 This is Jocko podcast number 370 with echo Charles and me jockel willing good evening echo good evening So if you are listening and you didn't listen to the last podcast number 369 go back and listen to it This is a continuation of that podcast We are talking about the games. We are playing the Abordinate games that make up various aspects of life and then ultimately the game of life itself and Just to say this and we kind of talked about this on the last one recognition of the game is a Huge part of the battle just recognizing that there's a game going on is a huge part of the battle. It's like When people are alcoholics and sort of the the beginning of solving the problem is admitting Oh, I'm an alcoholic. That's what they say or realizing That you've been hustled in in pool Right, like like you don't know that you're getting hustled. Yeah They're playing a game with you You you will you'll literally stop getting hustled as soon as you recognize what's happening a three card the three card shuffle You ever seen that? Yeah The you think you're gonna win that game They're playing a game. They're playing a different game than you are. You're trying to watch that card like an idiot Hey, you realize someone's playing you in a relationship, right? That's a common term We don't talk about the game, but we talk about getting played and getting played. Yeah Once you know, you're getting played. Hopefully you go. Oh, okay. Now. I understand the game. That's happening I'm losing the game. I'm gonna get out of the game. Yeah If you don't know there's a game going on you're just gonna lose the game so That's kind of the the prime primary piece of information from the last podcast was to make sure you know You are in a game I'm gonna go back to David Foster Wallace's commencement speech which I talked a little bit about on the last podcast Here's another excerpt He says this by way of example Let's say it's an average adult day and you get up in the morning Go to your challenging white collar college graduate job and you work hard for eight or ten hours And at the end of the day, you're tired and somewhat stressed And all you want to do is go home and have a good supper and maybe unwind for an hour and then hit the sack early Because of course you have to get up the next day and do it all again But then you remember there's no food at home You haven't had time to shop this week because of your challenging job So now after work you have to get in your car and drive to the supermarket It's the end of the work day and the traffic is apt to be very bad So getting to the store takes way longer than it should and when you finally get there the supermarket is very crowded Because of course it's the time of day when all the other people with jobs also try and squeeze in some grocery shopping And the store is hiddily hideously lit And also infused with soul-killing muzak or corporate pop and it's pretty much the same Or corporate pop and it's pretty much the last place you want to be but you can't just get in and out quickly You have to wander all over the huge Overlit stores Confusing aisles to find the stuff you want and you have to maneuver your junkie cart through all these other tired hurried people with carts etc etc Cutting stuff out because of the long ceremony here and eventually you get All your supper supplies except now it turns out that there aren't enough checkout lanes open Even though it's the end of the day rush so the checkout line is incredibly long which is stupid and infuriating But you can't take your frustration out on the lady on the frantic lady working the register Who's overworked at a job whose daily tedium and meaninglessness Surpasses the imagination of any of us here at a prestigious college, but anyway You finally get to the checkout lines front and you pay for your food And you get told to have a nice day in a voice that is absolutely the voice of death Then you have to take your creepy flimsy plastic bags of groceries in your cart with the one crazy wheel that pulls Mattingly lead to the left all the way through the crowded bumpy Literary parking lot and then you have to drive all the way home through slow heavy SUV intensive rush hour traffic Etc etc everyone has done this of course, but it hasn't been part of your graduates actual life routine Day after day week after week month after month year after year But it will be And many more dreary annoying seemingly meaningless routines besides but that is not the point the point is That petty frustrating crap like this is exactly where the work of choosing is gonna come in Because the traffic jams and crowded aisles and long checkout lines give me time to think and if I don't make a conscious Decision about how to think and what to pay attention to I'm gonna be pissed and miserable every time I have to shop because my natural default setting is the certainty that situations like this are really all about me about my Hungriness and my fatigue and my desire to just get home and it's going to seem for all the world Like everybody else is just in my way And who are all these people in my way and look at how repulsive most of them are and how stupid and cow like and dead-eyed and non-human they seem in the checkout line or at How annoying and rude it is that people are talking loudly on cell phones in the middle of the line and look at how deeply and personally unfair this is Or of course if I'm in a more socially conscious liberal arts form of my default setting I can spend in the end of the day traffic being disgusted by all the huge Stupid lane blocking SUVs and hummers and v12 pickup trucks burning their wasteful selfish 40 gallon tanks of gas And I can dwell on the fact that the patriotic or religious bumper stickers always seem to be on the biggest most Disgustingly selfish vehicles driven by the ugliest. This is the an example of how not to think Most disgustingly selfish vehicles driven by the ugliest most inconsiderate aggressive drivers And I can think about how our children's children will despise us for wasting all the futures fuel and probably screwing up the Climate and how spoiled and stupid and selfish and disgusting we all are and how modern consumer society just sucks And so forth and so on you get the idea If I choose to think this way in a store and on the freeway fine lots of us do accept Thinking this way tends to be so easy and automatic That it doesn't have a choice It is my natural default setting It's the automatic way that I experience boring frustrating crowded parts of adult life when I'm operating on all the Automatic unconscious belief that I am the center of the world and that my immediate needs and feelings are what should determine the world's priorities The thing is of course There are two there are totally different ways to think about these kind of situations in this traffic All these vehicles stopped and idling in my way It's not impossible that some of these people in these SUVs have been in horrible Auto accidents in the past and now find driving so terrifying that their therapist has all but ordered them to get huge heavy SUV so they can feel safe enough to drive or that the Hummer that just cut me off is maybe being driven by a father Whose little child is hurt or sick in the seat next to him And he's trying to get his kid to a hospital and he's in a bigger more legitimate hurry than I am It is actually I who am in his way Or I can choose to force myself to consider the likelihood that everyone else in the supermarket Check out line is just as bored and frustrated as I am and that some of these people probably have harder more tedious and more painful lives than I do Again, please don't think that I am giving you moral advice or that I'm saying you are supposed to think this way or that anybody Expects you to just automatically do it because it's hard. It takes will and effort And if you are like me some days you won't be able to do it or you just flat out won't want to But most days If you're aware enough to give yourself a choice You can choose to look differently at this fat dead-eyed over made-up lady who just screamed at her kid in the checkout line Maybe she's not Unusually like this. Maybe she's not usually like this. Maybe she's been up three Straight nights holding the hand of a husband who is dying of bone cancer or maybe this very lady is the low-wage clerk at the motor vehicle department Who just yesterday helped your spouse resolve a horrific and furiating red tape problem through some small act of bureaucratic kindness Of course, none of this is likely But it's also not impossible It just depends on what you want to consider If you're automatically sure that you know what reality is and you are operating on your default setting then you like me Probably won't consider possibilities that aren't annoying and miserable But if you really learn how to pay attention Then you will know there are other options It will actually be within your power to experience a crowded hot slow consumer hell type situation as not only meaningful But sacred on fire with the same force that made the stars love Fellowship the mystical oneness of all things deep down Not that that mystical stuff is necessarily true The only thing that's capital T true Is that you get to decide how you're gonna try to see it? So The reason that I wanted to go back to this speech is Because it points out the fact That it's very easy. It's it's extremely easy To go through life on autopilot Right to actually go through life Seeing things through miserable colored Lenses right, you know, you get the rose colored lenses. It's really easy to go through life it with just seeing everything is miserable Just like it's that that's easy We actually get to choose the way we look at things sometimes we don't even realize that we have a choice We get numb down and we get dumbed down and I think that's why oftentimes People don't realize that they're in a game They don't see it so They end up just simply following along and just existing in the game without noticing that it's being played Now There's a couple things to think about as we continue this discussion about the games and playing games and the game that we're in with games in any game Well in most games There's chances. There's there's a level of luck involved Good luck bad luck, right? I mean it happens on a football field to get a bad bounce get a good bounce That can be win or lose the game That in wrestling they literally toss a coin in wrestling Who can get top position who's gonna get bottom position if you're a great top player You could and you're bad at bottom player. You can literally win or lose the game on a ton on a coin toss So there's there's a certain aspect a certain element of luck in any game and There's a certain aspect of luck In life right. Oh, it's really nice to be Born into a good family with with health and money and connections and stability That's that's great, right? And There's there's a certain amount of skill that can you can be Lucky enough to have yeah, you want to be a basketball player. It's really nice when you're 6 9 right or if you want to go into academics and you have a Photographic memory that's you're pretty lucky and not everyone gets that gift You're in a business world and you have a good knack for numbers. Those are those are nice things to have so there's luck and There's some skill that you are That you you might just have through that luck But And this is sort of lends to what we talked about in the last podcast It's your play That has the most impact in dictating success or failure It's you it's the way it's how you play the game that counts Now we need to think about this Because if you were 6 9 probably be a pretty good pretty good decision to get into basketball There's no guarantee, but you you at least you're kind of gonna be on on the map a little bit I mean in high school you're gonna be a dominant player. You're 6 9. You're gonna be a dominant player so You gotta kind of make a decision about what game you're gonna play And that that starts to play a role and whether you're gonna win or lose the game Because if you're 6 9 and you decide to become a gymnast You're gonna have issues right sure you're gonna have issues If you're 5 2 5 3 And you decide you're gonna play basketball you're probably gonna have some issues knock it can be done And you decide you're gonna play basketball you're probably gonna have some issues knock it can be done Right Mugsie Bogues 5 3 I think he's 5 3. I think he's 5 3. You know Mugsie Bogues is yeah 5 3 Playing the NBA And like playing in the NBA and sitting on the bench. Yeah, he's playing in the NBA You know he didn't get you get that gift, but what matters is how he played So We have to pay attention to that that you have a choice as to what game you're gonna play What games you're going to play you have a choice into how you're gonna keep score you have a choice in What means winning and what means losing? So When it comes to life what game are we playing what rules? And how do we win? We're talking about the broad the supreme game of life You could probably start with Maslow's hierarchy of needs right so this guy is He this guy Maslow Abraham Maslow born in Brooklyn 1908 died in 1970s a psychologist and he made up this motivational hierarchy in psychology and This was his biggest contribution And so it with the the base of the pyramid the lowest thing But the most important thing that you have to get out of the gate is your physiological needs obviously air water food shelter sleep clothing Reproduction like these are the base needs that you have Those are your physiological needs above that in his according to his hierarchy is safety So Personal security like how can you make sure that you're safe and they include in this like employment and resources and health and property All those things are sort of wrapped up in safety the next one up is love and belonging You know, I don't know like to say the L word on the podcast, but love and belonging. This is friendship. This is intimacy This is family. This is a sense of connection. You got a steam is the next one Which is respect and status and recognition and strength and freedom and then you get self-actualization Which is the desire For a human to maximize their potential So Some of the characteristics of that are how you perceive reality that you can that someone that's self-actualized Can perceive reality the way it is now we've talked about this before like Everyone's perception reality is different So we don't really how we judge in that one not really 100% sure these people that self have self actualized Actualized they can accept themselves for what they really are Which again That's an interesting one because if You are mugs ebogs and you're like well, I just have to deal with the fact that I'm 5 3 and I'm never no actually he didn't accept it Except other people for who they are they're not self-centered. They're creative. They're resistant to conformity They appreciate basic life experience so That's this that's this hierarchy of needs Right you got your physiological needs your safety I get it we got to start with that food water shelter sure We get that if you don't have that you're just not much of a difference Going on safety sure we get that if you're under constant fear for the for the mouse Trapped with the cat. That's not good. You got to figure out now you get to this one belonging Not everyone has this deep desire to belong like I get it. It's a pretty common But some people prefer to be alone. I mean there's such a thing as a hundred percent Right and and I think different people would prioritize this differently I Get that you could say for most people we want to have some social belonging But I think this varies a lot That being said I think it's a strong. I think in most people it is a pretty strong thing, you know, that's why we have Tribes that's why we have gangs. That's why we have Freakin Democrats and Republicans That's why we have Sports teams that people wear the coming. Can you imagine how much it's billions of dollars that sports teams makes from the sales of merchandise So you can wear your your gangs insignia on your jersey So that clearly indicates you don't spend that kind of money if you don't want some kind of sense of boring so so this is I'm just Saying not everyone feels this way But it's definitely one of those things that I can understand a steam now. We'll get a healthy a healthy ideal Like you're talking about all I want to be a steamer. I have good self-esteem. Now. What point does this start turning into ego, right? My status that's what my concern is. Yeah, like why is that? Or recognition I really want to be recognized. That's really That's ego man And I'm not saying it's there for sure If you can I would recommend you break break away from that ego ego ego anchor That's pulling you into status and pulling you into recognition And then you get this idea of self-actualization Again to me, this is like an ideal you got someone that's like focused on becoming who they are, right? Yeah, I might be into it might be into Yeah, I might be into it might be in too much. Yes, you harden it Well, yes And it kind of was this the status ego esteem part. That's where you begun your journey into too hard in the paint The status and ego recognition and stuff then again, I don't know I could be wrong I can't read Maslow's mind, but this is what it seems like It's like an inner need now if you need this above and beyond normal stuff then it starts to mutate right like just like how you say like a healthy There's a healthy idea of it. Yeah versus an inflated ego where the inflated ego is like bad You start, you know the dichotomy as one might say so like the like We'll say recognition for example, right? It's not to say that like Someone's pining and yearning very very hard for the recognition. It's just that when you get recognition for something you did good It's gonna be hard to find somebody who just doesn't care and doesn't make them feel good, right? So there that isn't indicated. There is some need in there, you know, not to say they're gonna break their back or throw their mom under the bus For that recognition. That's like mutated, you know, I was saying not saying that they wouldn't do that Yes, sir. Yes, sir, and I would imagine this kind of goes for everything where yeah, I can kind of go too far or whatever But generally speaking we're talking about the Normal level of hey, I want to be I want to feel belonging. I want to feel esteemed I want to feel Recognized and appreciated now, you know all these things that we normal people and we like to feel so what I'm saying is You have to ask yourself if that's the game you're gonna play Mm-hmm That is that the game you're gonna play you want recognition. Okay, you want status, okay? So that's that you want this quote-unquote self Actualization, what does that actually mean? That can mean a lot of different things to look There's people that are self actualization is becoming a Buddhist monk in Thailand, right? Yeah There's some people self actualization is becoming, you know, the Jiu-Jitsu champion, right? There's some people going down the line. Yeah, so that that's a that's a real vague term, yeah I'm sure some psychologist is gonna chime in from that Cheap seats. It's very pop and if he does he's probably gonna say what I'm saying where it's like Think of it in terms of like an ego Extreme terms Think of it in normal terms, you know like you want food. Oh Well, just because Centering his whole life over pursuing food none and that's not what we're saying We're saying so it's an ideal each one of these if we view them as an ideal. They're somewhat more acceptable But they are Games and we did the last podcast we talked about these some of these specific games we talked about work We talked about health and fitness. We talked about relationships. We talked about life You start talking about legacy a little bit the and those are sensible pursuits for most people After water shelter food and safety in my opinion work But good job Occupation health and fitness. Yes good relationships. Yes, maybe the relationships that that that's in belonging, right? Maybe the work goes into a steam of recognition and status So I'm just trying to line these up and understand what I think with what some a little bit more, you know academic version of this is But When we talk about these we talk about a steam we talk about job and we talk about life we talk about recognition You could put these into into various games With various reward systems with various ways of winning and a real obvious one is money a Lot of people they're playing the game of trying to gather up money And I think really money is a little bit of a Substitute for freedom right it's supposed to be that if you have more money You eventually get freedom and there's the whole idea that you know someone is a Ski bum Mm-hmm. They don't have any money. They work, you know up on the mountain They're a lifty up on the mountain Yeah, and they got to work four hours in the morning every day, but they're skiing every day Yeah, so they even though they have money they're kind of doing what then meanwhile There's another guy that's working 80 hour weeks Down in you know down in the city and he Busts his ass so he can go up and ski for those six days vacation, right? So you're supposed to be getting freedom from money Doesn't always work out that way pursuit of money Can actually end up being sort of an addiction as well where now that's where it becomes your master and And listen I've known people That they love that game they've literally love Making money like deals and they love it and every time they make money. It's it's incredibly rewarding to them If they're lucky They're good at that game And and I've got friends that are really good at making a lot of money and they're good at it and they're happy and they You know you ever wonder oh how many millions of dollars do you need? Right people like all more but they they are Hey, they got enough money to do whatever they want You know what they want to do they want to get more money because that's the game that they're playing and they love that game And Some people Want to play that game and they're not good at it. They're not good at making money and They're not going to be happy so That's terrible because you get someone that's not really good at making money and They play in that game and they don't win and they're not going to be happy So you got to be careful when it comes to the money-making game Are you good at it? We talked about last time are you in the are you playing the game with money? That's going to make you a lot of money Because if you're working, you know 80 90 a hundred hours a week in the wrong game. You're not making any money You know you make $52,000 a year working 80 hour a week You're a hard worker you're smart, but it's just not getting you there You got to be playing a different game now The thing the weird thing about so this is one example right it's common example people are playing the game for money But there's all kinds of people there's people that make All kinds of stuff into their game like what they're into right look and it's sort of ecosystems right you could be in a Jiu-Jitsu you want that to be that's what you're doing to you or a basketball player or Academia right people pursue a life in academia. They want to win that game They want to get the most prestigious college they want to get the most prestige They want to write the prestigious paper that gets published in the procedures When they call it journal, yeah, hell yeah There's people that the game that they're playing is cars Right okay getting cool cars Or being in the military. I always got to bring that one up. I was in the military. I was playing that game I was in that game You're trying to get you know get the right job working the right place You know I want to be a seal People are into chess People are into women like you name it and there's someone that's gonna make that a huge part of the game that they're playing Can do this with anything actually you know in the book final spin sure the that's sort of the character of arty the cleaner who's totally into washing machines and dryers and Folding laundry and stuff like that That's sort of a statement about people that are just into random things and that's the main game that they're playing in their life Here's what's kind of good about some of those games is that they're deaf there's they're defined Right so you want to be a Jiu-Jitsu champion. Okay? Here's what you do. Here's you train you compete if you want to get to the pinnacle You learn these moves you cut weight you get to this championship you win. That's the defined what you do academia, right? Same thing like oh you know You want to be you want to be a respected academic? Go to this school go to this school go to this school get this degree get this degree to this degree get write your paper For the journal right do those things and eventually you're at the apex or you're at least in the top percent of this academic group Military is really defined. Oh you're gonna go in you're gonna get this job. You're gonna do this job. You're gonna promote So They tell you what the game is They tell you how to compete and they tell you what winning is So in in some respects those games kind of have something cool to them. They're defined What's bad about some of those games? Is there they're not as all-encompassing As people think so people get wrapped around being the best Jiu-jitsu player the best basketball player the best Akadia best in academia the best in the military happens a lot with the military, right? We see that the person's doing the military thing and then all of a sudden their careers are Like hey, you're a general or an admiral in the military Let's say you're a four-star admiral or a three-star general Bro you are kind of a king Yeah, right you're kind of a king you have a Shofur your people vehicles driving you around you get off the plane There's people waiting for you. They set their whole schedule around you. You got you got Billions of dollars at play like with fuel for ships and planes and oh hey, I want to take this plane over here. You can do it You're sort of this incredible Impowered person and then one day you retire And all of a sudden all that stuff is gone Now look you're probably gonna go get a job at some military company and fuel that military industrial complex But even then even then you're just another at that point. You're another admiral you're another J They got they got 28 animals. They got 47 Generals so you all of a sudden you're just a person again or You're in the SEAL teams or you're in force recon or you're in Mars soccer You're a green bray and that's all you they man you walk in you're an army dude You're an art your green bray and you walk into a you know a conventional army battalion all of a sudden people are giving you respect Once you get out who whatever You know You're a fighter UFC fighter You know what happens when you're done What are you doing? You were a champion Or you were a contender Now all of a sudden you look around. What do you have? You've got people are doing better now in the UFC, but Ten years ago even five years ago. I guess go ten years ago You know you're a fighter Ten years ago even five years ago. I guess go ten years ago if you were the champion of the world And then you couldn't fight anymore for whatever reason got too old or you got beat up too much or you know you were just done you got injured What do you have? Those guys literally don't have any money. There's nothing So all of a sudden you look up from one of those games that those types of games that we're talking about You look up from that game and all of a sudden you don't have anything You have anything you won the game You won the game You know I was talking With a very senior Flag officer I'm not going to narrow it down Between the services but Admiral general type with multiple stars on their collar is that would flag officer Yeah, yeah, because they have to own flag that flies again It's like you know you show up you're a flag officer they fly a flag for you one star two stars three star flag gets flown damn, okay But he was telling me about another flag officer that he had spoken to and The other flag officer was even more senior to him And that senior flag officer retired And the junior flag officer was like oh, you know how's retirement going? You know do you miss the Navy? And he goes like I said it was the Navy, but yeah, it was the Navy He goes, uh, do you miss the do you miss the Navy? He's like that's all bullshit. I was like damn a Very senior person not he wasn't in the SEAL teams, but a very senior person Saying that his career where he'd spent you know what is 25 30 maybe even over 30 years. That's all bullshit But even this is this is he was in the game knew he was in the game But thought that that was the supreme game and it wasn't And when he got out he looked around and said damn I was playing this game over here. I was like the most dominant Freakin kickball player on the school field And I was the champion and people had to give me their their cookies at lunch because I beat them And then all of a sudden he looks like gets like leaves the school field and realize there's major league baseball Right or he just wasn't it's just a little tiny game So we as people need to be cognizant of the fact And recognize the game that we're that we're focused on and make sure that that game Is what we want it to be Make sure that it's Equivalent for the effort that we're putting into it And look there's some people they get out of the army they get out of the Navy they get out of the Marine Corps And they're they're totally stoked. They're like oh, yeah, I play the game It was awesome. I loved it. I'm retired now I'm good with it. I'm glad I invested all that time and effort into that game because I loved it I feel that way. Yeah, like I don't feel I got out of the SEAL teams. I was like damn that was freaking awesome That was awesome loved every second of it If you don't pay attention you might be putting your time and effort Into a game that's not as important as you think it is So be careful of that Can see this with social media as well Right like people think that social media matters in a big way And it's like oh actually, you know, actually you could go off social media and Okay, sure someone might be like oh my gosh. Oh what happened? Oh, actually they wouldn't say oh my gosh No, they'd be like oh, I know she remember social media. Oh, yeah, I cancel my account. I left. It was taking too much time It wouldn't be like oh my gosh, are you oh is every you know people like oh price aren't around. Yeah There's probably only a handful of people that would notice to be honest with you for most of us. Yeah, yeah for sure be like oh whatever And and the same thing I the likes and the follows and the comments and the subscribers and all that stuff. It's like oh whatever Well, it doesn't really matter Not that big of a deal, but if you think that's a big deal And something happens with it. That's a problem That's a problem So when you're investing a lot into a game make sure that it's the right game And if this game really matters And then figure out if you should be actually playing this game or not Or how long you gonna play it for what are you gonna invest in it? You can play a different game Maybe you can pursue what you truly want to pursue And what we have to be careful of When you start asking these questions You can't lie to yourself Because this is where this is where real problems begin So I got I was in a few years ago 2020 because it was a jockeau live event. It was in New York And a guy asked a question, you know He said hey, you guys fired up He says hey, you know, I got a good job I make really good money I have a happy family. I got a wife and two kids 2.5 kids whatever it was You know, so you had a good life. He's explaining He said, you know, I just can't find the motivation to get up in the morning and do more And as I thought through this I told him he is very well the reason he's asking this question is because he's lying to himself And he's lying to himself He's lying it to himself in one of two ways The first way that he could be lying to himself is he's lying to himself That he wants to do more that to lie like I really want to get up and I want to get up and I want to get up I want to do more that's a lie like I really want to get up and I want to do more There's a chance that that's a lie Because if it's really there when you feel that lack of achievement when you feel that you could do more when you know you're not reaching your potential That eats you up. You don't need to find a motivation motivation finds you you can't sleep because you want to do more So there's a chance that this guy's lying to himself about the fact that he wants to do more And he's actually content the other lie that he could tell could be telling is that he's when he says he's happy And he has a good job and he has great money and he has a happy family. There's a chance that That doesn't really exist there's a chance that That if all that stuff was good to go he wouldn't really feel the need to want to do more So he's looking at it probably you know hey, I'm totally good to go. No you're not So tell the truth about that be like you know what I'm making good money, but I want to make more money on set my kids up for life I want to take a better care of my wife. I want to be able to spend I want to be able to get a vacate Whatever those things are tell the truth and if you tell the truth about those things you go You know what if I want to get another home if I want to get a vacation home. I need to work I need to bust my ass. I need to break out. I need to get up early. I need to do more stuff And listen there's some people that are totally happy and content with the rents covered the car payments handled The Netflix account is paid off right we're good. Yeah That's not supposed to elicit a hell yeah for me but there's people like this and then there's nothing wrong with that There's nothing wrong with that if that's where you're at and you're like hey look I got a rent got a cool place I got you know I got a I got my Netflix covered I got you know got a cool car. We're all good got a nice girlfriend We're all good there's people that legitimately are content with that there's also people that say we're all good and they're not They're lying to themselves so don't lie to yourself and in this case And in this case that I was talking to this guy from New York most likely the lie is contentment Most likely he's not as happy as he wants to be most likely he has unreached potential that's a serious issue for a lot of people And the older you get the stronger that grows right when you look at yourself in the mirror and you know time has passed That you wasted that starts to eat at you that can start to eat at you and so here's what I told this guy said listen Discipline that you're looking for that motivation that discipline that you're looking for discipline is rooted in the truth we tell ourselves Discipline is rooted in the truth that we tell ourselves and this is J I had a couple weeks later I was doing a gig with JP JP to now and I told you know we were having a discussion about where he was at and I told him the same thing discipline is rooted in the truth we tell ourselves If you tell yourself the truth you'll find discipline and actually if you tell yourself the truth most likely discipline will find you So do not lie to yourself do not lie to yourself and believe it or not we tend to do that we tend to just say I'm actually pretty happy I'm actually pretty happy we tend to tell ourselves a lie either that and your lie could be I want more and I want to do more That could be a lie you could be content with where you're at or your lie is that I'm happy And by the way if you want more go freaking get it and if you're happy cool enjoy it if you get if you pull that truth out of yourself And you know what I'm freaking stoked I got a I got a house I got a girlfriend I got Netflix I'm good if that's where you get cool enjoy it But don't lie to yourself and here's what you got to watch out for people lie about the hard games people lie about the hard games people lie about you know I don't really care about money It's freaking hard to make money and so people lie about it or you know I don't really I don't want to I don't want to spend my whole life working I don't care how big I am I don't care how strong I am it's a lie yeah not in all cases but in a lot of cases I don't really care about having I want to want some big house then you just got to take care of it Okay that could be a lie put your lie detector on if the goal that you're talking about you don't care about is big and takes hard work put your lie detector on it and make sure you're not lying to yourself If you don't care if you truly don't care that's cool that's fine but if you do care don't lie to yourself now you might have to put some realistic goals on yourself right you might have to be like okay I'm not happy with where I'm at this is what I want you know I want a freaking mansion Or I want I want a I want a house on beachfront Malibu 20 mil by the way that might not be a realistic goal for you but if you're like well you know I don't really care about that so I'm good with my apartment over here I'm good at renting my apartment over here if that's really if you really like look at your life and you look at your game and you look at your plan and you look at your where you're going to be and you're like I like renting an apartment and this is where I'm truly happy Okay but I'm asking you please don't lie to yourself This happens with with people going through seal training they say they want to be a seal they sign up for six years of their lives they tell all their friends that they're going to be a seal they tell their girlfriend they're going to be a seal they tell their parents and their grandparents they're going to be a seal And then it gets cold and they decide they don't really care about being a seal it's not really not really for me it's not true it's a lie and they quit and then two days later or two hours later they're like damn I know I actually do I do want to do that yeah but at the moment of truth you lie to yourself So that's what we end up doing a lot we end up doing a lot of lying to ourselves about the game that we're playing about the game that we want to play about the game that we should play and we don't tell ourselves the truth about it This is also why it's very important to be able to take a step back and detach because your little conniving mind will outsmart you It will outsmart you and it'll agree with the fact that you really don't care about you know having a good relationship with this girl or this guy or it'll say you know what I don't really care about getting advanced at work because I'm good with where I'm at Your mind will tell you that and you gotta watch out because your mind is smart it knows how to manipulate you, knows what to say so pay attention to the game that you're playing select the right game and make sure that you don't lie to yourself So the lying to yourself like that goes super deep like lying to yourself about like Did I hit a nerve over there? Yeah you did actually kind of but you know and you make this joke sometimes where you're talking about 20 rep squat and you're like I don't even know if I care about being strong No you're giving me a little bit too much like niceness I'm really like doing a 20 rep squat I don't even care about being this is stupid That weak part of my brain gets aggressive like dude this is you're gonna get hurt and you're not gonna be able to roll you're not gonna be able to surf How big do you want it how strong do you need to be bro? It's so easy and the thing is that like that and that's why I was kind of laughing because I thought about that and I have some pretty bad ones as well where you know and the lie is that like you don't really care that much about being strong The thing is like being strong is important only says been important you just don't want to fucking suffer right there. Hey check this out if you went into the gym and someone's like at that moment and they're like if they break and they go you know I don't really care about being strong And then you're like hey here's a pill you can take it'll make you freaking super strong 100% of people are taking it there's no one that says I don't want that pill. There's people that are willing to make the sacrifice Yes and let's face it dude you do those 20 rep squats bro. Yeah that's a that's a like a site it can be like a psychedelic experience like you know when you get to like the I thought you were gonna say psychotraumatic experience. No. Well I don't know I guess depends on who you are depends on how much weight you're doing depends on how you feel But yes psychedelic but what you just said there was like they don't want to make the sacrifice right and that sacrifice looks like that's a bunch of different things depending on what you're doing but really that's the truth but that's a hard truth to say It's like it seems way more comforting to be like it's not really that worth it because when something's not worth it and it's like clear it's like yeah yeah like it's like yeah I could go to the store but it's not worth it for the whatever I'm trying to get or whatever like that's easy that's an easy one to accept But if you're like yeah it is worth it and but right now I don't want to endure that suffering I'm too like mentally weak or whatever you want to you know whatever the situation is like I'm too mentally weak to go through that suffering for this 25 seconds That's hard. What's funny is you never say I'm too mentally weak to go through this because if you say that you're not you actually you actually what you'll say is like I don't you know I don't think I should get injured I don't think I should push myself. You got all these other excuses that you'll make and what's what what we have to watch out for is we can propel ourselves down the path in life of getting on the easiest game Exactly. You can say hey here's the easiest path to take that's a good enough game for me and listen this is what you got to watch out for You got to watch out for unutilized potential that you have as a human being if you have unutilized potential as a human being that's what ends up in my opinion becoming regret That becomes resentment towards other people as well. You ever you know we talked about this on the last podcast of like oh your friends don't want you to succeed there's some friends that don't want you to succeed That's because they know that they didn't do what they were supposed to do. You ever see someone like doing something that's hardcore and you're like a little bit jealous and mad and like frustrated I feel like I probably have yes but I can't think of anything offhand but I understand what you're saying When I'm when you see like oh uh Jaco like I post oh I just got done training Jiu Jitsu and you didn't are you a little bit mad? Yeah a little bit Right? Sometimes A little bit mad because it's a reflection of you. You decided not to train. That was your choice Yeah Yeah it's getting personal. You know what's real funny about that is like that you're right in you're right in probably more ways than you think because sometimes I'll be like ah he didn't call me to go train You know how sometimes you'll be like text and be like training news time or whatever and then like then I'll see whatever someone posts a picture of themselves with you training and I'm like ah it's like it's almost like a justification You know I'm like ah he didn't call me but whatever you know kind of thing but really the real pain is like that I just didn't go training you know that you did and I didn't So imagine that over a lifetime. Like we're talking about one training session makes you feel a little bit but imagine you look up and you know that someone else who's pretty much the same level human as you Like look I look at some people like Dan that person's doing I don't have the capability of doing what they're doing in that arena like whatever that arena is Freakin Tom Brady right? What's this dude doing? Like there's a human that was built for that game Gordon Ryan right? This is a human that's built for that game and both those guys massive work ethic dedication just that's what they're good that's what that's the game that they're playing And they've committed to that game and they're born for that game So I'm over here I'm not looking at Gordon Ryan like frustrated about him I might be like damn bro I might be like that dude is I actually it's just actually I know I'm trying to think of what my emotions are When I look at Tom Brady or I look at Michael Jordan or I look at Gordon Ryan it's like oh that's a human that got the blessing of having a level of natural ability that then took it to the nth degree Good for them bro. Respect. I don't even feel frustrated about that. Here's where people get frustrated. They look at Joe Schmo and they go dude Joe Schmo did this and I'm sitting over here and that person did better than me I know I have more talent than them. That's where people get pissed. That's where people get resentful. Yeah that's what it feels like where like yeah you mentioned these like elite level you know Gordon Ryan and Michael Jordan and Tom Brady It's almost like they're so good and so like they have they connected all their dots in their whole life potential gifts and work ethic and like you don't even compare yourself with them because of all these elements that are different So like you know when someone's like in the same lane as you that's when you're going to be paying attention you know where certain people even if someone's like just playing a whole different game like someone who's like won the Nobel Prize There are other people in their in their little environment and their ecosystem yeah their ecosystem that they're like I should have won the Nobel Prize or they'll be hater I should whatever but you if you're not pursuing the Nobel Prize you're kind of like oh that's pretty impressive you know you don't care at all you're just not in that lane you know What's the deal with Tom Brady as far as like you know you see these the numbers that he did in the combine when he was getting drafted and he was like not you know horrible numbers I think like the worst 40 and they show pictures of him he had no vertical so was he just not like the best athlete and then he got he worked to get that athletic or he just not been on the right program So what's the deal with Tom Brady is Tom Brady super athletic now or something I mean he's freaking one however many Super Bowls yeah so awesome shape at 45 years old yeah yeah fully so yeah there's and you know this like where there's different like types of athlete But more than that it's more what kind of player are you like how good of a player are you so certain positions if you're more athletic that's going to add to how good of a player you got to have other elements for sure oh yeah 100% now quarterback is kind of the most cerebral one of the thing so he's he got to be he has to be a good football player like quarterback so there's something in his mind and you can train all this stuff like in and of course physically like he's a tall guy you know that helps and you got physical attributes for sure but just because you don't have a vertical like that's more like basketball your vertical I mean he's got to be more than a quarterback do you think he do you think he was not on the right program and then once he started getting honed he was able to become more because let's face it like he could have been a really good athlete that just didn't know how to train right yeah is that possible yeah yeah very yeah but you tend to get like these really good and I told you about my friend Tim Kerry where he he was a quarterback at UH he actually talked to him briefly he was he I think he played in Canada for a little bit too but and I'm not saying he's not a Tom Brady level athlete but he was so but he was one of those guys where you tell him around a 40 he's not very fast he was pretty tall but you tell him jump a vertical he's not going to be one of the highest vertical guys you know but his mind and his just way of connecting with the people around him on the team or whatever was like you could tell he was really good at that and I'm sure you can train that a lot of it is like personality but it's like the way you're in touch with the game and with your game that's going to really tell the tale more so than how fast you run the 40 or do those combine exercises and so on thing about Fader when people talk about the different towns that people have right and you got you know some fighter is super explosive right you got a yo lol Romero right just explosive he's like a superhero explosive you got some other guy that can you Nate Diaz is going Durance, bro. He's gonna he's gonna keep going nothing gonna stop him from an endurance perspective BJPan flexible super flexible you got guys that just cardio machines Frankie Edgar, right? So there's different people have different talents what I always found about Fedor Mellon ankle who a lot of people say is The best heavyweight of all time In mixed martial arts what I I thought like his talent Was that he knew how to fight really good, you know like he knew how to take his wrestling his boxing his striking his grappling He knew how to take all those things his talent was being able to put them all into one Into one package and utilize the right skill at the right time. Yeah better than anyone else dirt in his era Yeah, and you know here's another one too and you mentioned this everyone's well where he was unshakable like he wasn't the kind where like You get him in trouble and it that means something to that you get a minchal means nothing to you nothing Yeah, look at Kevin Randleman just picking him up Smashing him on his spine. Yeah, like where you look at air airborne airborne and you think there you think at least there's a decent chance This guy's and he's gonna be paralyzed Yeah, I'll literally paralyzed from the neck down because he gets smashed on his head and he hits the ground He looks like it looks like I just walked up to you and like said hi. That's the expression Yep, he just looks totally normal and he gets a guy in a Camero But that you see that and you go, okay, that's what that guy's talent was Was taking all those things like he if there was no MMA and there was just boxing He wouldn't have been a world champion boxer if there was just wrestling he wouldn't have been world champion wrestler Because there was people that would beat him in wrestling. There's people that beat him in boxing There's people that beat him in sombo, but you take all those things and put them together and he that's the skill he had Yeah, so when we're Cruising around life You if you can and you can identify what talent you have That can help you identify what game you should get into and if you're lucky The game that you're good at is the game that you also like to play right because there's some people that have a natural skill But they don't like that that game right there's also some people that lack a skill, but they love that game look I'm okay with that to an extent right like Hey, I really love this game. I suck at it, but I'm gonna go for it Appreciate the heart man And you you you that might be the right move for you because then you're doing something that you love and you get beat It doesn't really matter as long as you accept that and you understand that and you understand what winning is gonna look like for you In that particular game, but if you're not paying attention to that You might be getting involved. You might be it's the same thing you hear with you know I just always did what my parents wanted me to do and that's why I went to law school and now I'm a lawyer and I hate it Right like watch out for that If you don't like if that's not the game you want to play at all And your parents are getting your law school and you want to be a welder because you like fabricating stuff with your hands Let me tell you what game you should pick you should pick that fabrication You should become a welder because your passion and your love for welding will more than make up for the fact that it might start off with a Lower income than being a lawyer, which by the way, probably isn't even true these days because you know lawyer There's so many lawyers out there. It takes a long time to build up your life You you book a business and it depends on what kind of lawyer you are like I know a handful of lawyers and most of them are don't make that much money. That's very true very true and most welders They make pretty good money So that's what game you want to get in yeah And you in you and you just you just have to pay attention yourself and what I would say about both those Your parents want you to be a lawyer. They've told you to be a lawyer if You lie to yourself And they're gonna work out well You made a really good point with the admirals and stuff where and then UFC has that where you know You put all your eggs in that basket playing that game hardcore and then once it's over you're sort of done so I know like You know Professional sports that can be the case and you know you ever watch that what's the show the rock used to be in and he was like a sports Financial advisor no idea. He was it was a show I used to watch it for a while I was and I was like I don't get what this guy is that when I first started watching it And I was like oh what he does is he manages like the money in the financial future of Athletes that come in cuz you know you come out of high school Yeah, he squeaked out a degree a little bit you into the draft or whatever in your hole your whole plan for your whole life All your eggs in that basket football and then nothing else afterwards right in your playing football That's all you're doing football party whatever whatever so the rock was like an advisor They would he would help plan like hey shit you should take some your money invested here So when you're done playing football because when play football you don't think about after football I'm missing forget football forever well unfortunately most people between the most men for sure between the ages of 1530 Aren't thinking about anything. Yeah, you all think you're gonna not you're not worried about hey something will happen Yeah, which is by the way lying to yourself. Yes so too So he was he would do that and that like kind of man you can Obviously, we don't have a lot of us don't have financial advisors when we get our first great job, you know But it's like that's the kind of mindset you kind of got to keep that's gonna help you You know like what mindset that hey this is gonna end this job is gonna end and then what am I gonna do? So some jobs are good where you can have that job and you get so much experience just by doing the job that like when you're done You're like oh shoot to me Admiral seems like one of those jobs. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah No, there's definitely like I said the military and industrial complex is looking to hire you up and make you a freaking whatever They're thing and they're board meeting and you're gonna go to the big meeting and get more missiles bought by Navy or whatever That's going on for sure, but you'll see fight not guaranteed by the way what I just said There's always a slot. There's always some slots for that flag officer But also that flag officer is like well, they're like, yeah, yeah We got a job for you just got to move to whatever this place is and the guys like well I wanted to retire to Tennessee like well We don't need someone in Tennessee. We need someone in Washington, DC, Tennessee or DC We need you in DC not Tennessee and so then they're like, oh, I guess I'll just not do that and look you're got an admirals You got an admirals pay admirals retirement or a generals retirement, which is good money But it's not getting you anything close to the life that you had when you were an active duty general officer Because you had a driver and you had a car and you had a freaking airplane. Yeah, you aren't flying around in Delta You're not flying around in America. You had a plane And you're just hey, bro. I'm going there now. I'm going there now There's a group of people waiting for you and they're feeding you extravagant foods and treat treating with respect all of a sudden next thing You know you're on Delta Airlines in the cheap seats Mmm, you know, so that's where it sneaks up on people Yeah, and there's people that do that in every industry that happens in in the in the academics It happens in the financial industry. It happens in any industry Yeah, any any job that you can have if you don't recognize the ecosystem that that job Actually encompasses and think that it encompasses more if you think that the ecosystem encompasses the whole world Yeah, like there's like being a seal, right? No one like there's an admiral seal There's me. There's some other guy that was did four years to necessarily in world. That's just a seal They're all the same dude, right? Well, this guy was an admiral. Sure. Some people might say well admiral sounds pretty important Well, this guy over here says yeah, I was a master chief goes Master chief admiral those guys both sound pretty awesome to me. Yeah, right. It's like the same thing Yeah, so you think that that ecosystem expands to encompass the whole universe and you think it expands to encompass life It doesn't yeah So if you're not paying attention You will be invested in a game where when you walk off the court, no one cares what the score was Yeah, people do that with academia like you're going to college and they're trying to get good grades and all this stuff No one cares. No one wants to see your report card. Actually a lot of times They don't even care what university went to sure if you went to the big whatever big Ivy League There's people that care about that, but then there's also be like, I don't care where you went to school Whatever you went to Harvard you went to Princeton you went to Berkeley went to Yale you went to wherever it's okay Cool, whatever we don't care. Can you perform in this job? Yeah, and that's the question So if we're not thinking about that we end up with issues. That's why you know, I've told vets for all these years You need to find a new mission find a new mission because that once you're out of the military No one calls you master chief anymore. Yeah, no one calls you commander anymore. It doesn't happen Sure, you can go to the country club and someone calls you Admiral if you tell them all about it But they they're just kind of like whatever. It's no big deal So we have to be careful about this, you know the the UFC thing for sure is The you know guys that fought in the UFC and then that's over, you know even Jiu Jitsu guys like oh, that's over Like you just said football guys like you're on you're on an NFL football team Nowadays cool. You're gonna get a good retirement. You're gonna be taking care of but back in the day Back in the 70s like you got done. No, no, you don't have any money. Yeah, no one cares gotta go get a job Yeah, you got to go get an actual job. That's weird. That's a strange thing. Yeah Actually, yeah, my uncle he died, but he played in the NFL for like six years or whatever what team Kind of played for Cleveland and he's old school. He's like eight. He would have been like 80. Oh, damn He was old 70s hardcore helmet Not quite but nonetheless When I first I heard about him when I first when I first met him when he came to visit or whatever He was like, yeah, he was like just a normal dude. I thought you know, he's huge But he was like, um, I thought it was gonna be some big-time rich dude Cuz he got that NFL money, you know, but no like when you're done You sort of got I mean unless you're focused right when you get that you focus on retirement and invest You know, that's that most people don't do that. So he just came as just a normal dude Mm-hmm. I think he'd worked in like I don't know some actually I think he owned like a Shop person. Yeah, but what's interesting is if you were in the NFL back then Or you in the UFC Five years ago ten years ago And you recognized the limitations of the game you were investing in And you pulled chips off the table in that game and put it into the bigger game. Yeah, that's how you win That's how you look up and go. Yeah, you know, I've didn't you know, I didn't do great in the UFC I fought for the belt twice didn't win it But I you know bought these three apartment buildings. Yeah, you know over a five-year period Yeah, two of them are paid for you know what I mean and then all of a sudden you go, oh so The only way you get to see that is by following the advice we gave on the last podcast Take a step back and write down the game that you're in and the multiple games that you're in And then what are the strategies to win these games? Yeah, and by the way, you can be playing a game a short-term game a subordinate game That is going to cost you in the strategic victory of the supreme game. Yeah Yeah, so you're doing dumb things Hey, oh, I'm gonna deal some drugs right now, right? I want to deal some drugs and I want to make some money right now Blah blah blah blah then you get caught. Yeah, and now you're screwed Yeah, so you can do you can make mistakes In the short-term games you can get involved in games that don't matter you get involved in games that take away your resources And if you do that, you're gonna you're gonna sacrifice the supreme Game again, please go and write down Take a step back detach and write down the various games and subordinate games that you're involved in what look We're all playing at least one big game together. Yeah, all of us. Yeah, and you know for you Winning the game of life might be hey I've got a big family I've got a bunch of kids I've got a bunch of grandkids. That's a w. It might be hey I'm not really into a big family, but I got a bunch of properties and I got a Um, I know I can spend my final years doing whatever I want. That's your w. If that's your w fine Maybe it's hey, look, I don't really care about money But I want to live by the beach or I want to live in the mountains and I want to be left alone And not have to worry about anything and that's the w. Okay cool Figure out what that win looks like figure out what that w is and then figure out how you're gonna play that game to win And do you you know you heard the the whole thing where You know people do this where they'll interview people who are like really old And sometimes they interview like the super successful people who are really old and kind of retired or whatever and they say like what are your regrets or whatever And it's usually stuff that they didn't do or maybe I should have Okay, so I have two questions. Hey, do you ever uh like do that? Is that ever like a motive not a motivator, but like a um Like a tool you use to be like hey, I should do more or whatever by thinking like oh, I don't want to be old and Regret not doing certain things. Yeah, I think when I talked earlier about the knowing that you have a certain level of potential knowing that You have a certain amount of time Knowing that I have opportunities that some of my friends don't have anymore. It's like, oh If you don't think I'm gonna try and do my best to fulfill the potential that I have to to squeeze what I can out of life Well, yeah, no, of course, I think that way, you know, I think about all my friends that don't have that opportunity. Yeah, so Do you think of now? Do you ever think of like things in the past like that you kind of can't do anymore because you're not in that position anymore? You know like sometimes when you're like, hey, I should have I think I should have enjoyed myself more in my 20s or whatever. Do you ever think that I enjoyed myself a lot? So you don't have any other direction. I'm like, I enjoyed myself a little bit too much in my 20s You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I was I was playing that game pretty hard Yeah, right and I played it a little too hard, you know, I probably should have a little bit a little bit smarter but I think also You know, I I think that the years that I was like, you know blowing money on On partying and chicks and just all that crap. I think in those years. I also Those were years that were a little bit For lack of a better word a little bit expendable meaning like That's what I was doing. I knew I had a longer future, you know And knew I'd be able to kind of have some time to put that together But that being said, I've told my kids I've been like, oh if I would have been smarter The the whole the whole world would be different. You know, so I guess I do have When I if I think about it Front kind of bifurcate the two thoughts of one of them is like, well, yeah, I had a good time and it was fun But also if I look at it from a more mature aspect, it's like Yeah, you know, I would have been in a much better position now then Then I am now listen I will say that I'm in a really good position right now in my life. Like I mean, I've got good stuff going on I kind of have what I What I want. Yeah, um But you know, if I wouldn't have gotten onto this path that we're on right now You know, if I if I would have retired from the military and run the gym and taught jujitsu And I had to look around right now and look at the time and money that I wasted as a 20 to as an 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 year old I'd be like, damn. I should I wasted a blue a lot of stuff. Luckily, like I said, I think of made maneuvers Once I identified The game that I was playing Which I didn't really do until I was like 25 years old. It's like, okay. I see this game. Okay. Now. I'm in a game Now I'm in a game. Here's the here's the maneuver. Here's the moves that I have to make Here's the things that I have to do to set myself up for the long run And once I did that then I was able to sort it out. But if I And then and then continued to identify. Oh, this is the game that's going on right now. Okay. Here's here's how I can make Moves. So I think if I wouldn't have identified that I would be totally regretful. Yeah Yeah, but as of right now, you're you're kind of saw I feel good and the other question I got asked yourself Well, if I didn't have those other experiences, would I be who I am right now? I mean the answer is probably no probably not Yeah, you know, so I I was Doing things and learning about life and going through experiences that I learned a lot from And I think that was beneficial. Yeah, and it makes me who I am So, yeah, I feel like you're you know in your position and a lot of people in the position where You have you had such a like action path for like a better term Yep, like young Life, you know that it's hard to be like man. I wish it because you know, you you bring up Yeah, people who follow their parents dreams, you know, and then they get and even one there for real successful They'll be like, dang, I wish I would have I wish I would have paid attention more to my friends or my whatever my family or whatever Or even if they just say I wish I would have followed my dreams instead of my parents dreams. Yeah Yeah, so this is to your case in point. I followed my dreams from day one Like on day one, I was like, hey, I want to go be a frogman. I'm gonna go get after it like that's what I'm doing and I did it And so that's to me Very Very Satisfying gratifying and regret removal, right? Yeah, fully like I think if I if I had not done what I had wanted to do Like well, you know, you played football. Is there a part of you that goes man? If I would have pushed a little bit harder if I would have trained a little bit harder If I would have been a little bit more dedicated, I probably could have you know, maybe I could have gone Whatever, maybe I could have gone to the NFL. Maybe I could have done or you don't have those thoughts No, you're shaking your head like that. Yeah, not even close. So I think like you didn't have the capability of going to the NFL Um, I don't I don't know I mean put it this way the guys that on my team that I know that went to the NFL were like way more gifted than me So way more gifted or way all across the board everything or did they work harder though? Yeah Yeah, both and here's what I realized like within two years. It was actually after I got injured I had to work my way back into the depth chart Is like I don't like football enough to like have to play this game as hard as everyone I'm looking around and guys are like they're down for the grind of football and that's football and they're watching the games on the weekends Oh, this one remember. I don't care. I kind of To be honest, I kind of care more about the party on after the game then, you know, like practice and like all this stuff I liked lifting weights. I like that part of it and certain like running drills. I like that part of it But I think the the reality of what it takes to play football like wasn't worth it at all To me after like about two years in college in high school It's like you're just into working out and you run faster than everybody so it's you can catch good So you make touchdowns if you're good at football in high school like you're just gonna live a good life You know kind of a thing and then so it wasn't it didn't take the kind of work it did in college So it really brings to light like what it takes and you're like, oh, bro. This isn't like I don't even like football that much I like it but not that much. What if you were still a bouncer right now? No, so yeah, would you kind of be like? Damn, I was I know I would if this is the if if I wasn't trying to see if you lied to yours Did you lie to yourself at all when you were like, you know what? I don't care about that much about football Were you just saying that because it was a bunch of hard work and you're like, oh, I don't really care about football It's like what I talked about earlier today. Yeah No Because it doesn't feel like in any way because I don't even know I don't watch football It's like I saw her grades or nothing But I like I'll try to watch football Because I want my son to kind of be into and think out because and it is fun to watch what I'm like not into it really I'm not into it. So there's truly Zero regret for your football career. You know what? I think I think what drew me to football was my dad's like He was so proud that because jay joined football first one year like when he was 10 when we were 10 And my dad was so proud of him and I'd watch him playing how everyone just loved it and all this stuff So I was like, okay, and then the next year I went and we were good You know coming up or whatever. So it's like you just get the payoff of being good more so that I really liked football I think I did it for my dad to be honest Like not fully so you truly have no regret The football thing no, um, that's good. Yeah, that's good because there's some people that You know would have been invested and and from what you're saying you weren't actually that Had to you know, uh, let's say a 80 percent natural talent if a hundred gets you to the NFL you had 80 percent Yeah, you could have made it up to 87 because you would have if you would have worked really super hard But you still wouldn't have been yeah, so consider who went to the NFL from my team that I mean I'm there's some other guys kind of later on but Ashley Lele 6 3 right of 4 2 something 40 he went to the NFL My friend Jeff Ulbricht who I met he ran a 4 5. He weighs 255 he's 6 1 Just a savage good at football. That's the thing too. Okay, and actually has all these touchdowns and like just good at football um, my friend Adrian Clam Who when he was lying man, he was 6 5 300 pounds and good at football long arms. He was all like Really, these are really these are elite athletes. Yeah in division one college football So you don't just go to the NFL Um, you had that realization was there anybody that surprised you? Anybody that like, you know little freddy. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, there are there are the handful of those guys Um, they usually make it to like the combine stuff and the practice squad and they do some work there But they don't they don't go and play in the NFL, you know, um, no surprises Yeah, there was um, I totally forget his name Oh, man, I forget he went to the NFL guy went to the NFL played on some some squads didn't play in games or nothing But played on some score. There's a few guys if you just playing squad are you getting paid? Yeah, yeah Yeah, you can practice better than like a normal job for sure. Yeah better than your average job Oh, yeah Like you can get and that could that benefit of you could that oh, yeah Like if I would if I was gung-ho about football like these. Yeah, yeah, I think so All right, because I I read you assess that the game was not for you game was not for me The game I chose what I didn't have I didn't have a contingency I just I was I didn't have really like like goals. I was just trying to do whatever I'll be a personal trainer or something like this and then you know work in the clubs, you know when you're 20 It's like whatever No, it was it was well into the club where I was like, hey, I got to do something like creative You know with with people that I like that are like that has a real future Not just the manager of a nightclub, you know, like that's not a I didn't see that as Who I was kind of a thing So I yeah, I joined with my brother and started your stuff Well I'm glad you were able to assess actually you taught me something passively. What's that? That you know how you're like a Navy SEAL or were whatever whatever Um, but then you're also a black belt in jujitsu and this is what I found out about you were like early on too where you like dabbled in like real estate And then I didn't find out you were this leadership dude or had that until Tim Ferriss podcast I literally didn't even know that Um, so the point there is you have like Five that's like what four or five different viable games to play five. Yeah, like very viable Just alone, but you have five of them going on at the same time Yes, and that is something that is a strategy And of and it the weird thing is and I'd say that this is probably You know, we talked about Fedor talent being able to put it all together I would say the little bit of talent that I have because that you know me. I'm not that talented in anything really But what I was pretty talented at was Being able to like work hard in a bunch of different things kind of simultaneously Yeah, kind of like I'm gonna do these things and they're all our time suckers And they all take a lot of effort and time, but I'm gonna go ahead and do them all at the same time And I think that's It's hard to do that Uh, and in some in a lot of cases it's not even smart to do that because in a lot of cases You know if you're doing one thing and then you're doing something else and you're doing something else and you're doing something else You're not prioritizing and executing. You're not focusing your resources properly to actually make anything happen So that In many cases is a negative to try and do A bunch of things at the same time You know, I would say like How much more dedicated I was I was very dedicated to jujitsu and I still train all the time, but And there was a time maybe where I was pretty good, but like Training when I'm training with Dean Lester and I'm training with Dean and he's like a world champion I recognize kind of like what you're saying. There was a gap In now In natural ability that would not be Would not be closed by any amount of work You know, there's a there's a certain level that he is and then I'd train with other world champions I'm like, okay. Yep. That person's better than me now. Look. I could have gotten close that gap more You know, if I'd have been like, all right, you know what? I'm just getting out of the navy And I'm gonna just do jujitsu all the time. Sure. I could close that gap more for sure 100% obviously Um, but yeah, I think that's that's me Working hard and not only that Uh, when it does come to prioritize and execute When I'm when I was doing one thing like I would do that thing. Yeah, and then two hours later I'm doing something else. I'm focused on that thing and then two hours later. I'm doing the other thing I'm doing it So I think the amount of focus that I would bring to the table when it came to pursuing goals was strong Yeah, and I never like I never sacrificed a one second of work In the SEAL teams for anything else For nothing else like there was no way that I was gonna ever Be like, oh, I gotta go. No, I never left work Never never never was like no I gotta go. That's why you know for many many years Dean and I trained at eight o'clock at night Um, because that's when I could safely know, you know, you get to work at six o'clock in the morning I know by eight o'clock I can get to the mats because I was never gonna prioritize anything above the primary job which is Being in a leadership role in the SEAL teams, which is going to trump all other things so you um some of it though and Yeah, maybe you're like, yeah, some of your stuff where you know, Especially now it's clear, but maybe maybe early on it wasn't but you know, like a lot of your stuff all the things that you're good at like certifiably good at You produce results in They like kind of can play off each other. True, you know, so like it's not like you're like, hey I'm gonna pursue being a rock star and then run echelon front is like they're too. They're so different I mean unless you're playing songs for them at the one the weekends or whatever, but You they don't like which I don't They don't play off each other as much, you know, but the the Venn diagram overlap Of jujitsu of SEAL teams of leadership And you know like either then you got like the real estate thing and that was always just a matter of me was like There's a game going on here. Yeah, and as soon as I realized that oh Hey, man, like I realized when I was pretty young. I'm paying someone else's mortgage Yeah, when I'm paying rent, I'm paying someone else's mortgage How do you win that game? The answer is you do not win that game. You do not win that game You do not win that game You have to get in a position where you're putting money and equity into your future not someone else's future so That's the kind of thing where it's like. Yes, that's a move I'm gonna make and I'm gonna sacrifice to be able to do it I was house poor my entire navy career I'm completely house poor driving a 1997 Dodge Grand Caravan for 13 years. That's a piece of shit car, man That's like there's no that's that's an ego You know, you see guys with their big trucks is the other end of the spectrum Later, this is the deflator like hey, I'm rolling up in a 1997 the freaking window on the driver side didn't work So it's taped up But uh, that's what that's when I read when I realized that these games were in play That's when I started to be able to play the game whether that game is like oh Real estate paying someone else's paying rent is paying else someone else's mortgage. That's not a winning game That's not how you win that game. Am I always gonna need a house? Kind of I'm always gonna need a place to live I got a family And believe me out there was times where I looked at all I can live in uh, you know I was gonna do the boat live aboard thing a lot of people not a team guys do that I'll just live aboard a boat whatever save that money cool, but again You all you have to do is study that for 15 minutes and you realize that a boat is a depreciating asset It doesn't get it loses value over time all of them Like okay, you can get a car. That's a that's a classic or whatever. That's very rare Cars boats planes. They're all depreciating assets. So when I realized that it's like, well, I'll move on a boat Okay, that's a depreciating asset. I know over time I'm gonna end up in a worse spot the only way to do this is I gotta buy a house Okay, then once I bought a house it was like, okay well, how long do I need to hold on to this house before I can buy another one how long for another one how long for another one and Again when you look at all these different things that are happening you can start to say, oh I can at least see The game that's being played and I can get in the game That's my recommendation Oh with that we will continue this thread. We'll see Um, oh Perhaps on the next podcast. I don't know. We'll review this one and see if there's a little bit more to add to it If anyone has questions about this one hit us up. Yeah, this one's helpful, man For even for me just listening, man, it's so helpful. Well, that's what I realized with these past couple podcasts if I've got friends that I communicate with regularly and they don't realize this stuff I know there's a lot of people that I haven't done a good job of job of communicating this too. I know that, look, I cover a lot of military stuff, cover a lot of leadership stuff, but it's interesting when I talk about military and leadership things, I always think that the correlations to life are so obvious, but they're not as obvious as you think they are. Not as obvious as I think they are. So this is one of those where hopefully people can see through pretty direct communication the concepts that we're talking about, and everyone is susceptible to the problems that can occur if you don't know about the game. So speaking of that, we got Choco Fuel, we both have been drinking a lot. You drink a milk during this? Yes. How was it? Good, I'm signing banana cream all day. Not as obvious as my normal chocolate, but bro, I seriously drink two of those a day. Cause I got the freaking stockpile at home. Yeah, so get yourself some protein. It's really easy. You know, you first alerted me to the fact that if you're trying to get the amount of protein that you need, 30 grams of protein is a legitimate nudge. It's a legitimate, like, oh, this is a, this is a legitimate boost to the protein intake. I think that's more than a normal, like what do you call it, like your FD, I mean like a normal meal, like a normal one serving meal or whatever, 30 grams is more than an normal meal. There you go. So Moque, we got these beautiful drinks. We didn't call them energy drinks. I mean, they are called energy drinks, technically speaking, but they're not because energy drinks are bad for you. And this one's good for you. So we're in a totally different level. We're not in the game that they're in. They're in the game of poisoning you. We're in the game of making you better, smarter, faster, stronger, jocofuel.com. Get some of that. You can get it at Wawa. You can get it at Vitamin Shop, the military commissaries. Look, if you're, I got word the other day that there was a military commissary that was lacking. So, hey, also check in the health and wellness section of stores. Sometimes you're looking at the energy drinks section. Some stores put them in there. Sometimes they put them over in the health and wellness. So check that out. Military commissaries, Hannaford, Dash Stores in Maryland, Wakefern in Shoprite, Circle K in Florida, H-E-B. Shout out to all my people in Texas that are rolling into H-E-B and clearing shelves. Freaking outstanding, thank you. Murphy's, Meyer, up in the Midwest. So there you go, jocofuel. Get some. Get some. Here's what we like to say around here. Yup, it's true. Also, origin USA, American made apparel. We're gonna start with jujitsu stuff. Giz, when you're doing jujitsu, you need a good Giz. So why not get the best Giz? And plenty of options. So don't even worry about like, oh, I gotta get the one. No, you can get one too. No, you can get whichever one you want. Why would you run out and buy a Model T Ford that was rusty when you could go out and legitimately buy a Cadillac? Because that's the difference between a normal G and an origin G. It's like that. And that's not even to mention where it's made, see what I'm saying? Which is a whole other thing, huge. Actually, probably even hugeer when you really think about the big game, if you will. See what I'm saying? But yes, best of both worlds. Giz, Rashgards, got some short, some hoodies. Okay, so I have four, well actually I have like eight origin hoodies. 100% the past month and a half, 100% every single day, even weekends, I wear the hoodies, one of the hoodies. It's a little chilly out here in California for the Californians, especially for the Hawaiians be thinking it's for you or no, the heavy hoodie. Well, you and I were doing some filming today. And I had like, I wear my origin hoodie every day and it just covered in food. I was like, dude, I gotta give me a second, you know? I got like scraps of steak on here. There's meatball on there. I just had to clean that thing off because I guess I'm not one of those people that's super into like, you know, whatever, fashion. Amen, you look great. We get the Hunt gear too, got the jeans, Delta jeans, Delta 68s, come on. Multiple levels of wash too. Oh yeah, that's right. That's right, we got a wash house. Yep. That's a thing. OriginUSA.com. Do you know the dynamics between the, like do you know under what circumstances is you wear the dark, the medium and the light? Under what circumstances? Yeah, like, you know, when you wear light jeans, that's like a daytime spring. It's more casual, dark jeans, more like dressy. See what I'm saying? And then it's a spectrum. Bro, you gotta know that kind of stuff. When you're in big eight, you're going out on dates. Just saying, I'm here to help. You gotta know the game you're playing. Also, Jocko has a store, it's called Jocko Store. That's where you can represent with discipline equals freedom, deathcore to the core on this path. I've seen the shirt locker. While we're playing this game. I've seen the last shirt locker. Shirt, no free dopamine. Just throwing that out there as a flag. Like, hey, I'm here, no free dopamine. If you're wearing that shirt and you're looking at Instagram and you're scrolling and it's giving you free dopamine, dopamine, dopamine, dopamine. Nope, by lading the whole thing again. Feel that it happened, come on. It's true. Clear your brain, clear your brain. Shirt locker, that's what you're talking about. Shirt locker, new shirt every month. Check that one out. It's all in jockostore.com. Subscribe to the podcast, go to Jocko Underground. Check that out, jockounderground.com. Go to YouTube. Jocko podcast on YouTube, origin USA on YouTube, psychological warfare, flip side canvas, Dakota Meyer. I talked to him the other day. He's just getting after it. Just getting after it, no matter what. Dakota Meyer, he's got his own gym down there in Texas. If you're in Texas, if you're in the Austin area, go to check out his gym. It's called, Oh, and the Dash. Gym. Yeah, I saw a guy with one of his shirts on, and I was like, oh, Dakota Meyer represent. Dig it. There you go. Books, got a bunch of books, Jocko publishing, Holly McKay's book. Get one of those, we did another print of those. So pick one of those up, awesome book. And I've written a bunch of books. The final spin, novel. There's novel things happening with final spin. There's also some novel things happening with Warrior Kid. Look. We'll talk about this more in the future. But let's just say, we like the way things are going. Written a bunch of books. So check those out. We also have Ashland Front. We solve problems through leadership. All your problems are leadership problems, and we will get them solved. Go to Ashlandfront.com. If you need help there, if you wanna come to one of our live events. We also have the Extreme Ownership Academy. We just redid this whole thing, revamped it. Actually, it's not even just a revamp. It's like a totally new, totally new, what is it? Website, is that what it's called? Totally new website. We got free courses on there to take. We got Dave Burke and I did a course. A free course, Jamie Cochran and I did a course. So take those free courses. Go to extremeownership.com. You can check out some of the other content that we have. Cause look, this is what we're talking about. All these games that we're talking about, you need to win in these games. The way you win in these games, by having the right skills. Extremeownership.com will give you those skills. And if you wanna help service members active and retired, you wanna help their families, Gold Star families, check out Mark Lee's mom, Momily. She's got a charity organization. You heard her on the podcast. You heard about her son. If you wanna donate, you wanna get involved. Go to americasmightywarriors.org. And also don't forget about Micah Fink, who at present time is up there in the wilderness somewhere. He's got a small mountain lion in one hand and he's got a bow and arrow in the other hand and he's in the pursuit of a grizzly bear. That's what he's doing right now. So go to heroesandhorses.org if you wanna help him help our veterans. And also, if you wanna connect with us, we're on the interwebs. Echo Charles is on Twitter. He's back on Twitter. Mistakes were made. They've been amended. Growth is re-responding his life on Twitter. So check him out. He's at Echo Charles. He's on the gram. He's on the Facebook. He's on the Facebook. At Echo Charles, I'm at Jocko-Wong. Listen, if you're gonna go on there though, just be careful, because there's free dopamine on there. They might as well be giving you cocaine or methamphetamines. And it's getting better too, by the way. Just let me throw that out. You mean they're getting better at manipulating your brain? With the algorithm, yes. The algorithm is just honed. Honed, yeah. Like if you are into jujitsu, but you're really into umapatas, it's like showing you more umapatas. If you're really into surfing, but you're really like single-fin 70s guns, sure. Which I do. Hell yeah. What just miraculously pops up. So they're tracking on you. That's the algorithm. Watch out. And thanks to our members of the Army, Navy, Air Force Marines, who are playing the ultimate game around the world preserving freedom. Thank you for your service. And thanks also to our police and law enforcement, firefighters, paramedics, EMTs, dispatchers, correctional officers, Border Patrol Secret Service, and all first responders. Thank you for preserving our way of life here at home. And to everyone else out there, don't lie to yourself. And until next time, this is Echo and Jaco. Now.