 This is Jockel fondcast number 285 with echo Charles and me, Jockel willing. Good evening, echo. Good evening. And also joining us tonight. Dave Burke, good evening, Dave. Good evening. All right. So we are going to dive into some work that I have been waiting to dive into it. I waited because I wanted to do it justice. I waited because I wanted to be thorough in covering it. I waited because there's a lot of work to cover. And going going into this, this particular book, books, series of books, articles, individual, the more I read over the years, it got better and better and kept getting better and kept making more sense to me from a tactical battle war perspective, from a leadership perspective, from a how-to lead perspective and also, contraryly like a red cell type, how not to lead, from a relationship leadership, capital perspective and a Jockel perspective. So basically, I was just seeing everything in my life wrapped up in this particular, this particular individual and his work. And on top of that, so that there's another podcast that I've got waiting in the wings or it's going to take a series of podcasts, but it's waiting in the wings. I'm super excited to do it, but I can't do that podcast until I do this podcast or at least this podcast or at least a couple of podcasts. On this individual, this one man, highly influential man, a guy named BH, Lidel, Hart, Basel, Henry, Lidel, Hart. You can probably guess if you don't know who he is. If you know military history and military strategy and military theory at all, you know who he is. If you don't know who he is, you can probably guess that he's British because he has the first name, Basel, right? Sure. I mean, that's a pretty British name. You didn't go to buy Basel. I guess he went by BH, I guess. I'm guessing that's how he writes his books. Mother's maiden name was Lidel. She was Scottish. You know, right, born and raised, I guess on the border of England. The heart side, the Lidel, the heart side was farmers. He was, he was, went to some really nice private schools, anything. So he grew up in England, born in France, but grew up in England. He went to some really nice private schools. The first one of the private schools that he went through is called St. Paul's, which is in London. And it was founded in 1509. High school, founded in 1509. Okay, so that's just kind of crazy when we think about England. Then he ended up at Cambridge University, which, by the way, was founded 300 years prior to that in 1209, 1209, 1209. Well, he left Cambridge University, one World War I broke out, volunteered for the British Army. He was in the King's own Yorkshire Light Infantry. Glad we did that light infantry podcast recently. Dave, you've timed it all. You like that one, didn't you? I did. Made you start thinking about some light infantry because it's a mindset. Yeah. It's not just a way that people are trained. It's a way of thinking. Yeah. And I got to pull that real time at Master. I listened to it all the way to Master and put it into my brief. What was that point that you made? Well, the whole point behind that, like the largest theory when you went into it was the size of the force is not the deciding factor. There's a lot of this, if you have a smaller force, doesn't guarantee your defeat. And the whole point of this was like, how are we going to move think maneuver in a way that a smaller force that looks weak on paper and just outmaneuver these big giant forces because they're inflexible, immobile, they're dug in. So that theoretically in my mind resonated with all sorts of stuff. Can you imagine as I was learning due to and thinking about that actual thing? How many how many how many elements started to just come into view? Like come out of the fog as I'm thinking through that very thing. I'm learning due to it's I'm like, oh, if I can maneuver myself over here and put all my force against a smaller portion of their strength, I can win. All right. So he goes into the British Army. He is part of the King's own Yorkshire light infantry shout out to Yorkshire. He spent time on the Western Front World War I. And got sent back from the front two times because he was blown up and had conclusive injuries. Cool. Hey, listen, you went to the front. You got blown up so bad that you got sent back, because you had conclusive injuries. Cool. You good. Okay. Go back. All right. You get blown up again. Boom. You know what? You're good. Okay. Go back again. Third time he goes back. Cool. Um, gets back just in time for the battle of the song. And during the battle of the song, wounded three times. Continue to fight. Finally, he gets gasped. Badly enough that he can't continue fighting. His battalion was just about wiped out on the first day of the offensive. Battle of the song. This is so his battalion was some of the 60,000 casualties on day one. And that event and those events clearly left a mark on his mentality. Because you've heard me go off and talk about the, I don't know if I've used the word stupidity before, because it's not the right word, but the, the, the problem with World War I of hey, okay. We just lost a battalion at 0,600. Cool. 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 5. Dave. Your battalion's going. Okay. Dave's battalion just got wiped out. Okay. Echo at 6, 10. Your battalion. Go. And that's what we're doing. That left a mark on him. Eventually, after he's wounded, started to heal up, went back, trained new recruits, wrote the infantry training manual. After the war. After the war. After the war, hands up right in the infantry training manual. He got married. Got married to a woman named Jesse Stone. We're wondering what layers are there. Had a son, he retired in 1927. Came a journalist. Military historian, military theorist. wrote the most wrote so much. It's ridiculous. It's just writing all the time. Deep historical writing analysis, worked for Prime Minister Chamberlain. And he was kind of maneuvering and getting people to think in a different way of different way of using air power or different way of using tank power or different way of using maneuver warfare. And of course, we all know what happened with Prime Minister Chamberlain. He was weak and Churchill took over. And when Churchill took over, they kind of used the more traditional war strategy in the beginning. Guess who didn't do that. You know, who didn't do that Hitler, the Nazis, who were actually paying attention. Now, there's some question around how much influence heart, Le Del Hart had over the Nazis. There's definitely some meaning. They were reading the line in Patton. I read your book. Right. So Patton saying he read Rommel's book. Well, there's there are actual connections between Rommel and some of the other more known, more well known and some of the lesser well-known Nazi leaders that were reading his stuff. I'm being like, I know this makes this makes sense. There's also a lot of people that will say that that be a child. Kind of inflated that a little bit. But there was some influence. And also regardless of how much of a connection there was, even if there wasn't a connection, they were both thinking the same things. Right. They were both taking and learning the same lessons, which that's what that happened sometimes. You know, you put somebody in one situation, they're in a vacuum from someone else. If you put them in a similar situation like World War I, there's a pretty good chance that they could come to similar conclusions. Like maybe it's not smart just to line up and start attacking all at once. Maybe we should use some decentralized command. Maybe we should use maneuver warfare. So they all kind of came to the same conclusions, meaning BHLadel Hart, meaning some of the German and Nazi leadership. And so that stuff kind of came into play. So he wrote a bunch of this stuff down. He wrote a book called The Strategy of the Indirect Approach, which was also printed as the way to win wars, which is pretty cool. And what this is kind of what kicked me into hyperdrive of doing this, and we talked about this on the underground. So I did a post about about the Civil War. I did a post a social media post about the Civil War, about the Battle of Chancellorville, about Jackson taking the indirect path going 14 miles around to the flank of the Union troops and winning the battle in an hour as opposed to just taking the direct assault towards the Union troops, which is a half a mile. And some of the comments in there, you know, I'll, of course, what do I focus on? But most of the comments were like, yeah, that makes sense. Use the indirect approach. And I talked about using it towards people, and in a leadership position, how the indirect approach is normally the best way to go. And people were like, you know, you should just tell the truth. Like, are you saying you should lie to people? So it was that whole thing. And so I look, I know where I got these ideas from. It's no mystery to me. And part of it is the fact that you put me in and you put someone in an environment and you make them figure something out. They're going to come to the same conclusions. Right. So some of this stuff I was thinking, man, going to the flank makes a lot of sense. And it makes a lot of sense from leadership. But, but I also know that these ideas were dripped into my head over the years. I mean, when you do a basic seal assault on a target, guess what? You set up a base element that puts down covering fire and then a flanking element goes around, that's what you do. This is not rocket science. So I know that some of my indirect, my theory, my thoughts around the indirect strategy, the indirect approach. I know some of those were just from being in the military. But I also know that some of it came from reading heart. And so it made me crack open some of these books again and made me kind of fast forward in my mind to getting to these sooner in this podcast. Because let's face it. When well, the theories based in reality. Right. And that's what that's what's interesting about this. When you have someone that's spent time in the military, because the the the name of this book that one of the books we're going to look at today is the strategy of indirect approach. And it's about the theory, right? But if you have someone when you have someone that's been in war and spent time as a military leader and spent time in combat, and spent time in the worst kind of combat, like the actual worst combat. The actual worst combat, battle of salt, like the worst combat, actual worst combat, it doesn't, it's not theory anymore. Right. That theory becomes based deeply in reality. And that's what we have with with this book. And we're becoming covering two of his books today. Or at least trying to cover two of them. We might make it through, I don't even know how much because there's a lot to talk about. One is called the strategy of the indirect approach, which which I guess said was also reprinted as the way to win wars. And the other one is just called strategy straight up. So I guess we're going to get to it. Anything, Dave? I wrote down the word travesty. When you were talking about war one, I just wrote that word down just to remind me of the thing that I think about is you, when you talk about losing a battalion, it says scale, I think it's actually kind of hard to comprehend when to think of a battalion. I mean, I have, we have lost. I've been on patrols where we lost a vehicle. The lost people in a whole vehicle. A battalion is on a scale and just sort of the willingness to allow that to happen over and over again. And then then in retrospect thinking, and I was thinking of this as you said, it was the Germans had to learn that same lesson. They had to have learned the same lesson. You know, the Marine Corps takes a little bit of pride in sort of showing up, having the similar experience and then saying, we're not doing this anymore. And the Marine Corps really takes pride in that and we teach that history. But in actual world war one, yes, where you're talking about. Yes, in actual world war one of showing up sort of after the war had been underway for quite some time, getting on board with how is how is being done and then suffering massive casualties in the very initially engagements and saying, we're done with this direct assault approach. And the larger point to that is the idea that not just for him, but for Germany as well, the idea that the way we did that was a travesty and that that you would see how those lessons apply to well beyond just warfare that that would sink into your psyche and every single everything you did in your life would be informed as such a bad way to describe like it's influence on a level that you wouldn't just rethink how you did war. You would rethink every aspect of your life. If you suffered the casualties to that degree because of the willingness for leaders to just say, just like you described, your battalions gone, you're up next. And the fact that it influenced every aspect of his life is actually not even remotely surprised to me. Yeah, and it boils down to, and I know you like when I say this Dave, it becomes not just a theory, not just a strategy, but a way of thinking, a way of thinking. Yes, what it becomes. And what's interesting is, we're about to hear exactly how that transpired in his head. And this is something we covered this and we could actually covered this on the underground. But I just, I had to touch on the underground, but we're going to go deep. So here we go. Here's the preface. My original strategy of the strategy of indirect approach was written in 1929, published under the title, the decisive wars of history. It has been out of print for some time. So there's another third title that this book has been published under. In the following year, in the years following its publication, I continued to explore this line of fall. And from the results of such further study compiled a number of supplementary notes, which were privately circulated. Since the course of the present war has provided further examples of the value of the indirect approach and thereby given fresh point to the thesis, the issue of a new edition of the book provides an opportunity to include these. So now he's writing this, he's putting this one out in World War II. And actually it's towards the end of World War II because well, he's he's ends up talking about World War II and what's happening. When in the course of studying a long series of military campaigns, I first came to perceive the superiority of the indirect over the direct approach. I was looking merely for light upon strategy. So he starts off just looking like, okay, how does this work? How can we win? Seems like this indirect thing's pretty cool. Seems like a good strategy for the battlefield. With deepening reflection, however, I began to realize that the indirect approach had a much wider application that it was a law of life in all spheres, a truth of philosophy. Right? A law of life in all spheres. So this is where we get crazy because there's so many people. So many people, this is like, oh, you got to be direct. That's just such a common theme in the world. You got to be direct. You got to be frank. You got to tell. So I get it. I get it. I get it. He found that this has a much wider application. And it's a law of all, all of life in all spheres, a truth of philosophy. It's fulfillment was seen to be the key practical achievement in dealing with any problem where the human factor predominates and a conflict of wheels tends to spring from an underlying concern for interests. Okay. So here's where this gets awesome. So he's talking about conflict, right? A conflict of wheels. And what we might fail to realize is that if I'm on the same team as Dave, we can also still have a conflict of wheels because Dave wants to A and I want to do be. So even though we're on the same team, that's like one of the other perspectives that I think about this. You know what I said about leadership capital and relationships? That's this applies 100% there, too. In all such cases, in all such cases. So this is cases where you have the human factor. Anytime you got the human factor, in all such cases, the direct assault of new ideas, provokes a stubborn resistance, thus intensifying the difficulty of producing a change of outlook. Dave, how long have you heard how many times have you heard me tell this to clients, to people? This is it. It's I don't have the vocabulary to explain how often we say that in some version of that sentence in everything. But I got to be careful because I could probably just just hearing it and invoke so many things that think about. But he's almost articulating it like when there's a human component to this and I'm thinking of myself. So when is that not, when in my life am I not interacting with another human being? If we're if we're doing a computer software design, right, we don't need to worry about this. Right. If we're actually programming a machine of some kind, we don't need to worry about it. Yeah. Other than that, other than that, if you directly assault an idea, it's going to provoke stubborn resistance. So if I impose my plan on Dave, it's going to get resistance. Even though Dave's on my team, I impose a plan on it's going to be resistant. And it's going to make the change of outlook harder. It's going to make the change of outlook harder. So if my wife wants something and I attack it, it's going to be harder for her to change her mind. There's going to be more resistance for her change, you can remind on where we're going out for dinner. That's what's going to happen. Back to the book, conversion is achieved more easily and rapidly by unsuspected infiltration of a different idea or by an argument that turns the flank of instinctive opposition. So you're going to get more easy, more easily and more rapidly conversion of their brain will come when you flank them. Check and faster and faster rapidly and more easily by an unsuspected infiltration of a different idea and by the way, don't let well we'll get to it. So there's some people that are thinking right now, oh, so what you're going to use going to lie to Dave? No, I'm not going to lie to Dave. Doesn't mean I didn't mean I say, well, actually, Dave, we should use my plan because Adam and I'm going to make up some intel that sports my plan. I'm going to make up a timeline that sports my plan. No, that's not what I'm talking about at all. Back to the book, in commerce, the suggestion that there is a bargain to be secured as far more potent than any direct appeal to buy. And in any sphere, it is a proverbial that the surest way of gaining a superior acceptance of a new idea is to persuade them that it is his idea. Hello, this is something again. Maybe I should just start paying what is it? Paying royalties. I just own royalties to be it because leadership strategy and tackle, oh, that's just all in there. Let us make it their idea. As in war, the aim is to weaken resistance, before attempting to overcome it. And the effect is best attained by drawing the other party out of his defenses. Great. We're not attacking hardened positions. This idea of the indirect approaches closely related to all problems of the influence of mind upon mind. All problems of the influence of mind upon mind. All problems. Any time it's my mind against someone else's mind, this is where we need to go and direct. The most influential factor in human history. Yet it is harder reconcile with another lesson that true conclusions can only be reached or approached by pursuing the truth without regard to where it may lead or what its effect may be on different interests. So what do we say in there? And how are we saying? Wait a second. Wait a second. What shouldn't we be going after the truth? Like, isn't it the, look, if I'm working with Dave and I think my plan is better, well then I need to tell him that. That's the truth. The truth is my plan is better. And what's so hard about this is one of those universal things that pisses me off. I got you. There's no one that it's against all moly high ground to lie. Right? So the opposite of lying is what? Truth. Telling the truth. So if we're certain to think that this is not telling the truth and what do we do it? We must be lying. So how do we reconcile? That's what we say. How do we reconcile this? Wait, I have a different plan than Dave. I think my plan is better. I should tell him the truth. That's what I should do. I shouldn't lie to him. We're not talking all lying to him. Back to the book. History bears witness to the vital part that the prophets have played in human progress, which is evidence of the ultimate practical value of expressing unreservedly the truth is one sees it. Okay. So now we're going to get he's going to use the example, historical examples and there's countless of prophets. Someone that is a prophet that stands up and says this is the truth as I see it. And tells the truth. Yet it also becomes clear that the acceptance and spreading of their vision has always depended on another class of men. What's the other class of men? Leaders. Leaders who had to be philosophical strategists striking a compromise between truth and men's receptivity to it. So lately I've been saying a lot of what good is telling the truth if no one hears it or no one listens to you. If you stab somebody in the eye with the dagger of truth, what are they going to do? They're going to be pissed. They're going to lash out at you. They might even pull out a side arm and shoot you in the gut. But they definitely don't want to hear anything from it. And they'll do their best to pull that thing back out and stab you with it. So even made any progress at all. So that's what a prophet does. A prophet says this is the truth and they stab you in the eye with it. A leader has to find that compromise between telling the truth and getting people to actually listen to it. Their effect has often depended as much on their own limitations in perceiving the truth as on their practical wisdom in proclaiming it. So how are you going to tell the truth? Practical wisdom. How are you going to say? How are you going to say it? Where it'll actually be listened to? And then he goes on to say this, the prophets must be stoned. That is their lot. That is their test of their self fulfillment. What happens to the prophet? The prophet gets stoned. The prophet gets crucified. That's what happens. But a leader who is stoned may merely prove that he has failed in his function through a deficiency of wisdom or through confusing his function with that of a prophet. This is pure brilliance, by the way. This is absolute pure brilliance. So if you're that, if you're an leadership position and what you do is you start stabbing people with the dagger of truth in the neck and you think you're doing a good thing. Guess what? They're going to tackle you and they're going to stone you to death. They're going to execute you because you were stabbing people and it offended them and it hurt them and that you didn't convince anybody of anything. So sometimes you get a leader that's like, look, the truth is, listen, they're going to tell you the truth here. That's not good. It's not going to help you. It's crazy. You're like on page one. I know. I'll page one half. Yeah. I think the phrase that's been coming to mind a lot lately when you talk about this is a truth that it's imposed upon somebody compared to the truth that they discovered for themselves, the difference between those two. And I'm thinking of all the phrases that people use when they're going to reveal the truth. Let me stop you right there. Actually, like when you hear people prepping for the the direct assault, which is, I'm now going to let you know and even the preparation for that, just that phrase alone puts the other person in a position where all they want to do is defend themselves. And the words that come next, almost don't even matter because if I say, actually, Jaco, the reality is. The reality is. The first thing you do is is you mentally you are dug in. No matter how truthful I'm going to be after that, it's just the connection that he's making though, like the how universal that is to all interactions is just it's it's crazy listening to this and then the the application to every interaction you have. With every with if any human being and how instinctive it is to, I guess, tell the truth and how ineffective that way of thinking is if there's an outcome that you're trying to shape. Eko Charles, every ever seen the movie, Raiders of the Lost Ark. Yes, sir. Okay. So there's an arc, right? Our feet arc of the covenant. And I think the truth is kind of like that. If you reveal that truth in an improper way, people's faces are not enough. That's what happens. Yeah. So people treat the truth as if it's only benevolent as if it can only do good. But you gotta remember there's collateral that truth causes collateral damage and people don't pay attention to that. So when you start pulling off the lid, maybe you got to like, you got to prep people for it. You got to say, turn your eyes for a second here. There's going to be some bright lights. If you don't prep them for it and what what we want to do, what we want to do is we want them to reveal the truth themselves. That's what we really want. A really good leader. Look, a profit will show you the truth. Maybe you're getting melted. A really good leader. You somehow discover the truth. That means they showed it to you. But you're even out. So the whole expression, the truth hurts. You know that, that's because that's kind of common right? Truth. So would that be an indicator of maybe a profit or not the correct rate? That's profit all day long. Profit is like, look, look, I go, true, third, but I'm going to tell you something. You know what I mean? How how how how how open-minded are you when I get done with that statement? I would meet it with stubborn resistance check. And you know, we like to think that, you know, I really have a good relationship with someone. You know, great. There might be one person in your entire life that you can be like, hey, dude, that was jacked up and you're like, cool, got it. What adjustments to write it? There's one person in your life you can do that with. Yeah, it is maybe. Isn't that at the end of the day in a way the indirect approach anyway? Because you know, you say, okay, that one person. Yeah, but you know, why is that one person? Because you have this years and years and years and years and years of this indirect, you know, kind of approach or whatever end of the year. So you open up that little hole that, yeah, you have that direct line all day. Now, yeah, now he's at, yes, you are correct, even that approach. Because if you were to met that person day one three years ago and said, you know, I was looking at the video you made, I'm not feeling it. Actually, you know, the camera angles that you use kind of marginal, right? So these are five years of work in with you before I could be like, bra. The soundtrack. No, actually. You put a Christmas song in there. It was actually right away. Yeah. You're right. Back to the book. Time alone can tell whether the effect of such a sacrifice redeems the apparent failure as a leader that does honor to him as a man. So there's a chance that you could, you could present something in over time. People go, yeah, he was right. At the least, he avoids the more common fault of leader of leaders. That of sacrificing the truth to expediency without ultimate advantage to the cause. So occasionally a leader is like, you know what, we just need to tell the truth and you sacrifice it. It gets killed. It gets thrown away. And one of the books that I'm, or the podcast that I want to move to from this one, which I will get to and I'm not 100% sure when, but they got all these examples of problems in the military and military thinking. And one of the problems, and I forget the exact number, but there has been like 20 major advancements in naval warfare in the last 500 years. And every one of them was met with absolutely stiff resistance. No, not everyone in 17 of them were met with stiff resistance by all senior naval leaders in the world. You know, they started making ships from steel instead of what? And watch what like this is, Rio, you can't repair steel. We can need a well-drawn topic. They resisted, switching to the steam engine, switching to gas, which I reduce all, switching to like all the, every people resisted every one of these things, every one of them. Well, sorry, 17 out of 20 of great advancements. It happens all the time. Because somebody goes hard with the truth and people defend. They go in instant defense mode. So like, remember the movie are independent. No, no, Army getting. I don't think I ever actually saw it, but. It's too bad. It's good flick. Oh sure. I wasn't that up for several Oscars. Anyway, Armageddon, Bruce Willis. Oh, yeah. Asteroid coming in, right? What was the plan that won? Do you want to arm again? I did. Sorry, dude. Yeah. In dependency, I was, I was down in the middle of that. We're just culturally lost. It's okay. I'll explain to you. Asteroid coming in, right? World world ending asteroid global killer. So they're like, hey, let's just throw a blast it with nukes and blow it right out of the sky. Then the smart scientists is like, that's a bad idea. Everyone gets all mad, right? No, actually, we're going to you know, direct approach. Lunch nukes, right? Can't get anymore directed that. But the smart scientists said, nope, this is what you're going to do. You're going to go in there. You're going to drill a little hole. You're going to put a nuk in that hole. You're going to just nudge it just a little bit on the side. It's now that trajectory gets changed. Do you see what I'm saying? That was the smarter approach. Same thing, exactly right. Here I am going through historical books trying to figure this stuff out. I could figure it out with Armageddon. I get it on the Bruce Willis. Yeah, you don't go to bother with all this. Check. Back to the book. We good. Yes, Armageddon. Yeah. I'm just saying these ideas everywhere. You see them say we go bad. No. For whoever, habitually suppresses the truth. So this is where this is where you have to pay attention. Because again, it's not me lying to Dave and saying, well, actually, Dave, the timeline that's required for the plan, you, but we better use my plan. Whoever, habitually suppresses the truth in the interest of tact will produce a deformity from the womb of his thought. So you can't, you can't lie about what you're saying. You have to maintain, you have to maintain the truth, but you have to take an indirect approach. That's it. It's not a lie. It's an indirect approach bound to the truth. He explains it a little bit more. Is there a practical way of combining progress towards the attainment of truth with progress towards its acceptance? Is there a way to get Dave to think about my plan and utilize my plan with also doing it in a way that he is open to accept this idea? Is there a combination of those two things of telling Dave the truth about what I think of his plan? And at the same time, getting him to accept my opinion, that's what we want, right? A possible solution of the problem is suggested by reflection on strategic principles, which point to the importance of maintaining an object consistently and also of pursuing it in a way adapted to the circumstances. This seems so obvious is that we continue to focus on the right thing, but then we continue to move towards this objective but as circumstances change, we adjust, we maneuver. We say, oh yeah, there's a massive enemy location right here. Let's not continue in that direction. Let's go around it. Isn't it smart to do that with our ideas as well? It doesn't mean we abandon the objective. It doesn't mean we say, oh, we're going to change this objective or we're not going to continue to, it means we adjust our approach and maybe instead of going direct, we go indirect. Opposition to the truth is inevitable. That's a good thing to remember. Opposition to the truth is inevitable, especially if it takes the form of a new idea, but the degree of resistance can be diminished by giving thought not only to the aim but to the method of approach. Avoid a frontal attack in a long established position. Instead, seek to turn it by a flank movement so that the more penetrable side is exposed to the thrust of the truth. But in any such indirect approach, take care not to diverge from the truth. For nothing is more fatal to its real advancement than to lapse into the untruth. So for the people that commented when I talked about the indirect approach and we're like, oh, you're just going to lie to your people. No, no, we're not going to lie to our people. The truth is the objective, but we are going to adjust our approach so that we're not offensive to the individuals or the groups that we're talking to so that we don't cause them to put up a more stiff resistance to fight against our idea, to, to, for them to look at it as if it's not the truth. We're going to get a flank. That's what we're going to do. And then he goes on here and he says the meaning of these reflections may be made clearer by illustration from one's own experience. Looking back on the stages by which various fresh ideas gained acceptance, it can be seen that the process was eased when they could be presented, not as something radically new, but as the revival in modern terms of a time-honored principle or practice that had been forgotten. So here's is one of his little indirect approaches is to take a new idea and and camouflage it with an old idea. It's kind of like what the, what the Christians did with the Vikings. Right, Easter, you know, the term Easter and yes, it's a pagan thing, but we call it this a pagan word and it's a pagan ceremony. But the Christians were like, oh yeah, you can call the thing in the spring. We call that Easter. It's cool. It's about Christ rising, but we call it Easter. It's sort of a thing that you guys already do. They just kind of taken all the idea and rebrand it. That's actually what they did. Yeah, I think they did that with Christmas too. That was Christmas too. So that's what we're doing. We're kind of camouflaging this idea. So it's a little more open to it. Yeah, you know how you guys do the spring time thing and you guys celebrate birth, right? We had, you know, like a rebirth kind of co-brand that thing. We're good. It's kind of like your dog. Great. We can feed them the heart pills. Right, heart worm pills. Okay. You put it in a little, put a little piece of steak around that. Yeah, you know, like you've been eating this food this whole time. Yeah, yeah, yeah, just put the, put the heart worm pills in there. He goes, he goes on to say, here, this required not deception, but care to trace the connection. Since there is nothing new in this one. Right, you can always figure out something that ties into what you're doing. A notable example was the way that the opposition to mechanized mechanization was diminished by showing that the mobile armored vehicle, the fast moving tank was fundamentally the air of the armored horsemen and thus the natural means of reviving the decisive role, which cavalry played in past ages, which is what we call what do we call armored cavalry now? Why is that because people resist this tank? It's going to get stuck. It takes gas. I mean, the horse can go forever. You can eat off the land. How are you going to refuel these tanks? People just resisted that idea. Is this? And then it's like, oh no, no, this is the new cavalry. Okay, kind of cool. Then we're down. So what can you do is you try and convince people of ideas taking all my idea, repackage it. And it's true because there's no idea new ideas under the sun. It's not like you're lying to them. I don't know. Obviously, what's coming in terms of, you know, that how much detail is in and warling discuss, but even just even just the word the truth, how that's the, it's the topic that you're trying to get across. Yes. And even what that means, like, if I have an idea, that's different than me like trying to get you to understand some sort of like, hey, two plus two is four. And you're going to say no. Okay, as opposed to I think we should do this and the abandonment of that truth versus, all right, listen, I can't just walk up to Jack and go, hey, this is the new way we're going to do, it's all this problem. And even just the word truth has a connotation like I'm right in your wrong, as opposed to, hey, I'm trying to get you to see this a different way. And it might not end up exactly how I've drawn it out. Maybe my drawing is like ends up in 80% or whatever, but I could see people getting hung up the idea that I have to convince Jack of the truth, meaning I know the answer. He doesn't. And if he doesn't, then I've got to figure out how to, and maybe the fast way to just shove it in his face to go dude, this is what we're doing. As opposed to getting him to see that there might be another way of doing it, which is actually the truth, as opposed to, it has to be exactly my way. And if there's a mind field between you and me, I guess I could go into that mind field, but it's not going to help me get you to see something different. And he, I think, said the quote is, resistance to the truth is inevitable. Yeah, resistance to your ideas are inevitable. Yeah. So let's not, let's not pretend like you might be able to avoid that resistance, that mind field, that barrier, that wall, it is there. I just think the idea of the truth of us committing to, it is this way as opposed to, I want to think of something a different way. Yeah. No, that's a great point because what we're really, well, when we start talking about an in a leadership capacity, it becomes, hey, it's my idea. And as we were talking on EF online today, it's like, my assumption is that my idea is flawed. And I can present my idea to you, but I still presented as if not it's the truth, but it's an idea of a possibility. Now, what's interesting is what does that do to my idea? It makes it indirect totally. It makes it indirect. Me packaging the idea that I have as a possibility or as a thought or an idea for me, as opposed to this is the way we should do it. It makes it in indirect approach. And what we talked about today on EF online, I actually believe that. So I don't have to act. I don't have to pretend like, hey, I'm going to pretend like this isn't the best idea ever. And like Dave should just shut up and do it my way. I'm going to pretend that. So that way, it's a little more indirect. No, I actually think, this is my idea seems like a good idea, but there could be some holes punten to which is fine. I'm okay with that. So yeah, when we start talking about getting people's ideas and any time you, I mean, there's very few things that I actually hear something I've said early podcast is the amount of times that I say, Dave brought, listen, this is what we should do. The only reason I'm going to say that is if I am a 100% 100% convicted that I, and it, it, you probably have never even heard me say that because it's so rare. Now, look, there was times where in this EF team somebody wanted to do something that was bad. Oh, you want to, you want to set up on two sides of a road and ambush someone in the middle. Okay, so that means we're going to be shooting at each other. Like, this is bad. We do not want to do that. Of course, how often did guys present to plans to me like that? Almost never. So most of the time it was, you know, hey, think through that, but very rarely, very rarely do I have the approach that I actually know the capital T true. Right. So this is a very good point to make. You, you, whoever you aren't, you don't know the truth. Very seldom are you 100% convinced. Hey, my idea is the truth. Don't walk around with that attitude. It's not good. All right, we're getting into this next section here, which is called history as practical experience starts off by saying, fool, say that they learn by experience. I prefer to profit by others experience this famous saying quoted by Bismarck, but by no means original to him has peculiar bearing on military questions for this often been remarked that the soldier, unlike followers of other person professions, has but rare opportunities to practice his profession. Isn't that interesting? Look, you're in the military cool. You're a professional soldier. Awesome. How often do you actually get to do that job? The answer is not as often as a normal, not as often as a carpenter, not as often as a plumber, not as often as a software engineer. You might get to train for it. You might, but how often are you locked and loaded and in combat with someone else in the military? Back to the book. Indeed, it might even be argued that in a literal sense, the profession of arms is not a profession at all, but merely he casual employment. And paradoxically, that it's cease to be a profession when the soldier of fortune gave way to the professional soldier. When mercenary troops were employed and paid for the purpose of war, were replaced by standing armies which continued to be paid when there was no war. So if you're a mercenary, you'd be like, oh, there's a war over there, cool. I'm going to go do that. That's kind of like a plumber. Oh, there's a different war over here, cool. I'm going to go to that one. Oh, there's a different war over here, cool. That's a little bit more of an actual profession. You might end up in more combat in your life than if you're in a standing army. That's doing that job even when there's no war going on. This logical if somewhat extreme argument recalls the excuse often made in the past for paying officers a rate inadequate to live on and by some of those officers for doing an inadequate today's work, the contention being that the officers pay was not a working salary but a retainer paid to him for the benefit of having his services available in case of war. This reminds me of some of the information about the British army and how just the officers during certain phases were just actual aristocrats that had almost no interest in fighting wars and almost complete interest in going to the country club. Some of the, some of the biographies of some of the guys that led the Boor war were pretty embarrassing and then they showed up for the Boor war with pianos and just I think it's not crazy. If the argument that strictly there is no professional arms will not hold good in most armies today on the score of work, it is inevitably strengthened on a score of practice by the increasing for infrequency of wars. So there's less and less wars now. Are we then left with the conclusion that armies are doomed to become more and more amateurish in the popular bad sense of that much abused and misused word? So hey look, if you're in the military, you're not getting to fight all the time. Does that mean you become an amateur over time? For obviously even the best of peace training is more theoretical than practical and experience and you know what I like? Well the reason I wasn't going to do this section but guess what? It's the same thing with leadership. It's the same thing with leadership. You're in a leadership position. How often are you actually in a challenging situation? In leadership? How often do someone say hey boss, I'm not doing this. How often do someone say that I'm not working with that person like you you end up with combative situations but how often is that? Because normally people are hey yeah, yeah, God boss that sounds like a good plan. Like that's what you're normally getting. You're not normally as a leader. Hopefully you're not normally being combative. So it's the same thing. How do we train for that? Bismarck throws a different and more encouraging lead on the problem. It helps us to realize that there are two forms of practical experience, direct and indirect and that of the two indirect practical experience may be more valuable because it's infinitely wider. So look you can get that experience of dealing with a bad employee but how often do you actually deal with? How many Marines did you have to write up? Hardly any. Yeah, ever. I mean like how many seals that I have to write up? How many seals that I have to fire? When we're working with companies we work with companies with thousands of employees. The combative situations are much more rare than the day to day. Hey, this is what we're doing normal leadership. Yeah, and how often is the problem even as bad as you think it is? You know, when we'll get questions about how do I deal with the boss who wants my team to fail? When I say hey, if you really think about the problem, they're not, they're often not as bad or as significant and not of the magnitude that we even make it out to be. Even in the most active career, especially as soldiers career, the scope and possibilities of direct experience are extremely limited in contrast to the military. The medical profession has an assistant practice, right? They're doing a surgery a day, two surgeries a three surgeries a yet the greatest achievements in medicine and surgery have usually been due to the research worker and not to the general practitioner. Direct experience is inherently too limited a form to form a secure foundation for either theory or application. So if the only combat experience you're going to get is combat experience. You're going to be screwed. At the best, it produces an atmosphere which is value in drying and hardening the structure of our thought. If you only have a little bit of combat experience, that's what you become. If you don't open your mind up. If you only have a little bit of leadership experience, that's what happens when you get in the sealed teams. You know, we'd have on the job training leadership. That's how guys would become that's how they'd get their leadership training. Just by watching their platoon chief or their platoon commander. So if they weren't good, that bad example would dry and harden in their mind and become they way they would be too because they didn't open their mind up to different indirect experience. The greater value of indirect experience lies and it's greater variety and extent, right? History is universal, experience the experience, not of another, but of many others under manifold conditions. Boom. So we can learn about leadership from everywhere. Here we have the rational justification for military history. It's preponderant, practical value in the training and mental development of a soldier. But the benefit depends as with all experience on its breath, on how closely it approaches the definition quoted above and on the method of studying it. So we got to study and look the whole premise of this particular podcast is understanding human nature, is understanding leadership by understanding how people act in war. Why is that? Why don't we study a bunch of business cases? Well, because if you want to see human nature be revealed, you've got to put some pressure on it. You've got to put some, there's no better pressure. No better pressure than combat. Soldiers universally concede the general truth of Napoleon's much quoted dictum that in war, the moral is to the physical as three to one. Cool, yeah, we covered that on this podcast and all of Napoleon's maximums. But here we go. The actual arithmetic proportion may be worthless from morale as apt to decline if weapons be inadequate and the strongest will is a little use inside of a dead body. But although the moral and physical factors are inseparable and invisible, the same gains its immortal value because it expresses the idea of the predominance, the predominance of moral factors in all military decisions. So obviously it's not like, okay, here's the numerical. You have this much, you have this much physical situation, open the morale's three to one. That's not what we're talking about, but it's that idea. On them, constantly turns the issue of worn battle and in history of war, they form the more constant factors changing only in degree, whereas physical factors are fundamentally different in almost every war in every military situation. That's the important part of this. That's the important part of this. You've got the physical factors, right? The physical, but that changes. But what does and change? The history of war, they form more constant factors to green, changing only in degree. The physical factors go all over the place because we got machine guns, we got tanks, we got people with night vision, like it's, there's different physical things but the, but the human nature doesn't change. This realization affects the whole question of the study of military history for practical use. The method in the last few generations has been to select one or two campaigns and to study them exhaustively as means of developing both our minds and a theory of war. But the continual changes in military means from war to war and tail a grave danger, even a certainty that our outlook will be narrow and lessens f<|tl|>ious. In the physical sphere, the one constant factor is that means and condition are invariably inconsistent. So the physical stuff we can study it, like, okay, what, how did you maneuver in a situation? How did you, what weapons did you use over here? Well, guess what? You fast forward 30 years and we got different weapons. You fast forward six years and we go from no night vision to all night vision. So that's what we're studying. What are we looking at? In contrast, human nature varies but slightly in its reaction to danger, some men by race, by environment or by training may be less sensitive than others but the difference is one of degree, not fundamental. So people are people. The more localized the situation and our study, the more disconserting and less count-utable is such a difference of degree. It may prevent an exact calculation of the resistance which men will offer in any situation but it is not impaired. The judgment that they will offer less if taken by surprise than if they are on the alert. This is like, so it doesn't matter where you look in history. The person that's surprised to person, the person that's on alert, you're going to get the same almost the exact same reaction. Less if they are weary and hungry than if they are fresh and well fed. Look, we, then, we go back thousand years, two thousand years. Well fed troops that are well rested are ready to rock and roll. Weary, hungry, they're not. The broader, the, the broader, the psychological survey, the better foundation in a force for deductions. So you have to look throughout history and see all these different battles and see what the psychology of the soldiers and leaders was. The predominance of the psychological over the physical and its greater consistency point to the conclusion that the foundation of any theory of war should be as broad as possible. An intensive study of one campaign, a less based upon, a less based on extensive knowledge of the whole history of war is as likely to lead us into pitfalls as onto the peaks of military achievement. So if you just look at one campaign and that's where you base everything on your wrong. But if a certain effect is seen to follow a certain cause and a score or more cases in different epochs and diverse conditions, there is ground for regarding this cause as an integral part of any theory of war. You see something one time, it doesn't mean jack. If you see something four times but it's all in the same campaign and the same local and the same soldiers fighting against the same other soldiers, again it's a minimal. But when you take it over centuries or millennia and you see the same thing over and over again, maybe you should pay attention to that one. The thesis set forced in this book is the product of such an extensive examination. It might indeed be termed the compound effect of certain causes these being connected with my task of military editor for insecticolopedia or Britannica. For all I previously dealt in a various periods of military history according to my inclination, this task compelled a general survey of all often against my inclination. So he was the military editor for the insectolopedia or Britannica. You know what that is, echoed Charles? Of course, yes. I'm just saying, wait, you're millennial? No, I'm not. Jocco. Okay. Some people I bet a kid right now does not know what the insectolopedia Britannica was. When we were kids, that was kind of it, right? That was Google. That was Google. Yep. That was Google. Gotta go find the letter. Yes. Find. Yeah, I'm not spying. Boom. Pull it out. There you go. And there are some letters that were like two and one like Q and R. All right. Cool. We're good with that book. With that volume. So this guy was the editor and the military editor. And even though previously he would just kind of study what he wanted to study, but then all of a sudden he had to go back and study all these other things. And he starts seeing all these continual similarities through everything he's seeing. And here we go. He says in the survey, or even a tourist, if you will, has at least a wide perspective and at least take in the general live land where the minor knows only his scene. So if you if you study one war, one battle, and that's what you just go deep in that scene, you know a lot about that one scene, but the guy that's up an altitude, surveying all land. He's got the whole lay of the land. During this survey, one impression grew ever stronger that throughout the age of throughout the ages, decisive results in war have only been reached when the approach has been indirect. In strategy, the longest way round is apt to be the shortest way home. More and more clearly has the fact emerged that a direct approach to one's mental object, or physical objective. And he uses this term a lot as you're going to hear me read. He just calls something the object. We always call it the objective and he actually goes into like, why that's not a good word. So a lot of times you'll hear him say object. More and more clearly has the fact emerged that a direct approach to one's mental object or physical objective along the line of natural expectation for the opponent has ever tended to and usually produced negative results. So if you take that path, that's kind of expected. Chances are we're not going to work out well. The reason has been expressed vividly in Napoleon's dictum that the moral is to the physical is three to one. It may be expressed scientifically by saying that while the strength of an enemy country lies outwardly in its numbers and resources, these are equally dependent upon stability or equilibrium of control, morale, and supply. To move along the line of natural expectation consolidates the opponent's equilibrium and by stiffening it, augments his resisting power. I think that comment, the one you made just a minute to go that quote, the longest way around is the shortest way home. I think that's the piece that that for whatever reason I think we see is the most hard to accept that. And I think my point is probably better served by saying the opposite is also true. The shortest way around is the longest way home. If I just get to the point, I will get to the end faster. And the opposite is true. And just the willingness to recognize the more indirect I am. The longer this journey is to get this other person to see the truth, the faster this is going to be. And that's such a hard thing. I think for people to embrace, for example, you just said is the more you see me taking this direct path towards you, the more the more dug in you will become, because you see it coming. And what I'm doing is so much less important than how I am doing it that you won't hear anything, as I'm saying, any of the ideas that I'm offering or any of the truth that I'm delivering. And it will take me longer. And the, I'm a direct person. I have to tell the truth. That's just how I am the recognition that that is the longest way. And sometimes you'll never get there. Yep. Yeah. The way I often explain this to clients is I usually just preemptively say, I know what you're all thinking. You all are thinking, is that doesn't sound very efficient? It'd be much more efficient for me just to say, Dave, this is how we're doing it. He way more efficient to do that. And it's just, like you said, it's just so hard to realize that that's the longest way home. That's the longest way home. The line I just read to move along the line of natural expectation. That's the shortest route. Consolidates the opponents equilibrium. So when you, when you are going where they expect you to go, that's where they put their defenses. That's what happens. That's why in Fujitsu, you have to mess with their balance. You have to come from a different angle. And by stiffening it, augment its resisting power, by the way. Because when you know where I'm coming at you from, you are ready to fight. And you know what to do to fight. In war, as in wrestling, the attempt to throw the opponent without loosening his foothold and balance can only result in self-exhaustion, increasing in disproportionate ratio to the effective strain put upon him. Victory by such a method can only be possible through an immense margin of superior strength in some form and even so tends to lose decisiveness. So if we're wrestling, which let's face it, we're wrestling. If what we do is attempt a take down with no setup or attempt a submission with no setup, it doesn't work. It doesn't work. Like we're training with Carrie today. Carrie's a white belt, right? Guess what? He's a white belt been trained for a year. If you grab his arm, you're not going to get it. You're not going to get it. You have to do something else. You have to set him up even a white belt in Fujitsu. In contrast, an examination of military history, not of one period, but of its whole course, brings out the point that in almost all the decisive campaigns, the dislocation of the enemy psychological and physical balance has been vital to a successful attempt at his overthrow. Dislocation uses that word a lot. Dislocation. Putting people off balance, getting the getting in their head. Not letting them, well, I guess it's the true opposite of consolidation of equal in real. Like here I am, I'm stable. Oh, dislocated. Now I'm not where I want to be. This dislocation has been produced by a strategic and direct approach. Intentional or fortuitous. Sometimes people just accidentally end up off balancing somebody cool. It may take varied forms as our analysis reveals for the strategy of the indirect approach is inclusive of but why and but wider than the maneuver sir, sir, lay, dairy, air. Which is French. Don't want to be human to try, but it means maneuver behind someone. Which general came in's research is showed as being the constant aim and key method of Napoleon in his conduct of operations. While came in was concerned primarily with the logistical moves, the factors of time, space and communications. This analysis seeks to probe deeper into psychological foundations and in doing so finds an underlying relationship between many strategic operations which have no outward resemblance to a maneuver against the enemy's rear yet are. Nonetheless, definitely vital examples of the strategy of the indirect approach. So sometimes it doesn't look like what you're doing is an indirect maneuver, but it is. To trace this relationship and determine the character of operations is not necessary and is indeed irrelevant to tabulate the numerical strengths and detail the details of supply and transport are concerned as simply with historical effects in a comprehensive series of cases and with the logistical or psychological moves which led up to them. If similar effects follow fundamentally similar moves in conditions which vary widely in scale, nature and date, there's clearly an underlying connection from which we can logically deduce a common cause and the more widely the conditions vary the firmer of this conduction, this deduction and what he's saying there is look when you take a bunch of examples over time throughout history, it becomes really clear that this isn't just a fluke, this is the reality of the situation and that's so so here's what we're going to do. So this guy is a historian and the next giant chunk of these books is he goes historical. What was that book we read in the book where people went statistical? Oh yeah, that's right. It was one of those world war II things. Somebody went statistical. The officer went statistical law and he started telling me about how long officers were living. He said the average officer is living about 5,5 hours up there. Good luck. He went statistical law me. What B.A.S. LeDell Hart does he goes historical? And he goes from the 5th century to the 20th century. He goes from the Greek wars, the Roman wars, the Byzantine wars, the medieval wars, the 17th century, the 18th century, the French Revolution, Napoleon, he gets to the first world war, the second world war, and he goes through just detailed battles and talks about the indirect approach. And what we're going to do is we're actually going to bypass those and there's a couple of reasons why. Number one, get the books. Get the books. Number two. This is what we do all the time on this podcast. This is actually what we do all the time on this podcast. We talk about Napoleon. We talk about his person Russia. We talk about World War I. We talk about World War II. We talk about Vietnam. We talk about Korea. And we've seen and pointed out the indirect strategy all the time. All the time. That's what we do. We how do I usually talk about it? The flank. This is what we talked about maneuver warfare. This is what this is about. This is what this whole podcast is about. It's these historical lessons. And B.A. LeDell Hart. He serves them up for us in this book. So, so if you want to get those, who knows, maybe one day we'll jump into these. But if you want to jump into them, get the book. Get the book strategy by B.A. LeDell Hart. You can get in-depth on these things. But what I want to do is I want to kind of jump ahead to his book strategy where he goes into the theory of strategy. And he starts off by saying having drawn our conclusions from analysis. Oh, by the way, the analysis that he's talking about that he draws conclusion from is like 315 pages. So this is no, this is when he's talking about, oh, what? You need to study all these different eras. He does it. And points out the indirect approach and how it wins every single time. Even if it was by accident, it's what makes us win. He says, having drawn our conclusions from analysis of history, it seems advantageous to construct on the fresh foundation of a new dwelling house for the strategic thought. So he's looked at all these things that have happened. And we got to kind of get, we kind of got to hit the reset button. He says, let us first be clear on what is strategy. Clouds fits in his monumental work on war, defined it as the art of the employment of battles as a means to gain the object of war. In other words, strategy comes strategy forms the plan of war maps out the proposed course of the different campaigns which compose the war and regulates the battles to be fought in each. Now, this is probably since episode 7 of this podcast, people have been okay, you can do classmates, you can do classmates on war, hey, you can do one more. And there's a couple of reasons why I haven't done it yet, and I'm sure we will, and I owe it to military history to do it. But there's a couple of reasons. One reason it's like kind of, it's such a popular one, that's hey, you know what, that's right out there, is it really the first one I want to hit? I'd rather hit some other strategic ideas. I mean, I guess I did do Sun Siwon war. So this is one of the excuse, maybe? I've always known that classmates, or I always felt that classmates, you know, respect, respect, classmates, we're giving him respect. By the way, here's why this, classmates is no just hey military theorist, right? This is a guy that sat in a ivory tower and fought about war. He entered the military at age 12 as a Lance Corporal. You know what I'm saying? Like this is no joke. fought in the Ryan campaigns, fought in the Napoleonic Wars, went to the military academy at Berlin, worked for Sean Horses, who I've talked about a bunch on this podcast because when it comes to maneuver warfare, he's kind of that guy in the beginning that lost with the press normie to Napoleon at the Battle of Jenna. And when he did, he looked around and said, what the hell just happened and realized there was some decentralized, some indirect warfare going on and started kind of making that. Well, well, CrossFit's kind of was under his wing. And then when the Prussians made an alliance with Napoleon, CrossFit's was like no, and he joined the Imperial Russian army. And then when they broke up that alliance, he went back to the the Prussian army. It was a Chief of Staff of three Corps and just battles, Napoleonic battles at the Battle of Waterloo. He was in that campaign. He was preventing some of Napoleon's reinforcements and showing up, which obviously caused the problem. When back was an instructor at the then the director of the military academy at Berlin, and by the way, this whole time he's writing down what his thoughts are. And then he ended up dying of color before he had these before he was able to complete his works. And really before you might say, and LaDelle Hart kind of makes the assumption that he was kind of heading in a different direction. So he's respectful but critical of CrossFit's, that's kind of, that's, I don't want to say that's the way I've always felt, but I kind of have always felt that way a little bit. I don't know, maybe that's because I'm a little bit of a contrarian, but maybe more than that, CrossFit says things that I go, really, really. And by the way, the CrossFit's mentality is kind of what brought us to World War I. And that mentality of mass, which is what it is, premier, a principles, is like, hey, we're going to get, I have more people than you, I'm going to win, which as we know, when we compare that to the, principles behind light infantry, it's not what we're looking for. There's also a connection in there too, even between what was talking about earlier, between the physical and the moral of these physical attributes. And they vary from campaign to campaign, which is part of the reason why you don't want to overreact to the less, the physical lessons of a particular campaign, because even as simple as like desert warfare versus jungle warfare, those lessons, forwarding rivers, those are physical lessons, and then they're not that they're invaluable, but the physical principles of mass or those components are less important. Now, one of that, the other, you have to have them both, but I was even just sitting here thinking of when Tom Fif was here, who's talking about World War II, Korean Vietnam, not from historical standpoint, but actually a participant standpoint. But the lessons he was talking about, he didn't spend a bunch of time on World War II we were dealing with this physical environment. It was the universal, the universal nature of his lessons were take care of your people. I'm going to tell you how to look, if I listen to you on this podcast, read, that the fundamental principle of leadership in success and battle was taking care of your people. I'm looking at about face as I'm looking at hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of pages, and he probably has a whole bunch of physical lessons. And it's not to say that those aren't important, but those are never the ones that the leaders really, when they're talking about the lessons they learn and that moral component, I'm just using moral to use the same language. It's the human nature piece like you were talking about, and how much more important that is. And I remember even in getting a master's degree was, was cost with sort of central to the strategic studies, and there's a physical focus on that. And the principle of his master's a great example. And listen, I would love to go to war with an advantage in master every time. That'd be awesome. But we know that that's not the deciding factor. We know that. Interestingly, as you pointed to about face, there's one book that we haven't covered on this podcast by Colonel David Hackworth, which you would think would be just like prime. It's called Vietnam, Vietnam primer. And Vietnam primer is a book to get you ready to go to Vietnam. And it literally shows like, hey, here's how far out you should put your clay more. It's, it's just, we could cover it. I'm sure we could, we could get some lessons from it. But compared to about face, not even close. Here's the other thing that's interesting. Is that cover move, right? Cover move the first law of combat leadership. If you're in the jungle, you better cover move. If you're in the desert, you better cover move. If you're doing a river crossing, you better cover move. If you're doing an assault, you better cover move. If you're in an airplane, if you're in an airplane, at 38,000 feet, AC kicking, you better cover move. So that's, I think what was weird for me was as like cover move, and that's another thing. Cover and move. Cover and move. Movement. You win by maneuver. You don't win by sitting still. And when you start talking about classmates and mass, it's like, we're here. Yeah. So that's again, I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to like get crazy and to talk smack about classmates. Like I said, if you were a Lance Corporal at age 12, I salute you, and I will listen to what the hell you have to say 100%. But I will not, I will question anybody. I question, I question hack worth. Read my opening. Like, there's like, hey man, guy was not perfect. I mean, he's, he, you use him as the prime example of a lesson we teach in business all the time is if you lose your influence, and he and, and probably the most influential figure in your life as a leader is still your prime example of what not to do in a particular situation. So I think the contrarian component of it is, is important. What, what, what, crosswords is awesome, on war is awesome. There's a bunch of good stuff in there too. For sure. And I know that you're saying that, but just a link it back to that conversation and the human nature component and thinking about the director approach and thinking of human nature. If you just thought before you took the director approach and anything, how would I react to someone doing that to me? 99% of the director, and 99% of the director's assaults would go away. If you could just take that perspective on it, unless you lied to yourself, seriously. Yeah. Like, unless you lied to yourself, which many, many, many people will do, which is, maybe I just want Dave just to come up. Hey, if I'm wrong, just come and tell me. Yeah. Like, if you lied to yourself, then you, you probably just keep taking the director approach all the time. Yeah, which is not going to work out. And if you're, if you're the person that prides themselves in listening to other people's director's assaults on you, there's high risk through that you are lying to yourself. Check. All right. Back to the book. One defect of this definition that was the definition of of strategy, which was the art of employment of battles as means to gain the object of war. So that's Karlswitz's definition. One defect of this definition is that it intrudes on the sphere of policy or the higher conduct of war, which must necessarily be the responsibility of government and not of military leaders. It employs as its agents in the executive control of operations. So he's, he's going to go through this, but there's, you know, you know, we say all the time, you can have things to teach you all the time. That's what he's about to about to address 14 different ways. And he's going to actually go into a chapter, I don't know if we'll get there today, but there's a higher level strategy called Grand Strategy. And so he's thinking Grand Strategy policy. Another defect is that it narrows the meaning of strategy to the pure utilization of battle, thus conveying the idea that battle is the only means to the strategic end. It was an easy step for Karlswitz less profound disciples to confuse the means with the end and to reach the conclusion that in war, in every, in war, every other consideration should be subordinated to the aim of fighting a decisive battle. So, so think about that. That's your attitude is like, hey, the whole purpose of strategy is to engage in decisive battle. That's what we're doing. So then what are you doing in World War I? You put more people on the line and you put more people on the line and you put more people on line. You send another battalion, another brigade, another division over the top. That's what you do. And there's people that lead like this in companies and organizations and their families, and the way they lead is by trying to win battles. That's the way they lead. And the commitment that every argument is a decisive battle that has to be won. And not being able to recognize, and I think, I think he called them like inflection points or something along the lines of the recognition of, this is where it, this is decisive. And being able to recognize what an inflection point is in combat. As opposed to like every engagement is not an inflection point. It's not a decisive point and being able to recognize where those points are. And fighting those, as opposed to every single engagement, you mean the idea of picking your battles? Hey, pick your battles. Who's been told that before? Yeah. Hey, pick your battles. Comments seems like such common sense and yet all the time people look at every discussion, argument, contention as the decisive battle for their echo. Yeah. Relation of policy to break down the distinction between strategy and policy would not matter much if the two functions were normally combined in the same person as with Frederick or Napoleon. But, but as such, autocratic soldier rulers have been rare in modern times and became temporarily extinct for the 19th century. The effect was in city, it's the harmful for it encouraged soldiers to make preposterous claim that policy should be subservient to their conduct of operations. And especially in democratic countries, it drew statesmen onto overstep the definite border of his fear and interfere with his military employees and the actual use of their tools. So there's gotta be a line between these two things. And we gotta stay in our lanes a little bit. Hey, here's the policy. How do you want to execute it? Hey, here's the resources I need. Oh, don't know change your policy. Molky reached a clearer and wiser definition in terming strategy quote, the practical adaptation of the means placed at a general's disposal to the attainment of the object in view. Molky is another Prussian guy chief general in the 1860s and he's the guy that kind of I would say he had that the idea of the making sure you have an overall objective. I make sure that people understand what the overall objective is. The German word, Alph-Trog-Stactic. No. Overall objective. This definition fixes the responsibility of a military commander to the government by which he is employed. His responsibility is that of applying most proactively to the interest of higher war policy, the force allowed it to him within the theater of operations assigned to him. If he considers that the force allowed it is inadequate for the task indicated, he is justified in putting this out. And if his opinion is overruled, he can refuse or resign the command. But he exceeds his rightful sphere if he attempts to dictate to the government what measure force should be placed at his disposal. So like I said, there's a line here that he's talking about. On the other hand, the government which formulates war policy and has to adapt to it to conditions which often changes a war progresses can rightly intervene in the strategy of a campaign not merely by replacing a commander in whom it is lost confidence but by modifying his object according to the needs of its war policy. While it should not interfere with him and handling of his tools, it should indicate clearly the nature of his task. Thus strategy has not necessarily the simple object of seeking to overthrow the enemy's military power. When a government appreciates that the enemy has the military superiority, either in general or in a particular theater, it may be wise to enjoy a strategy of limited aim. Before I get into limited aim, let's tie this back to corporate leadership and business leadership. What are you doing if you're in charge? To make sure that you are empowering your subordinate leaders to make things happen. And not saying, hey, here's exactly how I want you to do it. Here's what I want you to do with your team. Here's what I want you to do with your tools. Here's how that's when you're crossing the line. You shouldn't have to do that. You shouldn't have to have those conversations. We should be able to say, hey Dave, this is what we're trying to make happen. How do you want to do it? And Dave, who's on the front line, says, hey boss, here's what I'm thinking. It looks good. Go execute. And by the way, Dave might come back saying to hey boss, we can't do that. Unless you give me some more resources. And I say, hey, it's all we got. Sorry. And you say, what we need to come back then, or we need to not do this market area, because we don't have the resource. We need to, okay, cool. Or maybe I say, well, I think it's just because you suck. You're fired echo. You got the con. Yeah. So let's make sure that we delineate the roles and responsibilities clearly enough that we know what what we're trying to do up and down the chain of command. Now to get back to this point of strategy of limited aim, he goes into it a little bit here. This is the strategy of limited limited limited aim. It may desire to wait until the balance of force can be changed by the intervention of allies or by the transfer of forces from another theater. It may desire to wait or even limit its military effort permanently while economic or naval action decides the issues. It may calculate that the overthrow of the enemy's military power is a task definitely beyond its capacity and not worth the effort. And that the object of its war policy can be assured by seizing territory, which it can either retrain, retain, or use as a bargaining counter when peace is negotiated. So right, every one of those things is indirect. It's a limited aim. It's like, oh, you know what? I wanted to kick Dave's ass. But he's way bigger and way better at jujitsu than I thought he was. So you know what I'm going to do? I'm on a like say, hey, man, instead of what us fighting, why don't I buy you a hamburger? And we'll talk about some stuff. And what you know what I'm saying? Like it's a different, it's just taking a different approach. It's totally different approach. We know what? I think Dave can actually kick my ass. Echo is going to be hearing about 30 minutes. Echo is bigger and stronger than Dave. He's been training more than just so I'm going to wait till hey, hey Dave, you might have to wait. I'd rather have you roll with Echo. Right, so I'm bringing in some reinforcements. That's the strategy of limited, limited aim. Such a policy has more support from history than military opinion has recognized and is less inherently a policy of weakness than some apologists. And, by so just because I say, you know what Dave, I'm not really looking to roll with your way to let go gets here. That's not necessarily weak. In fact, it might be smarter. In fact, if I think you can beat me and I'm pretty sure you're going to beat me, it's way smarter for me to wait till Echo shows up to kick your ass. It isn't indeed bound up with the history of the British Empire and repeatedly proved a life buoy to Britain's allies as well as of the permanent benefit to herself. However, unconsciously followed, there's ground for inquiry, whether this conservative military policy does not deserve to be accorded a place in the theory of the conduct of war. So how often did Britain go, you know what? Maybe we don't want to fight that war. Maybe we want to give that up. Maybe we want to give that area. Maybe we need it's bargain and move into an area that we know we can take and then we'll negotiate for it back later. The more usual reason for adopting a strategy of limited aim is that of awaiting a change in the balance of force waiting till Echo shows up. A change often sought and achieved by draining the enemies' force weakening him by tricks instead of risking blows. What if, well, you know what? Hey, Dave, I don't, you know, I don't really want to roll today. Echo is going to be here in a little while, but while you're waiting, launch a roll a couple rounds with Kerry and launch a roll a couple rounds with Dean and then so here you are fighting all these battles by the time Echo Charles shows up fresh. He's just had a discipline go. He's ready to rock and roll your tired, your nine rounds deep. That's my, that's a great plan. Great plan. So I weakened you by tricks instead of risking blows. The essential condition of strategy, such a strategy is that the drain on him should be disperse portionetly greater than all oneself because I was sitting over on the corner keeping time. That's what I was doing while you were rolling with guy after guy after guy. I'm keeping track of time for you. The object may be sought by rating his supplies by local attacks, which annihilator and flick disperse portionet loss on parts of his force by lowering him into unprofitable attacks, by causing an excessively wide distribution on his force and no least by exhausting his moral and physical energy. This is like the exact example, right? I don't think I can kick your ass, but you know what, Echo is going to be here in a little while and in the meantime, I'm going to entice, I'm going to go, hey, hey Dean, go get a couple rounds. Go, go, go get a couple rounds of Dave, boom, and just rough you up and going to hit you with a couple different people by the time Echo shows up, no factor. That's what I'm doing. Yeah, and I'm also thinking of just the idea of even going to war with the American military and most of our opponents, certainly more recent history, the aim wasn't to destroy the American military. It was to make those series of little tricks over time become intolerable where we are no longer willing to have these little successive losses. So we're not going to have that decisive campaign at all because you made this intolerable for me and that connection of policy too. We talked about that all the time of, you know, the will, you know, somebody's will to be doing that as, hey, I don't want to keep doing this over and over again. These small little things, these little, those things add up over time, as opposed to like somehow the objective is we're going to have a force on force, you know, culminating event between some military and the American military, which, which, again, generically speaking, nobody wants that. We want to have a decisive engagement with the American military. So we're going to do some other things instead and make that intolerable for us. Which, by the way, we suck in many areas of this, the United States in general, think of the propaganda damage that gets done to us on a regular basis that has been done to us on a regular basis, basically since Vietnam. Anytime we get into, I mean, anytime we get into a conflict now, the propaganda that is used to turn us against ourselves and this country is, it's, it's crazy how effective it is. You, you look at the Vietnam War, it's crazy how effective they were at turning Americans against Americans in that war. Yeah. Back to the book. This closer definition, Sheds light on the question previously raised of a General's Independence in carrying out his own strategy inside his theater of operations. For if the, for if the government has decided upon a limited aim or grand strategy, the general who, even within his strategic fear seeks to overthrow the enemy's military power, may do more harm than good to the government's war policy. So what is that saying? That saying like, I got Dave out there. He's super aggressive and he's like, you know what I'm going to, I'm going to take this whole area. And meanwhile, I'm thinking, Dave, don't take that whole area, then we're going to have to occupy it. I don't have the people to occupy it. And now we're going to cause more problems. So just because you're winning doesn't mean you're winning. Yeah. Usually a war of limited aim, a war policy of limited aim imposes the strategy of limited aim. And a decisive aim should only be adopted with the approval of the government, which alone can decide whether it is worth the candle. Old school expression. I didn't really know what it meant. I had to look it up. Worth the candle means we're going to do something is what we're doing worth the candle, that the light it's going to take to for us to be able to do whatever we're doing. Yeah. Because it weren't the candle. Like we're going to, oh, we got some work to do tonight. Cool, light the candle. But how much are we really going to get done? It's not worth the candle. It's back in the day. Kind of like it's the juice worth the squeeze. Exactly. We can now arrive at a shorter definition of strategy as quote, the art of distributing and applying military means to fulfill the ends of policy and quote. For strategy is concerned not merely with the movement of forces as it rolls off and defined, but with the effect. When the application of the military instrument merges into actual fighting the dispositions for and control of such direct action are termed tactics. The two categories of low convenient for discussion can never be truly divided into separate compartments because each, not only influences but merges into the other, which is why leadership strategy in taxes is called leadership strategy and tactics. Kind of convenient that it worked out that way. But listen, here's what's important. Is what we're doing? It doesn't matter. What matters is how it ends up. What matters is the strategic effect. That's why we have to think strategic all the time. That's what we need to do. Next section, higher or grand strategy. As tactics in, as tactics is an application of strategy on a lower plane, so strategy is an application on a lower plane of grand strategy. So he goes to one level up, a whole other thing. We got tactical, we got operational, he isn't really talking about operational. That must be a modern thing. Tactical, operational, strategic and then grand strategy. While practically synonymous with policy, what was your, would you study in college? Policy. Thanks, what's up, man? You want to chime in a little bit. I do. Let's know. You're rolling, man. But I mean, there's so much class was he and stuff in there. But the previous comment, it was, as I'm thinking of sort of like the business alignment of this, this military concept is, how often are we engaged in tactical battles that don't promote or support the strategic goal? And I think it was, I think it was the debris podcast, but you said this is, if what you were doing, if the tactical engagement you're in supports the big picture strategy, it's not tactical, it's strategic. And if it doesn't, it's tactical and you're engaged, you shouldn't be doing it. Like how often do we dig in on these these small things that even then the end, if we win, don't reinforce the big picture goal, the objective. And how often do I on with my team, the marketing team dig in on how I want to do this, this thing and I'm going to fight with the, the sales team over resources and supplies and equipment and priority that don't actually help the company, the company achieve some sort of success. I'm being able to look at that as a leader and go and, A, A, listen, this doesn't matter. This, we don't need to dig in here, let them have this, we're playing the longer game here because what we want is the company to win. And how hard it is for us to decouple this idea that every battle is a strategic, it's not very few of my career. Absolutely. For the role of grand strategy, higher strategy is to coordinate and direct all the resources of a nation or band of nations towards the attainment of a political object of the war, the goal defined by fundamental policy. Grand strategies should both calculate and develop to economic resources and manpower of nations in order to sustain fighting services also the moral resources. For the foster, the people's willing spirit is often as important as to possess more concrete forms of power, which is why you need to pay attention to what's going on in your country when it comes to propaganda that's being used against you. Grand strategy too should regulate the distribution of power between the several services and between the services and industry. Moreover, fighting power is but one of the instruments of grand strategy, which should take account of and apply the power of financial pressure, diplomatic pressure, commercial pressure and least of ethical pressure to weaken the opponent's will. A good cause is a sword as well as armor. Likewise, shivalry in war can be a most effective weapon in weakening the opponent's will to resist as well as augmenting moral strength. This is why we always say take the high ground of the high ground. Take the high ground of the good causes as a sword as well as armor. When you give up the high ground, when you get down into the mud and I think there's a quote, you references when you get down into the mud, you're not getting muddy because somebody's throwing mud at you is because you went down there and how hard it is once you've got up the high ground to get back up onto the high ground. When you give that up, back to the book further more while the horizon of strategy is bounded by the war. Grand strategy looks beyond the war to the subsequent peace. It should not only combine the various instruments but so regulate their use as to avoid damage to the future state of peace for its security and prosperity. The sorry state of peace for both sides that is followed most wars can be traced to the fact that unlike strategy, the realm of grand strategy is for the most part Terra in Kognita. Still awaiting exploration and understanding that means unknown territory. So this is this is beyond thinking strategic and it's kind of the way we turn thinking strategic you know if you and I have a relationship and I'm going to bark in order you where does that get me? Even if you do that thing where does it put us in the future? How is our relationship? If we have a client and we decide you know what we're going to bill them anyways even though they didn't you know they didn't participate but we're going to bill them anyways. How's that gonna work out for us to cool? We get a little bit more money right now. How does that how does that affect us in a year when that client needs help? So the grand strategy looks beyond the war to subsequent peace. How often are we doing that? Looking further in the future. Goes into pure or military strategy. Having cleared the ground we can build up our conception of strategy on its proper plane and original basis that of the art of the general. Strategy depends for success first and foremost, first and foremost, first sorry first and most on a sound calculation and coordination of the ends and means of the end and means. The end must be proportioned to the total means and the means used in gaining each intermediate end which contributes to the ultimate must be proportioned to the value and the needs of that intermediate end whether it be to gain an objective or fulfill a contributory purpose and excess may be as harmful as a deficiency. So that's first of all that's a freaking run on sentence but what's the second fall? But second of all it's important because what he's saying is you should constantly be assessing if if the juice is worked the squeeze you should constantly be saying like listen we're going to put this much effort towards this client or going to put this much effort towards this relationship we're going to put this much effort towards this team who's we don't know how they're going to do so you constantly have to check yourself if the end that you're going towards is your investment worth it. What's the ROI? And by the way spending too much it can be as bad as not spending enough totally and and spending a much to to win a particular battle or win a particular war but you spent so much that you look around and go well that was not the juice wasn't worth the squeeze wasn't worth the candle yeah what are we accomplished and that that next level up to grand strategy and of course I think the connection he's making is on this large scale man I literally took a class called American grand strategy and the military is a is a component of all these other things you named a bunch of them diplomatic you know uh uh uh eacon obviously it's a whole bunch of different tools that are inside there that are actually you know they're all connected but the military is one arm of that one of many of course you're in uniform you think the whole world of all's round military power we know we say it all the time we know that's not true but an example that you use we all the time and in just trying to explain this idea of utilizing resources and making decisions when you talk about means our means everybody has limited means we don't have unlimited means or unlimited resources and if I'm looking at this particular area that I want to open up a shop here open up a couple of locations and this physical you know this geographic area to compete with our uh competitors and I take all of my resources every penny I've got every tool I've got and I get in there co-baker go home that's right and in the end we get in there we get in that region and I don't know it doesn't quite work out or even if it does but we now have no other tools and resources do anything else the larger piece that is the strategy isn't to get into that area the strategy is actually to make our company stronger and that limited understanding or that understanding being limited of hey we're here to take over this region if that is not connected to the company being successful that larger piece of it all the all the means are all the resources to getting into that area they don't help you. It's a waste you burn that candle yeah yeah and you know what's interesting is from a leadership this is a total this is a leadership capital discussion right it's hey is it worth me expanding this leadership capital on getting gave to follow my order on getting gave to you know pick up a client that I know is going to be painful and I'm forcing them to do it and whatever whatever the case may be is it worth that leadership capital we we have to weigh that out and you know when you were talking about oh we got the the diplomatic we got the the commercial pressure the financial pressure the ethical pressure all those things and the military's part of that guess what in from a leadership perspective the military thing is hey this is my rank I outrank you and we're just going to go by force that's what course that should be there's six seven eight twelve other components that I can utilize as a leader to make something happen and the worst one to use the one that cost me the most leadership capital is the military one which is my rank which is hey on the boss you should you listen to me to to compel someone through the threat of force as you're only tool to get them to comply the threat of force and even you know the the the moral high ground I mean how convenient would it be if you and I are in a situation looking at something and mine was the moral approach and yours is the immoral approach which requires no money no time no resources no equipment to go oh you know I hey listen if we do this we take the if we take the unethical and we get found out and someone just goes oh hey man you're right you know you look listen man I was you're right we we need to do just we just need to do the right thing here the the the strategic win from that alone or the obstinate of the spectrum the military end is I come I threw force and demand and through risk of of destruction yeah is how I'm getting you to to behave in a way that helps the team yeah I've got this quote later on and I don't even remember where I got the quote from but I talked about on this podcast maybe I talked about it in your phone line it's it's something along the lines of cool you win and now you're in charge of a wasteland great oh yeah you won the war cold now you have burnt scorched earth that's what you have cool good job what did you win nothing yeah back to the book a true all this is a true adjustment would establish a perfect economy of force in the deeper sense of that off distorted military term so all the time we heard the term you know economy of force but because of the nature and uncertainty of war and uncertainty increased by lack of scientific study even the greatest military ability could not achieve a true adjustment and success lies in the closest approximation to the truth again his use the word truth is a little bit is a little bit broad but what he's talking about is like how much should I apply to this how much force should I apply we want to apply the minimum force required but we're not going to be perfect with that so we want to get his closest we can this relativity is inherent because however our knowledge and of the science of war be extended it will depend on the art for its application art cannot only bring the end near to the means but by giving a higher value to the means and enable the end to be extended this complicates calculation because no man can exactly calculate the capacity of human genius and stupidity nor the incapacity of will so there's all these things that we have to account for as leaders you know and we're and we're not going to get it perfectly right but how close can we get it? Next section elements and conditions in strategy however calculation is simpler and a closer approximation to truth possible than in tactics so this is a very interesting point it's easier to calculate big broad strategic things because you're a little bit further away from the human component for an war the chief and calculs is human will which manifests itself in resistance which in turn lies in the province of tactics strategy has not to overcome resistance except from nature its purposes to diminish the possibility of resistance and it seeks to fulfill this purpose by exploiting the elements of movement and surprise now that's cool and everything I would say that there's definitely that's a stretch because we've seen collect the collective will of a people change the outcome of strategic situations for sure so even though I said hey it's it's closer to it still can have a huge impact I mean look at Vietnam it was like oh well we can beat them because we can kill 150 Vietnamese soldiers and via Kong soldiers for every one of our people that killed so well win no actually we won't win because guess what the act their collective will is freaking incredibly strong yeah but movement and surprise movement lies in the physical sphere and depends on calculation of the conditions of the time topography and transport capacity by transport capacities meant both of both the means by which and the measure in which force can be moved to maintain okay so there's the physical sphere sphere of movement surprise lies in the psychological sphere and depends on a calculation of far more difficult than in the physical sphere of the manifold conditions varying in each case which are likely to affect the will of the opponent so you got two things you've got movement and you've got surprise this is how we're gonna kind of win this is how we're gonna win by movement and surprise movement physical surprise psychological although strategy may a more at exploiting movement than at exploiting surprise or conversely the two elements react on each other so even though they're different spheres they're still closely woven together movement generates surprise and surprise gives impetus to movement so this is jujitsu right if you surprise somebody they have to react to it so you can make someone move by surprising them with something for a movement which is accelerated or changes its direction inevitably carries with it a degree of surprise even though it be concealed while surprise smooths the path of movement by hindering the enemies countermeasures and counter movements so if I surprise you don't on time to react to you're not defending it yeah this obviously not something this guy was thinking about when I think about flying and stealth airplanes the psychology of that is what I what I have discovered and it's true not just an airplane and true in every situation more often than not people's reaction to being surprised is not the right reaction they don't usually react well even when they react it's still like an overreaction under reaction think about how you react it when you're surprised are those usually like good smooth effective responses 100% yeah all the time and when when you look at stealth airplanes the advent of Americans showing up with stealth airplanes and and sort of the culminating event really was in desert storm when nobody even knew we had them and all of a sudden stealth airplanes are over bad dad dropping bombs and the Iraqis didn't under they did not understand what was happening and the reaction was obviously wrong now you know that they're proliferated that's why an un a significantly undersized force when you're flying around the stealth aircraft and then I'm fighting against you and your conventional aircraft and the first call you here is hey the the first four of your airplanes are all dead and and the psychological response to that is almost always the wrong response the reaction they they behave eratically they move and different right they they don't know what to do the psychological response to surprise is almost always the wrong reaction and the power of creating that reaction your opponents is really hard to overstate and that's really one of the things that stealth airplanes have allowed us to do is get our opponents to behave incorrectly to give us an even more of an advantage you're going to off balance them somehow because what you just said when you say they either overreactor under react guess what you either you're off balance right a balanced measured response would be like okay we didn't really get them off balance but you either overreactor you under react and through surprise you cause them to move to far in one direction too far in the other direction that's what's going to happen and that's what we're going to take advantage of and you've explained this a ton like if I attack your arm and you under react to a point where you do not almost don't react at all and you just let me have it then I may actually culminate with an arm bar but more than likely you're going to overreact and I want you to overreact in it so I can attack something else but it's like you said it's it's the lack of a balance response it's usually an overreaction usually that reveals a weakness somewhere else that I can then explain you know as regards the relation of strategy attacks while in execution the border line is often shadowy and it is difficult to decide exactly where a strategic movement ends and a tactical movement begins yet in conception the two are distinct tactics lies in the fills tactics lies and fills the province of fighting strategy not only stops on the frontier but has for its purpose the reduction of fighting by the slendorist possible proportions so the purpose of strategies to not fight because on with the aim of strategy this statement may be disputed by those who conceive the destruction of the enemies armed force as the only sound aim in war who hold that the only goal of strategy is battle and who obsessed with the clouds vizzi and saying that blood is the price of victory yet if one should concede this point and meet its advocates on their own ground the statement would remain unshaken for even if decisive battle be the goal the aim of strategy must be to bring about this battle under the most advantageous circumstances and the more advantageous the circumstances the less proportionally will be the fighting so whole goal of strategies we're not fighting that's what we're doing the perfection of strategy would be therefore to produce a decision without any serious fighting history now think about that from a leadership perspective I never get an argument because Dave's doing what I need him to do to make it happen that's the most effective strategy it's not how do I outwit David and argument that doesn't matter why am I having an argument history as we have seen provides examples where strategy help by favorable conditions has virtually produced such a result and he goes through some examples here and again he's recalling back to some of the examples that he talks about in the book while these cases where the destruction of the enemy's forces the enemies armed forces was economically achieved through the disarming by surrender such destruction may not be essential for a decision and for the fulfillment of the war aim in the case of a state that is seeking not conquest but maintenance of its security the aim is fulfilled if the threat be removed if the enemy is led to abandon his purpose with such while such blood this victories have been exceptional their rarity enhances rather than detracts from their value as an indication of latent potentialities in strategy and grand strategy despite many centuries of experience of war we have hardly begun to explore the field of psychological warfare from deep study of war clouse fits was led to the conclusion that quote all military action is permeated by intelligent forces and their effects nevertheless and quote nevertheless nations at war have always driven or been driven by their passions to disregard the implications of such a conclusion instead of applying intelligence they have chosen to batter their heads against the nearest wall so here's Karlswick's okay it's it's an intelligence you know what doing but all the time we countries people leaders teams we get we do stupid things we bang our head against the nearest wall because we get emotional we're not intelligent and we gotta look out for that it rests normally with the government responsible for the grand strategy of awarded decide whether strategy should make its contribution by achieving a military decision or otherwise just as military means is only one of the means to the end of grand strategy one of the instruments in the surgeon's case so battle is only one of the means to the end of strategy if the conditions are suitable it usually it is usually the quickest and effect but if conditions are unfavorable it's a folly to use so cool you can go to battle but if you haven't prepared for it and you don't have the advantage it's stupid let's assume that a strategist is empowered to seek a military decision his responsibility is to seek it under the most advantageous circumstances in order to produce the most profitable result hence his true aim is not so much to seek battle as to seek a strategic situation so advantageous that if it does not of itself produce the decision its continuation by battle is sure to achieve this so we're not engaging in battles that we don't know we're gonna win and if we know we're gonna win them why can't we convince them opponent that we're gonna win and they bow down in other words dislocation is the aim of strategy it's sequel maybe either the enemy's dissolution or his easier disruption in battle dissolution may involve some partial measure of fighting but this is not but this is not the character of battle so that's what we're trying to do we're trying to win the fight without fighting we're trying to win the argument without having it I'm trying to get Dave what I to do what I wanted to do without him even knowing that that's what I want to do it's with his idea yeah and think about that statement about you getting me to do do it do it you want me to get done without fighting with me and take a step away from this book which is talking about fighting your enemies like your literal enemies to someone on your team my team my guy yeah because the human nature doesn't change it doesn't change if we're in the jungle desert if we're in if there's an old 42 if we're in 1916 if we're in 1942 it doesn't matter if you're my enemy or you're my friend if there's a component of human will then we need to utilize these principles effectively. Next section action of strategy how is the strategic dislocation produced in the physical or logistical sphere it is the result of a move which a upsets the enemies dispositions and by compelling a sudden change of front dislocates the distribution and organization of his forces be separates his forces kind of got a little little little little tingle in my spine when I saw that and dangers his supplies de-menaces the root or roots by which he could retreat in case of need and reestablish himself on the base so this there's these ways that we can cause strategic dislocation a dislocation may be produced by one of these effects but is more often a consequence of several right we're going to we're going to dislocate them from multiple different directions differentiation indeed is difficult because a move directed toward the enemies rear tends to combine these effects their respective influence however varies and has varied throughout history according the size of armaged and complexities of their organization with armies which live on the country drawing their supplies locally by plunder or requisition the line of communication has negligible importance so if you got an army that's out there living off the land they kind of know what they're doing you can't you can't really cut their supply lines because they don't have any even if a higher even in a higher stage of military development the smaller a force the less dependent it is on the lines of communication for supplies for larger an army and more complex its organization the more prompt and serious in effect is a menace to its line of communication so depending on who you're fighting you gotta make some adjustments where armies have not been so dependent strategies been correspondingly handicapped and the technically issue of battle has played a greater part nevertheless even thus handicapped able strategists have frequently gained a decisive advantage previous to battle by menacing the enemies lines of retreat the equilibrium of his dispositions or his local supplies so we're doing so we're we're throwing people off the spy mess and we're just supply chain by messing with their communication and by the way I'm probably gonna mention it's 15 15 thousand more times he's talking all the time about disrupting your enemies communication each one of those is the red cell the red team for us to go man am I communicating properly every time you hear that's one of the main ways that the indirect approach works is by disrupting the enemy communication what is that tell us about our communication it tells us it's freaking critical he goes into some some talk about how to disrupt communication to be effective such a menace usually must be applied at a point closer in time and space to the enemy's army than a menace to his communication and thus early in warfare it's often difficult to distinguish between strategic and tactical maneuver in the psychological sphere dislocation is the result of the impression on the commander's mind of the physical effects which we have listed the impression is strongly accentuated if his realization of being at a disadvantage is sudden and if he feels that he is unable to counter an enemy's move psychological dislocation fundamentally springs from his sense of being trapped that's straight out of like the jujitsu world and this is important so we feel we feel dislocated we feel nervous when we get trapped guess what you should never do as a leader hey Dave I know you want to do this but what if that happens why am I trapping him why am I trapping you don't trap people that are on your team that's another little red cell little red team if you're if I set you up to trap you you're gonna be uncomfortable you're gonna get defensive you're gonna be unstable and my interest in interacting with you the next time you know like oh here we go let's see what what jacco's gonna try to do to me this time talking about loyalty and respect and the things that you actually want from me in the end you know when when when you're the leader that likes to set your people up so you can hammer them dude that's a classic like I won that argument cool and that argument man I don't have to even like a gypshoon that meeting good job he won't want to step up again this is the reason why it is most frequently followed a physical move on the enemy's rear an army like a man cannot properly defend its back from a blow without turning around to use its arms in a new direction turning temporarily unbalances an army as it does a man and with the former the period of instability is inevitably much longer in consequence the brain is much more sensitive to any menace to its back this is why in jacco what are we trying to do we're trying to attack the back that's why in the battlefield we're trying to we're trying to come around to the rear because they have to maneuver and face you and they're exposed in contrast to move directly on an opponent consolidates his balance physical and psychologically and by consolidating it increases his resisting power when I attack you from the front you know exactly what's that coming at you and you can resist it more what does that mean from the leadership perspective that means that I I don't want to have you resist my ideas by coming right at you for in the case of an army it rolls the enemy back towards the reserve supplies and reinforcement so the original front is driven back and warn thin new layers are added to the back so when you if you make the enemy retreat well guess what this is what the Russians did to Napoleon and to the Nazis we're just gonna retreat yeah yeah you could job you beat us today cool we just got closer to our supply chain yeah we just got more reinforcements our communication lines got got shorter you made our job easier at the most it imposes a strain rather than producing a shock thus a move around the enemy's rear against the move around the enemy's front against his rear has the aim not only avoiding resistance on its way but in its issue in the profound distance it takes the line of least resistance the equivalent in this psychological sphere is the line of least expectation they are two faces of the same coin this is to widen our understanding of strategy if we merely take what obviously appears the line of least resistance its obviousness will appeal to the opponent also and this line may no longer be the line of least resistance used it when we used to go on weak hands reconnaissance missions and we'd get put on reconnaissance missions like I camp penaltent and you get up to camp penaltent and you're supposed to be observing some area and there's a one spot to observe there's like one bush you're like we can it's so tempting to go to that bush we guess exactly where the they're going to look they're going to look at that bush so you're better off digging a hole doing whatever you got to do taking the worst looking bush you know there's four bushes three of them are pretty good one of them socks go to the one that sucks in studying the physical aspect we must never lose sight of those psychological and when both are combined is the strategy truly an indirect approach calculated dislocate the opponent's balance the mere action of marching indirectly toward the enemy and on the rear of his dispositions is not constituted the strategic indirect approach so just because you try and come around the rear doesn't mean because if that's what they think you're going to do it doesn't matter strategic card is not so simple such an approach may start by being an indirect relation to an enemy's front but by the very directness of its progress towards the rear may allow the enemy to change his dispositions so that soon becomes a direct approach on a new front check because of the risk that the enemy may achieve such a change of front it is usually necessary for the dislocating move to be preceded by a move or moves which can best be defined as the term distract in a literal sense to draw a sunder so we have to do multiple moves just like in jujitsu you can't just do one move you can't recently you can't really even just do two you got to do multiple moves to make the enemy not sure what's really important what's really going on and you know I was I was doing a little bit of research because I always people will sometimes bring up d day what about d day front all assault right yep yeah kind of guess what the deception that the allied forces did to make Hitler and the Nazis unaware I think it was something like I don't think Hitler committed all of his forces to Normandy for seven weeks because they were expecting general patent that was the whole big scam like hey we got patent he's going to come in this other spot and and so for seven weeks the Nazis were like no don't commit so even though it was they looked like a direct assault there was a massive fake going on that that Germany didn't commit their forces for seven weeks that's crazy so it looked like a frontal assault I get it but man there was some distraction going on well just like he was he was just saying it's it's it's only a frontal assault if the enemy recognizes this is a frontal assault and then lines up his defenses against that frontal assault and the psychology of that the human nature reaction is the thing that actually matters the most is your response to my interaction and if you think it's a frontal assault they're going to react like it's a frontal assault and you're going to dig in and it was like something's going something's going on here and like actually it's a frontal assault you don't know it's a yeah it's a isn't a frontal assault it's a flank because they are putting their defenses elsewhere yeah the purpose of this distraction is to deprive the enemy of his freedom of action and it should operate both the physical and psychological fear spheres in the physical it should cause a distension of his forces or their diversion to unprofit lens of that they are too widely distributed and to commit it elsewhere who's exactly what D.A. was to have the power of interfering with one's own decisively intended move which was we're going to hit it in the psychological fear sphere the same effect is sought by playing upon the fears this the fears of and by deceiving the opposing command stone wall jacks an athlete of expressed this in his strategic gomato mystify mislead and surprise for to mystify and mislead constitutes distraction while surprise is the essential cause of dislocation is through the distraction of the commander's mind that the distraction of his forces follows the loss of his freedom of action is the sequel to the loss of his freedom of conception a more profound appreciation of how the psychological permeates and dominates the physical fear sphere has an indirect value for it warns us of the fallacy and shallowness of attempting to analyze and theorize about strategy in terms of mathematics to treat it quantitatively as if the issue turned merely on superior concentration of force at a selected place is as faulty as to treat it geometrically as a matter of lines and angles not just numbers even more remote from the truth because in practice it usually leads to a dead end is the tendency of textbooks to treat war as mainly a matter of concentrating superior force in his celebrated definition of economy of force fock termed this the art of pouring out all one's resources at a given moment on one spot of making use there of all truths and to make such a thing possible of making those troops permanently communicate with each other instead of dividing them and attaching to each fraction some fixed in invariable function its second part a result having been attained is the art of again so disposing the troops as to converge upon and act against a single new objective and quote it would have been so there's the there's the economy force like hey we're going to put all of our forces in the right spot at the right time which we all know we learn that all the time and that's part of prioritize an execute that is part of prioritize an execute is listen you got multiple things you need to concentrate your forces on unobjective efficiently it would have been more exact and he's kind of take upon a little a little hit on this quote from from fock who by the way this is burden and a burden and fock this is the the French allied commander world war one so we kind of already aren't super stoked on him because guess what he did he carried out his strategy hey well gotta get more forces as we're gonna do concentrate all force will be blow that whistle we're gonna break through this time no here's why it would have been more exact and more lucid to say that an army should always be so distributed distributed that its parts can aid each other and combine to produce the maximum possible concentration of force at one place while the minimum force necessary is used elsewhere to prepare the success of the concentration this is what cover movies this is what cover movies is you and and there's a doctrinal term and I used to tell this the young seals is a doctrinal term called supporting distance and what supporting distance is you Dave and me your platoon and my platoon or your company and my company or your battalion and my battalion we aren't gonna get so far apart that we can't support each other so that means if if we only have rifles we're gonna be 400 500 yards from each other you know depending on the terrain if the terrain is you know mountainous or we might be closer than that because I want to be able to provide support to you if we have mortars cool now we can stretch it out a little bit more if we have our teller we can stretch it out even more but we need to be able to cover and move for each other we need to be able to support each other and if we get too far apart you're alone man we had a term that we got to coin it was called fluid mutual support which is we when you say we got to coin this expand bro it's so this is when you can good deal Dave well over here making stuff up listen well listen when we at Top Guns figured out like we used to have just superior equipment superior technology better machines more of them they worked better and we were fighting and I think I talked about this a while ago we were firing and fighting an inferior opponent to be totally honest with you our tactics were kind of straightforward they just wasn't that complicated and we didn't just like barge right in there and fight them but you know our tactics relied on the fact that in the end our stuff was better than your stuff and it's flown correctly well over time we couldn't rely on that anymore they're equipment got better than ours they were able to do things we couldn't do and what we had to start doing is taking that same equipment and start to utilize them differently and one of things we had to get away from was cover move for airplanes used to be a thousand feet away 2000 feet away and you stay together I turn you turn you I go you go and your job is a wingman and how I grated your performance as a wingman as how well you stayed inside that what we called visual visual visual sports and if you lost sight of me believe me we you were going to hear about in the debrief and what we evolved to was because of inferior equipment we had to actually get farther away from each other so in simple as terms we could figure out who is the person who is the aircraft in the formation that was fundamentally the most at risk or the most likely to be engaged and the other aircraft could then flank or maneuver or come in from a different three-dimensional direction to support that person and it was fluid because it changed it wasn't exactly on the 35 degree bearing line at five miles it evolved based on weather based on weapons based in the formation and just like you described it and I had to know and if I got too far away I couldn't support you and if I was too close to you I couldn't maneuver in a way that allowed me to have an advantageous entry to the problem I flank because I was too close to you and while you were talking about that I was just thinking of the French approach to older one this culminating thing versus just the standard combined arms effect oh cool I don't need a million tanks I got a couple tanks so you don't want to rock to the tanks cool they're going to run you over you want to rock to the tanks cool come out your holes we're going to get your their children you don't want to deal with their artillery you're going to dig in cool I'll roll over the aircraft and I don't need an overwhelming force of any of those three but I need them together in support of one another and I don't know in the end who's going to get the kill or who's going to be the reason why I'm successful but you're going to have to react to something and if you don't one of those different arms those different supporting elements will eventually be the thing that causes you to lose supporting distance covered move and and now fluid mutual support we better I'm going to do it I should have known that I was going to totally submarine your goals of getting through this by talking way too much I planned for this so we'll wrap it up with another paragraph and then we'll we'll do the next on the next podcast here's where he's going to break down Fox statement a little bit he says wind because Fox said the art of pouring all one's resources so so ladel hard says the concentrate all is an unrealizable ideal and dangerous even as a hyperbole moreover in practice the minimum necessary maybe a far larger portion of the total than maximum possible they would even be true to say that the larger the force that is effectively used for distraction of the enemy the greater the chance of the concentration succeeding in its aim for otherwise it may strike an object to solid to be shattered this is like um in jujitsu if you if I try and sweep you but it's I'm not really trying to sweep you you don't even have to react to it I have to really try and sweep you then if I really try and sweep you then you expose your neck boom cool you stick your neck out to you you know you push into me and boom there's your neck I can get the guillotine if I don't actually put enough force to get but if I put too much force into that well and you defend it well well now I've used a bunch of energy didn't work and how often am I going to do that so we have to be careful and what he's saying is you want to use it's what we talk a lot about a lot about edescalum front which is minimum force required well like how much force do I need to use to get you to react and if if I only have to use you know 10% of my force over here to get you to react that means I have 90% of my force to finish you finish the job on the flank closing this out superior weight at the intended decisive point does not suffice unless that point cannot be reinforced in time by the opponent yeah you can you can put a bunch I can go for your arm but if you're going to grab with your other arm and defend it well it doesn't matter that I singled out your arm it rarely suffices unless that point is not merely weaker numerically but has been weakened morally Napoleon suffered some of his worst checks because he neglected this guarantee and the need for distraction has grown with the delaying power of weapons so there you go that's a warm-up with almost two and a half hours deep right now we're talking it's it's only going to get deeper from here let's let's call it for right now let's get into some I don't know echo Charles maybe the anything any closing statement safe all right let's let's roll into a little little quick activity with you know maybe a little bit of support sure you know I know we're trying to be indirect but maybe there's some direct ways we can kind of help ourselves out sure what you got or some help in our on our path which includes being indirect as far as effectiveness goes concur yeah so let's talk with our friend Kerry and you and I just kind of come to realize that this path is not that hard anymore it's hard but it's not as hard you're taking my Vapath that we're all on and okay I didn't know that this was like the path just got easy little bit easier okay more easier yeah easier it's not easy all that's hard still but it's easier in this way juggle fuel boom this is why you drink energy drinks that's no longer a problem if you're on the path and you're like into energy drinks right get to get real those and sometimes it'll take will power understand you know at the very least in adjustment period that might not be very comfortable yeah let's not like that anymore and drink all energy drinks you on anymore just plain go and drink good for you boom path easier yeah right that adjust I have to concur the path just got easier that goes with the correct it's sure also we want to have dessert right yeah well if you're on the path what's you gotta start excluding dessert from time to time in fact pretty much all the time on the path yeah the occasional dessert can happen I mean yeah I mean my daughter's birthday yesterday yes I understand oh but I was at Ragland which is kind of one of my go to right it might be my favorite restaurant yeah and they have that that cast iron pan with the talk it's yeah they call it the illegal yeah it's good they're like it's so good it should be illegal yeah good name so we had to order some illegal from my daughter's birthday yeah it's a birthday right did that illegal girl right so when it showed up the ice cream just melts in the pan dude it's a whole no situation yeah I understand well let's face it to your point we can't be doing that you know every day every day exactly we would probably not even more than once per month what if you could though because you don't do it for the illegal necessarily most of us we do it because hey that could that thing tastes good yeah you know let's face it yeah after dinner Ragland I'm assuming you got some steak or something like this it's not like you're like starving and hungry after the steak you just want some things yeah that's it's it's it's it's it's it's sad so you get that so you get it you get the illegal you got the yours things sweet cool but you pay a price yeah now on this new path we don't gotta pay the price look at that easier do it every day let's talk about more I have to talk about that one of the yes so and you get additional protein in the form of this dessert so boom right there path little bit easier you see what I'm saying yeah um good news it also we got some other supporting elements uh for your joints during our first super cruel oil that stuff before you immunity well you know what you're saying right now is actually a pretty big deal like if you think about if you think about the the fact that someone right now is like well they're drinking three energy drinks a day yeah and it's not good for them and it is gonna have long term negative health effects legitimate well they're doing it for a reason right they need the benefit of the energy drink whatever that is but it's like that's not it's a problem it's a problem and and all of a sudden like that like with a snap of the fingers you're you can actually you can actually still get the benefits with no downside that's freaking crazy no problem yeah yeah same thing with dessert all the benefits sweetness goodness filling let's face it there's a certain texture too like that you kind of you know you want that mole clear that's true but it's all true so you know does that go against the whole hayman the path is hard embrace the hardness you look okay but the his his the dichotomy you turn me on to this he can't have some big deal this is a big deal too look I think I thought be a to the dell heart and some in for for today but apparently I got a job of coming in I would the facts the truth I'm doing the best they can talk of here to benefit the group um you look the goal isn't to drink milk that's not the goal it's a means to an end I'm learning to check so the milk is the protein to help us recover from our workouts all right same same yeah right so it's more efficient why should we fight that battle we don't have to the same thing cool take them all no matter no fact yeah easy money boom more efficient when without a fight when we're not choking down some crap yes some chalky how much do you think forward to milk very much so I look I'm I get super amped oh yeah and it's the kind and this is good not to hide a malk before we train normally I don't do that but I don't know before we train today because I got done with the EF online like what 12 30 and we weren't gonna train until 230 times like because normally I don't eat until after the train but today again it was calling you you know how certain desserts call your name that's what's happening too yeah yeah I understand I just don't fully be guess what no problem calling this path that we're on just got a little bit easier so you don't kind of worry about that anymore check so yeah like I said we had got E-Munity stuff as well cold war uh vitamin D3 boom take that all guarantee your path would be a little bit easier versus if you don't take that we're not getting sick all of a sudden thank you which we like you can get this you get the drinks at wall wall by the way on the east coast if you're on the east coast you're gonna wall walk get yourself you can clear out shelves whatever that's kind of like what we're doing sanction really sanctioned authorized yeah authorized cori my boy cori my cousin cori rolled in with an actual cooler to a wall wall and just started clearing shelves straight up like what yeah where's what we're doing where he's just looking at like this like oh yeah you need a wall you need you can get this stuff at vitamin shop vitamin shop has the whole line of uh uh the supplement so you can go to vitamin shop or you go to jockelfield.com and get some if you want some yep and if you're interested in a little discount little free shipping little not having to worry about remembering to make sure you're always stopped get the subscription path just got a little leave your easier even if the path just got to leave an easier we're efficient remembering we're not worried about it more efficient when how we can focus on something else you know no distraction technically it's BH little delheart it would be like oh you got a distraction going on you to write down remember to order no it's to eliminate that so that we can focus our efforts exactly right hundred percent in a way it's decentralized command too because Pete guys over there they're over they're taking over that's their jam now and they're coming for you so you can go move elsewhere okay so you can subscribe is what we're saying get free shipping check yeah it's true also origin USA dot com is where you can get your american made good durable goods as it were but what that means is you can get american made denim jeans a few models there we got delta 68 and the factory factory yeah and you say factory like they don't I was at the UDG seal museum in four peers for them yeah it's awesome and they had a guy that what's like a statue on it's not a statue it's a mannequin is there a word for that mannequin okay there's a mannequin but he's dressed up like a like a nom seal straight up just wearing jeans just straight up that's what he's in the case you know the glass case right like a like a like a action figure yeah big one big life like that yeah yeah you can get so we made those delta 68's because I know look I'm probably gonna be living multiple lives you know I'll be back here I was about five years ago the war and when I come back it's probably gonna be back in nom again could be possibly I don't know I'm gonna wear jeans and I'm gonna wear delta 68 jeans and I just want the world to know that and like I said they all are made in America from the even the bra materials the dirt to the shirt for the jeans as the case may be also this belts on there some cool wallets on there hoodies athletic wear anyway that's a lot of stuff on there you get what I'm all made in America or junior essay dot com also good news we have our own store been had our own store since day one which is again good news just in case you didn't know was it day one day eight okay I think okay maybe I don't know one of the early days we'll say that it's called jocco store so you go to jocco store dot com and this is where you can get your shirts, hats hoodies, rash guards, this kind of stuff discipline equals freedom represent all around the path so boom not only did the path get a little bit easier got a little bit cooler swiping in jocco store dot com oh also we have the ace uh subscription situation as well it's called the shirt locker this is all the shirts that you may or may not see me sometimes Dave Burke now carry wearing where you're like oh I didn't see that shirt on the store and you're like oh what do I get that one what do I get that one I know I'm saying this could people are literally saying that to me or whatever you go to the shirt locker and you subscribe that's where you get those shirts so yeah the designs are more how should I say it a little bit off off the street in narrow and more creative let's best wick and say it right now unless it's called the shirt lockers so subscribe for that one if you want yeah and by the way you can subscribe to this podcast you can also check out jocco unraveling which I'm doing with their all Cooper we're going hard in the paint with that one we got the grounded podcast we got the warrior kid podcast which I know I oh you also got the jockel underground the underground podcast we're we're doing an amplifying information we're doing a lot of Q&A on that one because we have a little direct methodology you can ask questions so we're doing a lot of Q&A you've been giving some good advice on that one and speaking from my position personally that one about the 13 year old kids right the teacher trying to control the class right like sometimes they're kind of kind of crazy sometimes but it's like man they kind of get crazy like what do I do how do I deal with that man that was a good one yeah really good and a lot of that it's yeah it's just good questions coming in so hey if you want to get to if you want to listen to that we set this up because we need to have some kind of an alternative platform in case in case in case what well contingencies happen what if what if some of these platforms decide to start charging you money what if some of these platforms decide to start interjecting their own advertisements into them what if they just straight up censor us because they don't like what we're talking about any of these things could happen if those things happen we wanted to have our own backup plan so we have one jockel underground.com it costs $8 and $18 cents a month through support the cause and if you can't afford it no factor we're the reason this isn't like oh we don't want you in the game we want you in the game if you can't afford it email assistance at jockel wonderground.com and we'll take care we also have a YouTube channel that you can also subscribe to if you want to see my assistant director skills which are in action on that origin USA also has a YouTube channel you want to see main ties skills doing some good work up there main tie. I'll talk to him today about some stuff I won't go into it. I'm going to have a good time. Thanks. Also psychological warfare if you don't know what that is it's an album jockel album with tracks jockel tracks telling you us how to get past and through our moments of weakness make them be less of a factor on this path. Oh I got a little bit easier again now you got jockel there supplements that taste good no factor and boom you can just keep rolling on that path a little bit easier a little bit more luxurious. You can also get flipside canvas.com to code a Myers company he's putting stuff to hang on your wall stuff that's cool. I'm American made check it out we got a bunch of books final spin got a novel common about novel stuff have you read the late have you read the final Dave? I don't know I read I think you might have made a couple of small edits since then. Orch your assessment you know my assessment. The better assessment was my wife's assessment. What about your wife's assessment? That was the real assess because she has no uh zero skin or not skin of the game no loyalty dog and yeah what if you're not actually a hearing about me she's probably looking to drop the hammer what was her assessment? Well the best assessment was she finished it in two settings. Wow and that's like going to bed I'm going to crack the book open I'm like hey just hey read this tell me what you think kind of scenario not like a big pressure move and she kind of got through two to two thorns of it and then the next time finish it she's like that was really good like that the finished a book in a day in two readings like two settings uh speaks volumes that's good deal it's good so that's coming out actually the date change I want it comes out it's coming out now no it's coming out a little bit earlier yeah it seems like the demand is kind of kicking so good looks like when moving that right I think it's November sixth now so if you want that you know the deal if you want that first the dish leader substraging attack is field manual the code the evaluation the protocol is discipline is freedom field manual way the word or kid want to three and four about face we talked about it today Mikey and the dragons freaking the dragons it's incredible how often I have to talk about Mikey on the Mikey the dragons I'm going to explain that story to adults because people are coming afraid to do this I'm afraid to do that it's like oh it's coming question and even from leaders like I'm afraid to address this it's like at all the time about face hack worth we talked about it today and then extreme ownership and the dichotomy and leadership we have a leadership consultant consultancy we saw problems through leadership if you want to check that out go to echelonfront.com we have online training as well it's like a leadership gym right with trainers yeah with trainers what do you just think you're going to just stay in shape by sitting at home no you got to go to the gym what how's your leadership going to get better how's your leadership just going to even stay at a good level got to go to the leadership gym that's what we've got yeah phone line dot com yeah yeah phone line dot com extreme ownership academy so if you want to learn about leadership go there we got courses on there we're doing live stuff all the time we're doing live stuff all the time you want to ask me a question go there all answer your question and I'll actually dig down and Dave will come in off the top roads label be flanking the whole situation like we're there and we have the monster we just got done with Orlando next monster is Phoenix in August August 17th and 18th Las Vegas October 28th and 29th go to extremownership.com everything we've done is sold out so if you want to come go and register we also have EF battlefield we also hate EF battlefield we don't have one on the calendar right now the next thing we do have on the calendar is FTX where you're going to put on gear laser tag gear we have this high speed laser tag system and you're going to run operations and learn these leadership lessons the next one we're doing is in San Diego, Diego right here in SD July 12 from 13th so if you want to come this only 32 seats for that we haven't really talked about it yet so we kind of we kind of turned it on when they started filling up we filled up another one so here we go July 12 from 13th FTX in San Diego you're going to run operations you're going to put these principles to use give it check it out and then if you want to help service members you want to help service members active and retired their families gold star families check out mark Lee's mom mom Lee her she's got a charity organization doing all kinds of great work for veterans will the main thing she's doing is getting medical treatments for our vets that maybe aren't being covered by the VA if you want to donate or you want to get involved go to america's mighty warriors dot org and if you want more of my protracted pontifications we need more of echoes misplaced meandering or perhaps even more of Dave's animated additions you can find us on the inner webs on Twitter on the Graham and on Facebook echoes at equitros Dave is at David art Burke and I am at juggle willing and to the military service men and women out there thank you for putting the strategy of freedom in detectics and keeping the world from darkness same goes to our police and law enforcement firefighters paramedics EMTs dispatchers correctional officers border patrol secret service and all first responders thanks for keeping the world safe from evil here at home and everyone else out there the direct approach is not as direct as you think to think again and maybe maybe just try taking the long way around because the long way around you might find out ends up being the shortest distance between two points until next time this is Dave and echo in juggle out