 This is Jocco podcast number 99. With echo Charles and me, Jocco Winlink. Good evening, I go. Good evening. It is a day for Q&A. Let's go. Right into it. All right, let's do it. Jocco, hey, Jocco. As a director of our sales department, I require my guys to fill out sales call interaction logs. I have one guy who thinks because the sales are up. This no longer is important. Nor does he have the time. How do you handle situations like this? OK, so as I got this question, I'm like, OK, I've answered this before. I'm not going to answer it again. I've gotten something close enough. And no one's interesting. I talked to some people now. I talked to a lot of people and they say, hey, on Q&A, I know what you're going to say. Yeah. I don't know how to say that. That's awesome. They say I still need to hear it. But I know what you're going to say. And I said, OK, cool, that's good. That means people are starting to expand their brain a little bit, maybe see a different perspective that they might not had before. So that's good in my opinion. Now, also what I realize is, as I answer these questions, there's additional information that comes out once you make a certain level of understanding, then there's more understanding to be had. And so that's what I realized with this question. As I thought, well, OK, there's this standard answer. The standard answer is, OK, that you got people who are not doing what you want them to do. And what do you do then? Well, the fact is, the real standard answer that everybody now knows, if you've been listening to podcasts, is they need to know why they're doing what they're doing, they need to know why it's important. They need to know how them filling out those forms will help the company and therefore help the individual that needs to fill out the forms, because it'll provide better intel to the company that will provide them more accurate advertising which will in turn make them be able to sell more, which will in turn make the cost to produce the product go down, because they're selling more. And that means he has better pricing to sell things with an ill-being able to sell more and make more money. And so you have to tie that whole thread through. That's kind of the standard answer. Which everybody should know. If someone's not doing what you want them to do, you need to make sure they understand why they need to do it, why it's important and how it ties back to them. OK, so boom, we get done with that standard answer. Now there's the next level. Now we're going to purple belt. And here's the non-standard answer. Here's the advanced answer, or the purple belt answer. Is OK, now let's ask yourself, this piece of paper that you're having them fill out. Is it really actually important? Is it actually important? What purpose does it actually serve? Because you want this guy who's a good producer, his sales are up. And you want him to continue to fill out these sales interaction logs so that you can track and make sure that he's making enough calls that he's got to write the right approach that he's using the right verbage when he's talking to his customers or clients. And so you want him to fill this up. But now he's actually doing well. And you got to ask yourself, OK, what purpose is this thing serving now that the guy is doing well, what purpose is it serving? Maybe at a certain level, you say, you know what? You don't need to fill that out anymore. If you sell 10 units a day, you don't need to fill this out anymore. If you sell 80 day, you got to fill out your logs, because we got to check and see what you're doing. That's, or are you just making this person do it? Because that's what everyone does. So if you can't answer the question yourself, why it's important, then maybe you should check why you have this thing in place. So again, we put things in place to help people, but at a certain point, it is possible that they don't need to do it anymore. Some sales people, if you don't maybe want people to make eight phone calls a day and you want them to log down what they did. OK, what if this guy's doing 28 phone calls a day? And he wants to get to 38 phone calls a day, but he can't, because he's filling out your paperwork. OK, so if people are meeting the numbers, maybe raise the bar a little bit, make him, and you give him more freedom. He's got the self-discipline, right? He's got the discipline to make call. He's making the numbers. His numbers are up. OK, give him some more freedom. Maybe you can turn that into more production. If he starts to lag off, guess what? Hey, bud, if you keep selling 10 units a day, we're good. You don't need to fill out this crap. You go to nine. You're back on the filling out of paperwork. Guess what he's going to do? He's going to sell 10 every day, he's going to sell 12. He's going to sell 15. Yeah. And then I would tell him, I'd say, look, if you sell 15 units a day, I'm going to fill out a piece of paperwork that says you're awesome. I'm going to do it every time you sell 15 units. It's good. Boom, little fun. Yeah, yeah. So that's it. There's the white, maybe three-stripe white belt answer. Everyone should know at this point, followed by a little bit more advanced, purple belt move, whom we'll plot a. Sure. And the same time that's not to say that it's guaranteed, not important. Not at all. You're just saying, make that evaluation. Not at all. And there is a chance that I'm wrong, right? That the paperwork that gets filled out actually really does get put into a data file that can then be used to target certain customers, or follow up with certain customers. And if that's the fact you explain it to the guy and how it's going to benefit him. And we're back to answer number one, which worked. Which is fine. Right and wrong. Right and wrong are interesting concepts. Yeah. And people sometimes get wrapped around right and wrong. Yeah. They just think that there's a right answer and there's a wrong answer. And many times, neither question or neither answer is right or wrong, or both answers are right and wrong. Yeah. So you've got to open your mind on these things. You've got to open your mind. You know, as we talk about with GJ2 schools, should a GJ2 school be strict, bow to your professor, everyone where they same uniform, not allowed to ask people to roll, or should it be, hey, where would whatever you want, the instructors named Jocco, and going there and crews in train hard. Which one is right? The answers that are both right. You both of those have benefits. And some people flourish in one kind of school, and some people flourish in another kind of school, and you can't say one's right or wrong. Same thing I used to run in this lot with in the shield things with tactics. Like should we enter the room like this, or like this? And the answer is actually, well, which is better in that scenario. And sometimes this one's better, and sometimes that one's better. And so if your mind can be more open, you'll be able to use more options, which is beneficial. Yeah. That's the narrow kind of reminded me of one of my friends, it was a friend of a friend. And it was actually my friend's friend's life. And she was saying, yeah, she's kind of making light of the fact that they force their kids to watch a charger game or something on this day or whatever. And the kids don't like football, or the kid, the one kid. Don't like, doesn't like football, doesn't like watching football. Doesn't like this whole thing. And she was like, oh no, it's a tradition, you know? So, you know, we make them do it. It's a tradition all the stuff. I'm kind of thinking, like, okay, I mean, that's cool. That it's like your tradition, but like no one likes it. Like so what is the tradition doing? I mean, I understand, like if you have a tradition, everyone likes it, or the tradition, and it improves, like, I don't know, the cohesion of the family or something like that. And, you know, for all these beneficial reasons, and one way or another beneficial. But, you know, if you're doing it just for the sake of, you know, the tradition, like this paperwork situation. And also, what are you doing? If you're telling your kid, like, no, you'll watch the football game, especially now that everyone hates the chargers, because they left San Diego. Yeah, this is one time ago, but, but, if you tell your kid, hey, no, it's a time for our family to get together. And you don't got to watch the game, but hang out, we're going to have some hot dogs. Yeah. You know what I mean? And we're just, that's what it is. It's not about staring at the screen, watching something that you don't like. Yeah. It's about hanging out, you know, grandma's coming over, yeah. On teas coming over, we're going to cruise, we're going to eat, yeah. Barbara, keep chicken, right? Yep. That's different. Then hey, you sit down and watch the football game. Yeah. But when kids reach a certain age, they don't want to hang out with you. First, certain time period. That's what started my whole argument right there. Yeah. Well, not it wasn't our argument, but that's what started my little discourse. Yeah. And so, certain time period your children are supposed to rebel against you. Yeah. Somewhat, because they have to convince themselves and their mind that they, they, they're going to leave and they're going to be on their own. And, and something in their mind triggers that to be like, okay, I need to separate myself from these other humans that have been caring for me. Yeah. Because I was wearing diapers. Yeah. And now I need to get that out of my head and figure out how to survive on my own. So they, they do that by rebelging against you. And so, I don't want to see this stupid football game. I want to go to my friend Mary's house. Yeah. We're going to do something over there. Right? That's, you know, you think that there's an element of like a prayer. You know how like when you're a kid and you hit like 13, 12, 13 years old, you start to get this like empowered feeling, you know, because you're like physically kind of growing up. And then your parents are kind of, you have this feeling of oppression. Not that your parents are the problems. Things are totally, that's exactly what I'm saying. So you, I'm like, it's like an actual rebellion. You can oppress me no more. I don't have to ride with you. You know, I don't have to walk with you in the wall. No, I'm out. Yeah. And you're trying to do that because you realize subconsciously that these people are not going to be here. I need to learn how to fend for myself. I need to get out of the nest. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Get out of the nest. They're flapping them wings. But yeah. Exactly. But the tradition, just for the sake of the tradition, because actually my whole argument with the lady was that he was trying to not necessarily prove, but try to find out whether or not she even thought about it. Like why you can make you do it. My point is that there are traditions that are important, right? With an family, with an culture. But if you lose fact, if you lose, if you don't understand the meaning of the tradition, yeah, then it doesn't make sense to you. Yeah. So then you don't care about it. Yeah. Look, this is our family, and this is when we get together this the only time. It's a tradition. Yes. So we're going to do it. And that way we get to know each other. And that way we keep connected. You know, we can help each other. Collision. Collision. Next question. Jockel, as a leader, at what point am I allowed to go to others and say, I need you because I recognize I'm not capable of pushing toward forward on my own. Or should that be an instance where I need to take a step back and apply more discipline to my life? Find a way to push forward by myself. Okay. You are allowed to say that to your team member immediately that you need them. Absolutely. If you, of course, you need your team because if you didn't need your team, why would they be there? Yeah. If you, if you can do everything yourself, then you don't have a team. Yeah. Right? You just do everything yourself. So while you, of course, should be working already, you should be applying discipline. As a leader, it's your job to actually lead things and to let other people support and make things happen. And there's nothing wrong with that. And also, you don't want to be stuck in the weeds doing my new things. So if you're not capable, I think what might be holding this individual back. There's two things. Number one is I feel like I should take extreme ownership of everything. I feel like I should do everything myself. That is not what extreme ownership is. Extreme ownership isn't doing everything yourself. And also what can come into play is your ego. Because you don't want to ask people for help. And that's not a good sign. There's nothing wrong with asking people for help. If you need it, in fact, that's the humble thing to do. Hey, Echo. I don't know how to, quite finish out this, you know, this thing up. This project can work out. Can you give me a hand with this? I don't know how to work a video recorder. Can you show me how to do that? Right? Whatever. So there's no problem with that. You're allowed to ask. You can, you can say that immediately. In fact, your team should feel that you are counting on them and relying on them. They should know that. And then, but you're ego aside, ask for help. No problem. That doesn't mean you're giving away, that doesn't mean you're not taking ownership. That doesn't mean you're not applying discipline. It means you're working as a team together to accomplish mission. Again, if a, if a, if a mission is so easily that you can accomplish it yourself, you don't need a team. Why do you have them? If you can do it all yourself just by applying discipline. Cool. You don't need anyone else. If your, but your mission should be larger than one human being, can accomplish. So that's why you have other people on board to help you out. Yeah. No problem. You know, like, I always think when, when that happens. I thought we made it out of that question. Go ahead. No, but you know, like, let's say it's like something that's just a pain in the ass. And you don't really need help, but you just don't want to do it by yourself. Oh, okay. We don't think. Then yeah, then you gotta do that yourself. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So that's kind of where this is coming from ultimately because it's like, I'm not saying that if you're the, if you're, if you have a position in a company, where you shouldn't be doing some sort of task because it's not financially efficient to have, you know, a person that's making a, a hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year, doing a task that someone that's making ten dollars an hour should be doing. So, so you shouldn't do that. That's not what I'm advocating and a company won't, won't be doing well. Yeah. If you're paying people, $150,000 a year that you could get someone to do for ten dollars an hour. I'm not saying that. So don't get me wrong. Yeah. But that's why we have a team so that you can focus on going forward and whatever it is, you need to be focused on and somebody that's below you in the chain and command, that's a member of your team that's getting paid ten dollars an hour can do some of the stuff that you need him to do. Yeah. Yeah. And the question actually is, is really clear because it's because, quote unquote, because I recognize I'm not capable of pushing, you know, it's kind of like, it's obvious to you that you need help. It's not that you're, you know, raking leaves and I don't want to do this all by myself. So, hey, you know, you tell your brother come help me. It's not that it's different. Yeah. And if you need to get the leaves raked and you need them done by Monday, so you can get them in the bags so that the dump truck can come and take the leaves away. And you can't physically get it done. Then you say to your brother, hey, can you give me hand? And you get these done tonight before the sun goes down. Yeah. I'm locking me up to make it in time. Can you give me a hand? Yeah. Your brother says absolutely. Oh, yeah. Got your back. Next wish. What's the best way to deal with feedback you don't agree with? My manager give, my manager gives me feedback on my personality. That I don't agree with. I'm only in the company five months and he doesn't know enough about me to make the comments he's making. I find myself wanting, wanting to contest with what he's saying, but I believe this will ultimately end poorly for me. It's frustrating for me to listen to feedback from him about my personality when my friends and family would disagree with him. Okay. Again, this is one of those questions that I think people that will snap out. I think people that will snap out to know what the answer is, what you do when someone's giving you feedback. As you listen to it and you try and make adjustments. Get in their head and figure out where this is coming from. That they're obviously saying this for some reason. And maybe the reason is because they have a big ego or they don't understand people very well. And that's fine. And if you know that then you just learn something about them. But also you might not know yourself as well as you think you do. And obviously if you contest with someone saying, you're going to look like you can't take critiques. So you're right. That's not a good approach to take furthermore. What you're saying is that your friends and family wouldn't agree with this guy. Well, guess what? They're your friends and family. Right? It's like the dude's mom that, you know, the dude's mom always thinks the dude's handsome. Yeah. Dude's not handsome. But his mom thinks he's handsome and you know, your friends and family think, oh, I can't believe they'd say it about you. Well, that's your friends and family. There's a reason why you have friends because they like you. Yeah. Whatever personality is is not cool. They're over it. Yeah. They can deal with it. Well, this boss, the manager can't deal with it. He has no idea what they're doing. So like I said, when someone gives you critique, you should actually listen to what people have such a hard time with. Yeah. And you should actually listen and say, okay, well, maybe I'm too aggressive. Maybe I'm too close minded. Whatever, whatever critique point you're getting. Listen to them. Maybe someone's like, hey, I don't think you take critique very well. And you're like, what are you talking about? Yeah. Of course I take critique well. You don't know. That's my point. So, and the other thing like I said is in doing this, the manager is actually telling you something about their personality. And their views and their judgment. So learn from that. Learn what they're, they're teaching you about their personality, which is going to help you better influence and manipulate and work with. Work with that person in the future. And perhaps help make them into a better leader at a better supporter of what it is that you're trying to do. So calm down relax. One of the best things you can do when someone says to you, hey, I think you're spooning stuff. Hold on. Let me grab a notebook. I just want to take notes and make sure I understand we're coming from so I can make some adjustments. I'm always looking to get better. Yeah. That might be a little extreme, but you know. Yeah. Hold on a second. Let me get my notebook. Yeah. So I can take notes because I want to get better. Well, I overdid that just a little bit. But not some people, some people they'll take notes. You know how like for you, but they like take taking notes. I feel good. When I was running the West Coast Seal training, the good officers, like there would be some officers when I'd be putting out work to them. They'd be taking notes. Yeah. And I was, you know, when I first saw it, it was kind of like, surprised me. Yeah. Okay. This guy's straight up taking notes. And what I'm telling is that one on one conversation, he's sending the like taking notes. Yeah. So, but if you said it with your tone, we like, Hold on. Oh, Joch was going to say something. And you get out my notebook. Oh, no. Yeah. That's sarcastic. Yeah. But there's also not just being sarcastic. I was leaning towards more like the brown noiser. Oh, that guy. Oh, echo. You're going to give me some feedback. Hold on one second. I want to get my notes out. So I can make sure I do exactly what you're telling me to do. Thanks, buddy. Yeah. I see again with the tone. Yeah. I think, you know, tones that a little way. Middle ground. I think. Yeah. I think pointed out on Twitter, something about tone and body language in some psychological survey makes up more than half of what it is actually being said. Yeah. And I heard that too. And I was like, yeah, that sounds cool. But I mean, you know, maybe maybe not. Because if someone says something, it's pretty clear. But then I, it's kind of stuck with me. And it's true. Like, I could literally say the same, like, I don't know, 10 words to you in all of the things that I've been doing. I think I've been doing it. I think pointed out on Twitter, something about tone and body language. In some psychological, I say the same, like, I don't know, 10 words to you in all these different tones. And then it would mean 10 different things. Oh, for sure. Like, you can, like, it's actually baffling and surprising how much we can actually communicate. Like, if I, if I make a joke to you, like something, you don't know my level of sarcasm. You don't know necessarily. You have to know the person, you know, like, so there's all these things that that have to be in place for you to effectively be communicated to. Yeah. Like, let's say you over here a conversation in the next room. Like, you could easily miss the whole point of the conversation, even though you heard every word. Because you don't know if they're joking, you don't know if they're serious, you don't know if one guy's mad, you know, if one guy's getting slid. And they can take the same exact, or they can say the same exact words, but they're just saying different things coming from different places. Yeah. That's where you end up a lot of communication problems with the email, where someone emails a joke, yeah. Joking about something and then someone takes it seriously. And next thing, you know, people are flying off the handle. Yeah. I always had that rule in my seal battoons and task duty. You weren't allowed to joke on the radio. Yeah. And the main reason for that rules, because you don't want other people outside your organization to hear it and take it the wrong way, same thing. But it's the same thing with email. You must know someone really, really, really well. You better, it's better to keep the sarcastic comments and just be straightforward and speak plainly with your email and your communicate with people. It's a lot easier. And then even with that, it's not escaped from this. Even with that, you could easily come off as like two rigid or two. Or it's like, Dang, is this guy, does this guy not like me? Yeah. You know, like a jerk, that's your second email. And he's like, that's why communication is important. That's why learning how to write well is important. That's why little words that you put in matter. Yeah. And it in the phrases and the sentences. They matter. They're like different. Thus the invention of emojis. Well, I think you think the emoji. Yeah, no, you're very into emojis. I am now. Yeah. I sometimes I, I must say that I think you communicate very well with emojis because even though you don't sometimes use new words and attacks to me, I fully understand what you mean by lightning bolt, lightning bolt, lightning bolt, rainbow, lightning bolt, thumbs up, shock up fire. Shock up fire. Shock up fire. Yep. Very clear, right? Yeah. No, I agree. Yeah. I agree with that. Shock up fire. I forgot about fire. You do quite a bit of fire. Yeah. The lightning bolt and fire, I use them in the shock up for sure. And the rainbow with you, I use the rainbow a lot. Is it going to lighten up the moon? What it helps, it seems like a child thing. I don't like emoticons. I don't like emojis. Yeah. But you're kind of like that in real life too. No, I know, but it seems like to me it's see. Yeah. It's like a kid, maybe your little daughter would do it or something. Yeah. It's what my daughter will send me 875 emojis from my wife's phone. Yeah. Yeah. All of them see if she can film me. Yeah. And I send back. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I love it. If you know that you're running the risk of something too, like you know like stoic or whatever, you know, like if you if you have to answer question with yes when in whatever the question is, it's a yes or no question and you answer yes affirmatively right. You'll put yes period and that'll come off as like. Aw, chocolates like. I don't know what up with this guy. I'm serious or something. You know, instead of yes, Yeah, it's two exclamation points lightning volt fire Limbo or something like that that gives away a little bit more like you know you're just like yes As if you're just looking someone in their eye Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm saying. You're like that in real life Most of the time right on anyway lightning bolt fire. Yeah, man. Let's see emojis don't In there don't overdo it double shocker double shocker. Yeah What's the highest level of a moji approval you can send me Three lightning bolts three fires three shockers three rain most For sure You know four it's like that's too much like you shouldn't do four for his die-mirty, you know Oh, plus depends on what I say though. So like if there's if it's a word Oh The vowel in the word will they'll be like that that can be infinite Or what do you like if I put I don't know you know like you'll tell me something exciting and I'll put on an all put Dang instead of DANG I'll put D Lorkace a Debending level of excitement a That can go infinitely by the way that can spend 20 text messages even over 20 days And that's how infinite it can be then the first half of the is in lower case the second half of the is are upper case the N Maybe 10 ends PG's all capital then you know then so it depends it just depends But yes, well Like I said I think you communicate well But yeah, that sounds on a series note in regards to communication that is effective You know what I mean you can sense my level of excitement as opposed to cool period Yeah, no, no, you're you were You're playing with that real quick Oh, that's funny I like Anyway Next question if you are ready Sorry, I'm not all good I'm gonna good mood. I guess yeah the rainbow of mine That's nice Darius jacco speaking of Lighthearted nice emotions Darius jacco you just get before Okay, my my my my my okay jacco what is the difference between extreme ownership versus the easy button Can you elaborate I just need a little more clarification to connect the dots in my situation okay again So as a leader yes, of course you are supposed to take ownership of everything extreme ownership of everything That's what we talk about all the time But does this mean That you say I will do this and I will do that and I will do the other thing and I will do everything that the team is supposed to be doing No, that's that's not what I'm talking about now ownership does mean That you get things done You are responsible for making sure things get done that's what ownership is it is our team is in charge of something if our team is in charge of a project and And we don't get it done it's my fault. It's not anybody else's fault So that's that's what it is it means you take responsibility when things go wrong It means you take responsibility for problems and you get them fixed that's definitely ownership Now the easy button and when I talk about the easy button in a negative way because that's what I'm doing here It's when your subordinates come to you and say How should I do this or or what's the best way to execute this or can you Can you tell me a good plan on on how we should make this happen or even Hey, there's bad news can you come tell my people Because I don't really want to do it now if you say yes to those types of things on a regular basis Then what you're doing is you're actually you're actually stunting the growth of your subordinate leader because instead when you come to me and you say Hey, Jocke we got this mentioned we got a plan. How do you think we should do it if I say okay? We should come in from the north you should you know set up over watch position here you should move through the target from this direction You you didn't learn anything you just took what I told you and said I say Go come up with your best plan and come back to me and brief me on it and so now You might be kind of bummed out because you wanted you didn't have one half to do this extra work But now you got to go do the extra work, but now you're learning and in two or three times you're not even coming to ask me anymore You're gonna come with a plan and because we already did a psycholopter cycle of you say hey Here's my plan and we say hey make this adjustment and you come back next time you say here's my plan I say make this little adjustment and eventually you know to make those adjustments on your own and now you can do it by yourself And that's what we want I don't want to stunt the growth of my subordinate leaders so I don't want to be an Easy button So you're providing the easy button like that's what they're talking about when they see easy button Yeah, if you want to be that you don't want to be easy button for everybody else and I also No one's gonna be able to take your job from you which is actually what you want you want I want to make every one of my subordinate so good that they can take my job from me that means I can step up and look forward and look out and they can do a better job of handling what they've got a handle and eventually when it's my time to get promoted I got people to take my place and we're all good Of course that doesn't mean leave them blind or let them fail don't do that give you want to give them rope But you don't give them enough rope to hang themselves You give them enough rope that they maybe get a little not in the rope and it gives a little bit sloppy and you and then you go over to me Say it's not here. Let me help you get that on tide and now you give them the rope again So you don't you know in in a in the military You don't let someone go do a mission that's real where someone's gonna get hurt killed or a mission failure Because you wanted to not be the easy button. No. You don't do that in the civilian sector You don't let someone lose a big client or lose a bunch of money or make a mistake that costs a bunch of capital because you didn't want to be the easy button No, no, I'm now might you let someone make a little mistake Sure little mistake that costs them a little bit of money. Sure. So they learn a lesson sure But you know what I'm following your place. You don't let them hang your hang themselves. So that's that Next question Dearest Jocco a Question for you in the podcast our fire department promotion process has role playing scenarios And those role playing scenarios I lose points because I'm not outwardly passionate corner quote, you know I would have to fake it to succeed and I'm not a fake person is this worth it to fake it when seeking promotion It's not like I'm gonna fake it once I attain the promotion Okay, this is a very cool question This question a lot and actually on this guy sent me this question on Facebook. I responded Very quickly and simply my response was play the game. Yeah, so fake it play the game And and you know what he wrote back got it. Yeah, so good for him. Yeah, because what everybody I think thinks I'm gonna say is that no You think yourself no, you don't play the game. You're not gonna get up there and act all passionate about stuff. You're you your hard court no Yeah, play the game now you because you what you're doing you play the game. You you want to do a good job And you're doing your job and doing your job doing any job requires some level of Faking it. Yeah, now does this mean that you're a fake person? No, it means that you're trying to do a good job Think if every time that your boss came in with a dumb idea and you your reaction was to say that's a dumb idea Yeah Is that gonna get you anywhere or every time a customer had an idiot idiot idiot idiotic complaint about something You were like hey you're an idiot Yeah, or every time your life said You know, is this chicken dry and you said it's drier than a piece of cardboard and the Sahara Desert is that is that? You know, would you would you benefit from that? How would that work out? You would he would not work out? Well in any of those cases you have to play the game. Yeah have to play the game and I know I know that that's hard and I'll tell you what I did to get myself over playing the game I turned it into a game in my head. I was like I'm I'm gonna build a relationship with this boss that I don't like I'm gonna do it. Yeah, I'm gonna build the best relay. That's my game. I'm gonna become this guy's bro, right? When I was at Officer Canada school You gotta do the most ridiculous rules They have these these rules that you've got to follow that were really annoying And you know what I did I executed the rules Hurger and more stringently than than anybody thought was even remotely necessary and had fun with it I Played that game I You know if I've got a peer that may be Competing with or there's some tension. I'm gonna support them. I'm gonna play the game That's what I'm saying. You got to play the game now. Does this make me a bad person or a fake person? No, why because you're doing this the reason you're playing the game the reason you're acting this way is For benevolent reasons Right this this guy at the fire department. He's not Trying to get promoted so that he can you serve the powers and then take over no He's trying to get into a position where he can better lead and serve and and Step up and raise young leaders underneath him. That's what you're trying to do you're not trying to sneak into a position You don't deserve and you're not trying to build relationships So you can take advantage of people for your own benefit that that would be a fake person Yeah, in my opinion you're trying to move But if you're trying to move up and rank so you can do better and you can take care of the troops and you can increase readiness There's nothing wrong with that and if you don't play the game to set some level You're not gonna get promoted and guess what then people that played the game that might be less Less qualified to do that job. They're gonna get the job because you wouldn't play the game your two stubborn your ego is too big So you got to put that aside and I'll tell you something else Learn from what you're being told if If you're showing no passion if you're showing like a zero motion that's bad people will not connect with you And if they don't connect with you They don't follow you if they don't connect with you. You're not building relationships with people if you don't have relationships with people You don't have a good team So Show a little bit of passion sometimes you got to fake it. That's fine. You're just a really Unpassionate person cool show a little bit of passion Fake it a little bit Learn it a little bit because it's actually gonna be beneficial I would love for you to fake it for a little while until you start caring What like what are you not passionate about? Are you not passionate about the job? Are you not passionate about your firefighter about saving people's lives? Are you not passionate about having a square-to-weight apartment? You of course you're passionate about that stuff otherwise you wouldn't be you wouldn't be sending me a message saying hey How do I get advanced? How do I do better? Yeah, you are passionate about it And that's fine. It's good. Um I say it all the time, you know if you don't have any emotions that you're a robot and robots people don't follow robots So sometimes you got to show a little bit of that emotion and passion to Connect with people that's okay. Yeah, don't be scared. Hold me. Yeah, don't be scared. No Yeah, because that's really the thing right is showing it. Of course you're passionate about but showing it There's different people there something right and I dig it I don't always be like showing how fired up I am all the time or whatever in whatever scenario whatever But you're right that does help Yeah, like when you want something exciting about it It's and there's a there's a dichotomy here Yeah, because there's some people that will show too much emotions. Yeah, and there's some people that will not show enough So you want to be somewhere balanced in the middle. Yeah Yeah Yeah, it's true and I dig it to when because it does feel like faking it because like in football the tradition is like to be fired up on the sidelines Let's go let's go, we know like that can but probably sometimes you know have the energy for that Sometimes you're kind of just nervous and you want to focus on what you got to do or whatever You know, but it's kind of part of the game, you know and and it does help the people around you too It's like okay, he's fired up. Okay, maybe I'm not fired up now, but he's kind of getting me fired up You know and it kind of like helps the team yeah, but yeah, so yeah, sometimes it doesn't feel like comfortable to do Express outwardly, you know, how passionate what it helps plus is fake like faking it That's like a framing thing too, you know, like yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you frame it like you're faking it versus how you said you're playing the game Right, you're playing the game because you want to do a better job Yeah, you want to get promoted. You want to get promoted for the right reasons. Yeah There's nothing wrong with that. Yeah, that's that. Yeah. That's good. I think if you can kind of bend and stretch yourself in an uncomfortable way For the end of it, you know, you know, I think where people I think that term of faking it No one wants to be a fake person right, yes, which which is why you're correct in that the way that's framed Is I'm being a fake person and No one wants to be a fake person yeah At the same time You have to Grow and you have to adjust and if you're gonna be in a leadership position you're gonna do things that you don't That you wouldn't have man. I do that all the time I mean what I was in a military you know, I worked with people that I you know I've said this before I go I work with people both belomian the chain command and above me in the chain command that I despise They never knew it. They don't know who they are right now Dang But you know, you got it. Is that make me a fake person? No makes me a professional Makes me a professional doing my job because I wasn't gonna get let some little personal emotion in mine or some Oh, that guy's does this and I don't like that so I'm not gonna like him and and now we have an adversary relationship and now I But got a problem. Yeah, no. I'm playing the game play the game So what's the line what is the fake person genuinely? Well I was gonna as you asked me what the line is the line is if you go against what your principles are You know, so if you've got fundamental principles that they say oh if you want this job But what we need to do is Fill out a report about Billy Saying that he did something wrong that you know he didn't do wrong Hmm, right then you go no I'm not gonna do that that that that's what that's bad, right? That's not now you're not just playing the game Now you're going against your principles of being an honest person about what's happening. Yeah, that's really what it is Right like the honesty when you're a fake person So like if someone's like oh I'm faking it or I'm being a fake person. I said a fake person Like turning on some passion some manufactured passion for the sake of the team and stuff like that that doesn't feel like You're a fake person the fake person is kind of like you'll sit like someone I don't know for example someone's in the room and you're like hey You're great that sure it looks great and you're doing a great job They leave and we like like sucks right bad the reason I'll tell you the difference the reason that someone the reason that you would consider someone and be angry that someone's a fake person is when they are doing it Because they're doing it for personal benefit They're they're saying They're like if if if you were my boss and I come in and I say hey, I go I really like your new haircut looks great I don't really think that Your haircut looks dumb, but I'm gonna say that anyways and everyone knows that all I want to do is get that next promotion That's being fake. Yeah, that's being fake But if I'm saying well, because one of my really doing what I'm doing is I'm I'm making an adaptation I'm glowing I'm I'm doing something that I'm uncomfortable with Because I know it's gonna make me a better leader Hmm well, that's what I should be doing is trying to become a better leader Now again if that if if in this whatever organization what you have to do is Is do something that you don't agree with And it's it's the wrong thing to do And you do it anyways well, then then that's that's that's almost a totally different thing There's that then there's hey, I'm gonna kiss ass Right, so that I get promoted. It's all about me and that's probably the what we think of the definition of a fake person yeah Guys Next question I Saw a weakness in you On your latest podcast you seem to overlook the fact that some infant children were raised in Undiscipline environments with undiscipline parents they grow up having Modeled these undiscipline examples. I hate the fact that I have gross undiscipline behavior Solving this is a major priority in my life you have zero idea of what it of what this Experiences like for me you seem blind to this struggle like a father who would ignore their child's struggle And offer only the words manna so This is a good question and I see where This guy's coming from for sure and I know that it can be very very frustrating to try and become Discipline and I apologize that I haven't talked about the fact of of what to do If you come from an undiscipline family or you have undisciplined parents I haven't really talked about what to do in that situation, but there's a reason that I haven't talked about that before and that is because you don't get Discipline from your parents You don't get discipline from your parents from your grandparents from your older brothers and sisters You don't get discipline from an external source You have to get it from you that's what self discipline is you get it from yourself you get it from you so There's people from every possible background From no parents to crazy parents to you know drug addicted parents to Super square to way parents and every where in between on that spectrum that are completely disciplined people more disciplined than anyone I know It doesn't come from your parents. You don't inherit it and there's another piece here It's called ownership right it's called ownership and if you're if you want to blame other people For the problem and I say this all the time if you don't take ownership of the problem the problem's not gonna get solved So if you blame your parents for not having raised you in a disciplined environment you're not gonna solve that problem You're looking at your parents saying if you would have done a better job Being more disciplined for me. I would be more disciplined now So that means that means you can't do anything the fact of the matter is it's wrong You actually can do something and it doesn't matter What do how your parents raised you and brought you up you can have the discipline you need to decide to do it So As long as you're blaming other people. I mean if you blame me for not discussing it you blame me for having zero Idea what that experience is like you blame your parents for not raising you this way as long as you're blaming other people As long as you're counting on other people to give you discipline as long as you do that you will not have it So again, I I'm sorry I should have made that I should make that more clearly And I'm trying to make it more clearly now and like my parents My parents are are good people they had successful careers as Educators in public schools And my mom eventually became went into school administration my dad taught In high school for 30 something years and they were good hardworking people and but I'll tell you they were no They were no extraordinary preachers of discipline and I'll tell you I had in fact I I never remember either one of them ever using the term or referring to discipline in any way You know when actually both my parents worked they both worked a lot my dad was coaching sports and we're doing after school stuff My mom same thing like we were on our own a bunch My parents were gone in the morning. We got ourselves to school when we got home in the afternoon. They weren't home You know, so it wasn't like they were setting up this rigid discipline manner for me, right and And you can see this with families many many different families There's families that have kids That the parents are very disciplined and the kids are wild and out of control sometimes that problem Attically so right kids that come from really good families, but they get addicted to drugs lack of discipline Kids that come from really good families, but they they spin out of control and and go in the wrong direction and there's also the opposite Which is hey the parents weren't around or the parents were abusive for the parents were drug addicts and and all the The kid comes out of that and is squared away is awesome And we saw that all the time the seal teams and I've said that before on this program doesn't matter It doesn't matter where you're back around is this is what you decide to do yeah And I'll tell you another thing. It's not even From the military like the military requires discipline obviously But there's plenty of people in the military that don't have it Right and and many poor many people lose their discipline when they leave the militaries not being imposed on them anymore So I mean just go look around I mean being in the military does not make you a discipline person Being from a discipline family does not make you a discipline person Being in a discipline group does not make you a discipline person what makes you a discipline- person is choosing to be disciplined So Yeah, and and also as far as telling people the man up Which you know when someone says how do I Get up early every day. I say get up early every day. How do I stop eating sugar stop eating sugar That's the definition of man up But obviously it's not just men that need discipline in their life. I don't think I use that term But what I do tell people is to get after it That's what I tell people to get after it Yeah, I tell people to do the things that they know they're supposed to do Right there's things that you know you're supposed to do as a human being Things that you know are gonna improve your life do those things There's things that you know are gonna make you a worse person and make your life worse don't do those things Don't do the things that are making you weaker start doing the things that are gonna make you stronger and Smarter and faster and healthier and gonna make you a better human being and I'll say the same thing to this guy You want to be more disciplined get after it But it and get up early do some kind of workout eat good foods clean your room Make a list of things that you're supposed to do in your life and then wake up in the morning and do those things That you put on the list That's what discipline is And No, it is not easy But you're not gonna get it from anyone else, but you And it's worth it and it is the thing that is going to bring you freedom That's the key word right there when you said it's worth it You know what I think this is what I think I think like in an environment as like how he put it In undisciplined environment or something like that where he grew up in an undisciplined environment I don't obviously that's a very vague Expression right undisciplined environment. Yeah, that coming a lot of different things so a lot of times like when you're Brought up in a certain environment basically you're kind of taught or or not taught Like like the value of certain things so if you use like I don't know working out or whatever Right, so I'm gonna use myself as an example my dad doesn't athlete You know Not a superior athlete, but he was you know he knew like working out was a part of life and stuff like that and You know in elementary school where doing sports and stuff like that, you know some people They don't do that at all so when they grew up into adulthood that some people straight up Have never worked out before never been in the gym and you know so growing up they they were never taught the value of What work you know does for you? You never taught so they kind of appreciate it They just simply don't know the value sure they see people with you know, you know They're in shape where they can do these things and they're very function whatever they see that of course But they don't have that value. They don't feel that value. They just never learned it So it can come off as like this thing for other people, you know Like all that's what other people do kind of things So they don't understand the value so back to the point in their mind this weird the connection is not made that It's worth it because they don't know the value of it really But if you do know the value of it and then you can decide okay, is this worth it? Is it worth it to wake up every day and in quote unquote get after it for this particular goal or the this particular set of goals? So that's what it is and I think sure the undisciplined environment Can maybe provide that but I think you're right. I think that once you're like oh, yeah, that's worth it Yeah, you know how people they'll find reasons when it's worth it even though they've never experienced like You know like a person who has a heart attack or something is like and they have kids Young kids with some they have a heart attack maybe never worked out ever in their life They have heart attack they almost died. They're like guess what I'm working out every single day I'm a vegetarian now. Yeah, you know like doing major major changes that they've never even thought about making and they'll do it because they decided It's worth it and they'll be disciplined. They'll find that discipline real quick no matter how they're trained As you know they're environment because now you had it's gonna be worth it. That's it Yeah, and if it's not worth it, you said and that I think is what you develop the value of Working out the value of but you develop you can develop that from anywhere That's one of that's but essentially that's certainly developed that from any any you can develop that from from anywhere Yeah, yeah, you can get it from parents you can get it from yeah exactly right exactly right But the discipline itself just like I said that's gonna come from you Your parents can teach it but guess who it has to it's still you it's still you and you can go to the military To specifically learn discipline when you leave It's on you who's it yeah exactly right and just like I said like yeah I know people who were done with the military and are glad they're done with that right they're glad with this waking up early They're bad they get they've done for six months they're out of shape. They're not doing it productive It's it's horrible to say yeah, but it happens happens with the military it happens with anything Yeah, because when kids get out of high school sports You know, and all of a sudden they don't want enough to do that anymore I don't have to listen to coach yeah Crazy don't listen to coach listen to yourself yourself. Yeah Did determine whether or not it's worth it and I'm telling you that you don't need to determine I'm telling you It's worth it. Oh, yeah, I'm telling you it is worth it. And you know what you actually know it's worth it That's why you're asking this question you know it's worth it You know it's worth it to have discipline, but you think there's an easier way You think that it's something that people have you think that when jocos alarm clock goes off It's like oh just like my father taught me I rise and I shine you know like no It's like the pillow feels soft and comfortable and the alarm clock is banging on my head And I don't like it, but you know what I know it's worth it to get up and get after it I know it's worth it and you know it's worth it. Here's the thing though. We all know it's worth it Is it in a way you're right, but like really though really I'm gonna be open and honest with you. I don't think that people know it's worth it I think they know it's worth it like the kind on paper. You know they have a multiple choice question is it worth it? Yes or no, they'll be like yes. Obviously. I know working out is worth it But here's the thing. I don't if you don't know if you don't like like having good credit for example So I never got taught like why Really my mom said yeah, you should have good credit. That's it. That's the limit to my education on credit Right, so of course they're below it because they get you know I fall for literally all the tricks It's self-inflicted and otherwise Credit gets jammed up so I don't know. I don't know the value. I don't know. I have never experienced the benefits of having good I don't know the value of the credit. So it really didn't mean much to me really my credit was like junk and I didn't care until I got Denied for something then I cared you know, but just like if you're never into working out until you're in a specific situation where it shows But but like this guy that's asking this question and glad he's asking the question. I'm not I'm trying I'm not trying to come off all hard Um But he realizes He realizes the value of discipline because he's saying that he wants it right? He knows that it's gonna make his life better. Yeah, and and and that's why I think he's he's gotten jammed up In whatever way we don't know because I don't know him maybe he's gotten unhealthy maybe he's you know Who knows? Maybe he's gotten his finances jammed up? What ever the case may be he knows that discipline is better for them him? He knows that he does know This isn't a guy that doesn't know yet because sure there's people that don't you know when you're 16 years old You don't know the value of discipline. You don't know that the what you're at the way you're acting right now It's gonna affect you in five years. You don't know that you can set yourself you're to hold life up to be pretty awesome Yeah, you don't know that yet. You're just like worried about where you're going on a Friday night right? Yeah, so this guy knows And he wants it and He's looking for where he can find it and where he can find it is in the mirror. Yeah, that's where it is So do it brother good luck get on the path and stay on the path Yeah, and that's gonna be beneficial when you do the I've a stem harshly maintaining that like not knowing the value is a big is a big thing it's kind of like okay So back to my credit thing There is a point at the end where okay, so You know like I don't know 10 years ago or whatever I I Repaired my credit I my credit was repaired I went to it was painstaking not fun stuff But I did it got my credit repaired and now I know the value because as an adult I'm functioning It's useful now, you know, so now I know the value of having good credit because I've been through all the things that Having good credit Bring you through you know now I'm thinking I'll never go back to bed, okay, never it's what that every single day I'm telling you that I agree with what you're saying yeah, I agree with what you're saying I'm saying that this guy knows the value and that's why he wants it Yeah, it's like when you freak realize that you got denied for something and you were like oh That oh credit has value I understand that yeah something happened in his life where he said discipline has value I know that now, but you did credit repair And and what you said was okay, I need to go out and repair my credit you didn't say hey, you know what my mom didn't tell me about bad credit now I have bad credit. Yeah, so now what am I supposed to do you know who repaired your credit? Who repaired your credit? It was a combination of my wife and I but yeah, but who repaired your credit? Yeah, we did it. Yeah, we did this You took responsibility for it and said okay, I'm gonna get my credit for you. You talked to you Life because she's smarter than you. She was like hey, I will I will help this but it was you that said okay, I got to get this fixed and you got help But you knew to reach out for help But you're the one that ultimately is responsible for yeah, you're right about that like I didn't like And it blame my parents and then continue I mean that good right right like you said no I got to get value this this thing has credit has value I need to fix it yeah, and you fixed it yeah, regardless the way I came from regardless So what oh, you know, oh, you don't know how to work out cool then you go higher personal trainer because you know it's gonna it's the right thing to do You know what I mean? Oh, you don't know how to repair your finances cool go get a counselor that's gonna help you repair your finances Oh, you're addicted to drugs or alcohol. Okay. I'm gonna go find a counselor or join a group so I can get through that thing Yeah, no one's gonna hold your hand and bring you into any of those situations you gotta do yourself you gotta have the discipline to make it happen Number seven good morning Did you find that people in the military mock those that emphasize the importance of good leadership Who take leading and our responsibility seriously? What does that mean mocking like Big fun of you. Yeah, like what people in the military making making fun of you Because you take leadership super seriously. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, this is a nice go. This is an interesting question. So it makes me a little bit nervous Because my suspicion is that this individual might be going about being a good leader the wrong way And if you go about it the wrong way people can take offense to it if you're the guy that goes around telling everyone that you're a leader And you're trying to be great leader people will take offense to that But you can't make that part of your thing right People that talk about the importance of good leadership right they come across as implying that they are a good leader and and That can be offensive especially if you aren't quite as good of a leader as you think you are She ran around like you understand how important leadership is Like just think about that statement right there you understand the importance of leadership echo I'll all of a sudden I'm basically telling you like I'm a good leader and you're not right when the reality is just the way I'm talking proves that I'm not a good leader Because I'm talking down to you So we have a problem right there and also If you Take leading and our leading responsibility seriously. What does that actually mean? Does that mean that you can't have any fun with your team? Does that mean you can't laugh at yourself when you've made a mistake? Does that mean that you are trying so hard to give off the impression that you are a great leader that it appears to everyone else that you aren't Really who you act like and that your character is is disingenuous Right if I'm if I'm constantly trying to put up this front that I'm the great leader everyone starts looking at me thinking that guy's not even That's not that's not the real him. He's just trying to rock around like a like a He's not true right you think about that you're trying to build trust it and as a leader We we're trying to build trust we talked you can dick winters talking about honesty being the most one of the most important traits of a leader but if we're putting up a facade and how we act that does not come across as honest And that doesn't build trust in fact it builds the opposite and Also if if if you have to put up a leadership front If you have to put up a leadership front if in other words if sometimes you have to act a certain way Fake it going back to something earlier if you have to act and fake like a leader that means you might be You might be insecure about your leadership capability and you will come across as insecure and people Consents that insecurity so that can be very problematic Also if you're so into being a good leader That probably means that you have issues Giving up the reins That means that you are probably micro managing Because you want to be a leader you want to prove everyone that you're a good leader and so you start micro managing and No one wants to follow a micro manager. They don't want to do that And if you add All these things together What what do people end up doing They end up mocking you They end up mocking the things that you think are important like leadership itself They start to make fun of it It's The it's like the needle I think its name is Needle myor in animal house Is this the right name? I don't know I've got a kind of a movie reference Yeah, I don't know if you do this is messed up I like you can give you the John blue sheet. That's all So there's it's like the leader the the ROTC guy. Yeah, he's a guy that's like Mr. Leader And everyone makes fun of him. Yeah, he's trying to be a great leader. He's trying to be the Aforetative figure everyone is making fun of him So you have to be careful in this case I would recommend You move to the center a little bit more meaning that on the one hand you have a leader that isn't building relationship isn't building trust Expects people to do is they are told and and treat treat that leader with respect to even though they haven't earned it That's not a good leader on the other hand. You have leaders that are too close with the troops has Very personal relationships two personal Relationships with the team and has lost any semblance of authority over the team So there's your two extremes you want to be balanced in the middle You want to build relationships with your people you want to build your team up And also forcing leadership on the people does not work any more than forcing a religion or a diet or a workout or a political breed belief system And can you make someone from a from a leadership perspective if you have a 40 over other people Can you make someone bow down to your program mechanically for a little while? Now yeah, you can you can but If it's not from them if they're not part of it Willfully it's not going to work over time So you know don't be people up verbally with your leadership lessons Hmm don't make it your external religion that you are forcing on people internally Yes, of course, obviously my I always thought about leadership I always thought about leadership But I wasn't barking it and I don't I don't even think I don't even think Like my the best the people that taught me the most about leadership They never said the word to me about leadership Right and I'm not saying that that's the best course of action because because sometimes it is good You know pull someone aside and say hey This the way you're acting right now in front of your troops and that that's not gonna be effective Sometimes that is good Especially once you've built the relationship because if I don't have a relationship with you I can when I say hey, I need to talk you hey the way you're treating your guys right now Isn't gonna go over very well with them. What's your reaction gonna be you're gonna be pissed? Yeah, you think I don't know my guys. I know them better than you and we're gonna have a problem I did I accomplished nothing my coaching and mentoring of you Was horrible because we didn't have a relationship So you're not listening And obviously of course when I start coaching and mentoring that implies that I'm the greatest leader of all time That's my that's the thnm Plied statement you saw come great which people reject that as well especially when you're not that great of a leader in the first place Hmm So don't talk about it so much just leave be a good leader open up the discussions Take a wrap off come from the flank instead of going straight on maneuver tactically and tactfully get into their heads and make better leaders By actually Yeah Yes, kind of like that lead you know lead by example kind of thing it kind of makes you like the question kind of how you said at the beginning it makes you wonder He says the question is do you find the people in the military mock those that emphasize the importance of good leadership You kind of think yourself. I wonder how this person is emphasize in the importance of good is he the guy at the party who you know People are talking about I don't know the food or something then he just bust out leadership stuff You know that guy you know who's like everything on a like the RLTC guy Yeah, like everything he's just pushing it everything, you know leadership everything Leadership is everything, we weren't even talking about that leadership is everything kind of thing either way Work this is coming from a person me that I literally talk about leadership all the time I think yeah, and I actually think that way and I get up on stage and in companies and in front of military members and police officers And I talk about leadership that's what I talk about all the time. Yeah And that's what you know what's interesting that's what makes about face By Colonel David Hackworth the one of the best things about that book is it's not a leadership book He doesn't he just talk he barely talks about he barely says a straightforward sentences That this is how you lead it's all from the flank and that's why it gets you so Well because it's from the flank Yeah, it's not a book about leadership doesn't even say like you know How many books get published all the time? You know this is a leadership book I wrote a book with life How to lead and win yeah hackworth did it better hackworth's like oh this is about Or read it yeah in a way hey, I digley you've seen but obviously that's your job Well, I guess my point is that if you're if this is coming from someone who talks about leadership all the time Literally wrote a book about leadership. Yeah, and I'm saying hey you might not want to talk about it That's my point. Yeah, yeah, that's my point. Yeah good point just just just Back off a little bit. Yeah, so if you were like you know you go on the road you do one of your you know your deals and then you know at dinner With your family you start Going into your leadership stuff with them That's what you should it do. Yes, yes, but I'm what I'm saying is with your team with your platoon You don't sit there and say all right today. We're gonna talk about leadership again Yeah, you don't quote unquote emphasize the importance of good leadership right you Just lead yeah, yeah, they're smarter than you think there you know what you're into doing I'll as you're kind of condescending you can't help it you're treating them like they don't know You want to talk about the importance of leadership. They know what the importance of leadership during the military Yeah, in fact in example of their reaction of how people take it when you start preaching to them You know how they take it they mock you That's a lesson learned you know that's a lesson learned if people are mocking you They're not taking you seriously Yeah, that means you're doing something wrong What you're doing wrong in this case is you're condescendingly talking to them about the importance of leadership They know what the importance of leadership is yeah They're in the military they know how bad it is to have a bad platoon sergeant or bad platoon Platoon commander they know Don't need to rub it in their face yeah I remember I think I told you the story about one of my friends not a names name because I'm Surtin you know you see me, we're at a party and he got he got you and he's Sitting at the table explaining to all of us how badass navy seals are yeah like for a long time Two, this is and he even said those words navy seals are just so badass like we're so badass And this is why and all this stuff and it's the exact same thing because we know navy seals are badass But you sitting here telling us how badass you and yeah all navy seals are is gonna make us mock you Yeah, they're gonna get mocks Yeah, even a little bit You get mocked a lot You be mocked by other navy seals by the way for sure doing that stuff Anyway check well I'm glad that this guy is asking the question I'm glad that the guy is focused on leadership and I hope that these points can come across and be digested with no You know, they're just really easy to get offended by what I'm saying right if you're amulate We just doesn't get it, you know, I mean it's really easy to say that yeah, he's as it Oh, it's easy for him to say he just know what he's talking about I'm the one that's here. I'm trying to get these guys to be better You know, I'm trying to get my but to understand the importance of leadership. I know man I know when I respect that I like the fact that you're have that mindset man. That's awesome. That's awesome Come from the flank a little bit come from the flank man. You're not gonna you're not gonna You're not gonna get that get it done this way. Yeah It's kind of like if you try to convince everyone that you're the most humble person in the world You know I'm like nobody more humble than me. Yeah, I'm the most humble. I'm humbleer than that guy I'm humbleer than you I'm humbleer than anyone who ever lived just the most humble guy in the world Just doesn't work like that. That's a work there Next question Joko how do you lead a team of volunteers How to punish or discipline them can't threaten to fire them Because they're all I have I know a leader does so much More than threatened and punished, but I need some guidance try to motivate but feel the need to do more Thank try to answer this one quickly once again because this is kind of a question I've answered before in a different form Do they understand why they're doing what they're doing and do they understand why it's important? Do they understand how? What they are doing will benefit them? Do they also see you Working hard to try and make things happen So those are those are just the basic questions. Let's just get those out there every time every time someone's not doing what you want them to do Do they understand why they're doing what they're doing? Do they understand why it's important to the mission and do they understand? How being successful in the mission will benefit them? So so let's just get those out of the way next What can we do here have you gamified the situation at all? How do you like that? Gamified right have you gamified the situation because I realized that's a term that's getting thrown around now But we would gamify stupid things all the time in the seal teams to make them fun Right how much brass can you pick up? Let's see I'll pick up more than you my squad will pick up more brass and you'll pick up all this And we're running around the range trying to pick up brass one of the most miserable things that you have to do in the seal teams is pick up brass off the hot range in the summer time And you do it for for like two days Because once you get done with all your work you got to go pick up Millions of rounds of brass spread out all over the desert in in August in the imperial valley It's hot it sucks, but guess what we're gonna do have a contest So what are you gonna do to gamify? Like what kind of cool competition Around some short term goal. Can you set up that's gonna be? That's gonna make it fun for them some kind of cool reward What about some kind of friendly bets Around achieving something like I bet if I raise this much money You know I will go to work with a pair of underwear on my head or you have to you know what I mean whatever these stupid bets You know what we used to do in the teams is we bet one dollar One of my old running mates We we we we had something like critical About you one dollar yeah That was like the biggest bet you could make yeah because it's just it's pure pride So you know and then we we'd always have fun if you were collecting or if you're giving the dollar Collecting the dollar was just totally glorious yeah giving the dollar was shame Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, like you could add like okay when you give me this dollar eight has me in front of everybody V you have to I don't know you have to do it while like walking in your knees just something to real Yeah, but we didn't even have to do all that yeah For you just understand me in my run-and-mate if we won or lost the bet it was like What a loser, you know and you wouldn't even ask for the money you just look at them And this bugged mind he had one of the most classic looks when he'd give you the look when I've lose a bet to him He gave me the look. I I wanted to cry Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, last one more than that. Yeah, last one more So maybe you make a bet for a dollar and if that's not working okay now that's not working if you can't game a fight if you can't have fun with it Maybe ask them while they're why they are there and and figure out What their motivation is for being there and how you can tie that into something concrete and Then also look like you might have some people that aren't really into this and Then lower your expectations of this particular group of people and gone recruit some people that want to get after it Makes sense yeah Have some fun fun goes a long way yeah fun goes a long way having fun doing things goes a long way and And that praise thing to you know when you said like add like a reward or something for Because a lot of times especially volunteers were so you know and we all feel this like even at work You can have like a super fun job, but you'll get you to people generally Be speaking tend to get complacent in one way or another You know when things are routine or things are you know not as exciting or whatever And you know when you're volunteering and that happens it's kind of like you're not tied there by a paycheck really You know, which is just it's just a powerful tie, you know that people have to work. It's like yeah, I don't like my job But it's pays bills and paying the bills is a big deal kind of thing So if you add that element of excitement or fun or you know a little personal payoff in one way or another I think that helps a lot of the time indeed and that tends to happen to if the if the Lee I'm not saying this person is doing this or not doing this, but like if they become kind of complacent and not recognizing how much they they they appreciate the volunteers You know like if they're just like oh, yeah, this just business is usual, you know Thanks for coming in that's kind of it kind of thing and they're you know Then it just gets kind of kind of blog, you know like it doesn't not the payoff that they used to have you know But if you kind of keep that going, it's keep them in the game Next question Do I need to keep training due to if I hate it? I mean can I just live my life the way I think it should be which is of health energy and become becoming a force of nature as a doctor without dreaming up of some invisible enemies on the street that I've yet to come across and preparing and spending my Pitons of wage of a wage on lessons that I hate in every sorts of ways for something that might be avoided physical clash if I learned to use wit and saving my money to move into a good neighborhood and I've been successful in Preventing physical clash is to occur. I've learned basic ways to escape the mount I can run. I'm fairly strong isn't that enough? Okay, so yeah, bro Do you just who is not the meaning of life? All right, you just who has a lot of I mean I find you jitsu very enjoyable. I get a lot out of it beyond Physical training beyond self defense. Yeah, I get a lot out of it and I apply it in all different sorts of realms in my life But if you hate it and And you've learned some basic ways to defend yourself to escape the mount maybe some basic guards type stuff Then then okay, I mean then step away. I mean you shouldn't be going through life doing something that you hate If I were you I'd still train occasionally even if it's just like once every two or three weeks Once a month just to keep some of the ideas fresh and also also there's always the possibility that I'll click in your head and you'll realize There's like a magical thing that you could get out of the jiu-jitsu And it's kind of like waking up, you know waking up at 430 in the morning That's what time I wake up and first of all I'm genetically predisposed to sleep less than most people and And for instance, we just had daylight savings time and Yeah, and so and I went to bed so I set back my clock and it was it was like 940 at night So went from 1040 when I was going to bed I set back my clock and now it's 940 Yeah, that's an all-cooling you know all to sleep extra hour We know it's how my woke up like 248 And then I I made him bed saying no sleep more sleep more I couldn't do it so I got out of about a 330 But that's that's that's me and and that's that's just me And It depends what your schedule is it depends on what your genetic makeup is for sleep and if you work the night shift then obviously You're working at 430 in the morning or you're getting off at work of work at 430 morning So this just doesn't work and I I try and put that caveat on pretty much everything that I say like my workouts When I eat Everyone's a little bit different and I like what I like and and I do what I do and it works for me and you can try it Then if you come up with something that's better I'll listen to you And that's the same with your juts your man if you hate it then you know, maybe it's not for you and and You know what I what I truly think might my true thought is it beneficial for you? Yes, it is Should you stop doing everything that you don't like just because you don't like it? No I mean there's some things that you should press on should you get it should everyone have a fundamental level of knowledge of jutsu? It's very very beneficial But if you hate it and and you've kind of come back conclusion then don't do it yeah and and I think also Once you give yourself that out Once you give yourself the out and you're not forcing yourself to do it anymore Yeah, it might open up your mind to actually enjoy it and try it and not be miserable about it. Yes. Yeah That's what actually what I was gonna say. I was like it's but they're probably and I don't know But easily this some people don't like it straight up. I got I accept that I know I know but That being said there is a possibility that the environment that This person or that's people training sometimes will make you not like it and it's not necessarily the jutsu You don't like sure not it wound up that way you don't like jutsu anymore because you were kind of Pushed in the wrong direction as far as like what you You like and don't like so you could try a different school try different try different school Yeah, like I said earlier today some schools are really strict and rigid and maybe that's Would be better for you some schools are real wild and there's no control maybe that that would be a better school Depending on what your personality is Some people like that regiment and environment. Yeah. Yeah. You could you could definitely try a different school But again, I think I think the mental hurtled to come over is You've told yourself that you have to do it and now tell yourself you don't have to do it if you don't want to But certain in any state try different school It's the environment that you train in so the school's part of the environment for sure But it's like training partners. It's like the Which can lined up as the pressure you put on yourself? It's like everything, you know the whole Environment so I know that and people are different people told some people they want that pressure They want people yelling you know like remember I used to tell you like when you start coaching either me Just in training you know like you'll get fired up when you see two people training or whatever and you'll be like Do this really and you'll start coaching it's almost like you're like as a friend you're doing it like just for fun and you're like Okay, do this and you usually coach up the other guy when I'm rolling with him and That other guy oh he's getting coached by jocco so he turns up the heat and bro I don't like that because it's now it's like a thing. I know I don't like that at all But some people do like that so people that get some fired up it gets some more in the game, you know So I'm saying people are different so So the possibility is that this guy Happens to be in the wrong environment for you jitsu for him for you to do for him self. Yeah Exactly as a possibility and just like I you said You know he he could very well be putting that pressure on himself like you have to go and everyone Saying how great it is and it's the best thing and if you don't show up to practice you're black and you're lame or get on the best You know like if you get told all the time It's the best thing in the world and then you show up there and you get beat up which is what happens Yes, and you and now you're like how does everyone like this? Yeah, this doesn't feel good to me and you just go on a negative mindset right? Yeah, so you should be careful that and that's not to mention when you even imply that you don't necessarily like it Oh, yeah, because you suck. Oh, yeah, because you're this or you're weaker You're whatever you're a slacker like basically all this negativity, you know It's gonna turn you off even more so now yeah, you hate it now. Yeah, which which there's a reality of it is some some things Don't agree with some people Right, that's that's a reality like there's some things in the world That that I don't I I just don't like them Like when we were driving to LA you're playing some music. Yeah, some of the music that you're playing is is popular music I just don't like it. I just don't like it and and There's other things like that in the world I'm trying to think of things that I just just like other people like them. Yeah, and I just don't like them. I just don't Pokemon go That's one yeah, I mean, I don't I'm never even thought about Pokemon go. It seems like a cool idea You got you look for things on your phone. I mean, oh, I'm not that's not the type of thing that I'm talking about You know, I guess dancing at the club I mean, I don't care about I'm trying to think of something that some I guess music is the best is one of the best examples For me is is you know, I hate this certain types of music certain artists Like life Late late flex hair late flex hair metal from the nine The legit likes it and I like legit do not like it and and the reason I use the reason that's a good example Is because that's not far off from kind of the music that I do like I mean, I like I like I like Led Zeppelin. I mean, I love Led Zeppelin, right? Led Zeppelin's awesome and and the step from Led Zeppelin to to to poison I mean you could you could they could be in the same record category in the store, right? Rock and roll. Yeah, uh, Led Zeppelin. I love I Poison kind of turns my stomach. I hate it and so that's an example of so some things they just don't sit well with you and and maybe jiu-jitsu doesn't sit well with this guy now Like I said, I think there's a lot of benefits to it. I think you get it a lot out of it try a different environment But if you hate it, don't make force yourself to do it open open the escape Right give yourself an out and that allows you to feel more comfortable because you feel trapped everyone feels like a cornered animal And now you're just pissed off. Yeah, you if you've been like hey these guys everyone I hear everyone talking about your jiu-jitsu, so I'm gonna try it. Yeah, and now your first day. You don't like it But you're like I'm gonna keep doing it because everyone's saying it's great And you just end up in a bad way. Yeah, so be careful with that one. Yeah, you're gonna trap Do with it with the junk parts of it. Yeah, that kind of came about and yeah, and you can't really escape it then you're like Rebelligance it Yeah, check remember when we were driving up to LA. I was playing carry by Europe that is actually technically at 80s Hair metal. Yeah, that's an easy for sure, but you're really mad. Yeah, yeah No, I'm telling you that music doesn't sit well with me for some reason you got a little bit And I'm going back to life like layflakes Metallica layflakes black Sabbath layflakes tool He likes rocking bands too yeah for some reason there's some genetic code in his head that poisoned's cool Yeah, just let's it right in Mine gets the and hole yeah, but then I guess on the other end of the spectrum you get we get into music that Life and like like life like Spantara, Panterra is a hard band now. I go one step further than Pantara right in some of the some of the music that I listen to Which I think leaves life a little bit where he wouldn't listen to some of the harder music that I listen to But Pantara was you know brushing up against it. Hey, do you listen to soft music? Come on. What do you consider soft music? That's something about love songs. I don't know so you know Something soft you know what I'm seeing I'd say white buffalo white buffalo is hard acoustic music, but you know he's got some pretty melos songs He got a song called love song number one. What's it about though like is he is it like romantic? You know, is he talking about? Yeah, he's love. I would say yes a girl or something like that. I would say yes He kind of does account because you know how like well how can that not count? I don't know because you know how like like Metallica for example. They have unforgiving right so it sounds softer, but they're still talking about hard stuff Okay And then they have like enter San Man which is okay. Well, and I guess I'm just not no my answer to you is no Like do you like what about Zeppelin but I won't see you're still talking about like these aren't soft things like you know Okay, so I'll explain algebra remember remember algebra and you're like what the Yes, you're pissed you're mad at me personally like you And you're like who is this and no no, you know what though actually I played another song Ah, who was it? He was like Josh Radin or something and you were like hey, this is pretty good. I was very surprised. It was a soft song Okay, do you remember that's well my musical taste are very yeah Different types of music. Yeah, so I guess sometimes types of music that I don't like yeah I sometimes wonder with you like if you're the kind you know how some people they they just just I like music Not I'm not saying me. I'm just saying certain people they are into just a specific type of music That's it that's the whole reason for music in their head is like this very specific feeling like some people That I know before they they only like house music they aren't like anything other than house music Yeah, it's like it's just they old brother listen to nothing So I was wondering if you were like kind of that kind of where because I was in all different kinds of music Well least just not Maybe not all different yeah, no, okay, you're right. I listened to a wide range of various types sure There you go Not elder or although I forget the song, but you was you can refer back to it later Other time cool All right next question how about that Kind of feel bad for the guy who hates do you get to that's kind of crazy. Yeah, it's a bummer But it's it's not that rare. Yeah, makes sense. It totally makes it and I was actually talking with you know Dave came around sure I know who that is yeah, well I was up with him up in San Francisco area yesterday and We were talking about how some people don't like jiu-jitsu Yeah, and you'd think even people that are you would think would like jiu-jitsu People that have jobs that Jiu-jitsu would be really beneficial for them to know yeah, they don't like jiu-jitsu and and so and I was saying that I've introduced a lot of people to jiu-jitsu a lot of people to jiu-jitsu Not many of them have actually stuck with it for a long period of time yeah, but and and so It's not that rare For people to not like jiu-jitsu. Yeah, and I I dig it's like not sticking with it because jiu-jitsu takes work It's not like the easy thing that they provide just someone oh your size difference between not like in jiu-jitsu and not actually sticking with it Yes, so this guy straight up. I hate it. Yeah, yeah, that's something that's a little bit more powerful Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like definitely doesn't like people don't stick with it for the most part This is just a total guess on my point. Yeah, lazy and like discipline. Yeah, like they're they just they They don't like it enough on in on a kind of moment to moment basis to get off the couch and go That's kind of it. No, it's one of those situations Next question Jockel I have a question after reading your book which I thought was one of the best books. I've read since your last book Nice I'm curious what what you did during your sealed team days to maintain your your schedule As I would imagine in the teams your schedule changes at any minute to include you being deployed or active during your various missions at night So as in life how do you keep your balance of your schedule when do you call in your book? You say Keep your schedule but how did you work through this when you Would be on a mission that didn't allow you to sleep at night? Did you still did you still the following day upon return maintain your normal schedule Appreciate your time and response okay Yeah, obviously the teams your schedule and the teams can vary a lot and you have to adopt to what makes sense and Sometimes in the teams you're working 18 20 hour days sometimes out in the field you're going to the field for two three four five days at a time Sometimes You're working for 24 hours a day or you work for 36 hours straight because you do planning in the bubble Was so that could be wrong with sometimes you're doing dives You're doing two dives a day and That takes a bunch of time and it takes a toll on you. It's hard work. I guess you could say Sometimes we're running around all day or all night Running around the desert running around the urban training facility and So the schedule's changing all the time and it's the same thing with business the same thing with business Right now I travel and the flight leaves early the flight leaves late or the work all day Are they dinner with the clients or the interview with a writing or the the recording of the podcast or the changing time zones and things just change And so what what I do is yes, I try and I try and keep the schedules much as I can and if I fall off the schedule for whatever reason I get back on it as quickly as possible and I think so so yes, you do the best you can. I think the main thing you have to watch out for is letting Letting a change in schedule Or a problem in your schedule Being excuse to fall off the path, right that's what you have to watch out for You know we think oh I'm in a new time zone or I've got jet lag or I didn't sleep well Or I need rest from traveling or I did this the other night and so I'm gonna sleep until 930 tomorrow morning and just call it good That's what you have to watch out for now sometimes you need to work to 9th these sleep till 930 yeah Sometimes you do sometimes you stay up for 36 hours you go to bed at three o'clock in the morning Guess what you might need to sleep until 930 that's cool good do it get some sleep But just be careful of Using it as an excuse To go way off the path and just get yourself back on the path as soon as possible Makes sense yes, sir Yeah, that's all me right there like one little thing on my schedule throws up on this whole day is gone. I'll do tomorrow He's got a careful net Speaking of schedule I think we're about good for questions. There's one more thing that I wanted to close out with and you know I get a lot of I get a lot of really a great emails I got a lot of great Messages through social media Letters written letters get all those kinds of things and I appreciate them all I don't always respond to all them because I physically cannot do it and you know of course You know oh get someone to manage your social media or whatever not doing that If you hear back from me you hear from me not from somebody that I paid $10 an hour to respond to my stuff and say cool get after it like no Not doing that but You know I get all these things and I do read them so if you send it I read it and so I appreciate the feedback and everything I got one though that I that was good. I wanted to Actually wanted to read on here because I felt that it not only Said hey thanks for you know The podcast or whatever and thanks for the books whatever it actually gave some pretty good methodology and really an insight into a mindset that I think will help people Doing what they're doing so Here we go Mr. Willink just wanted to share a quick story with you At 39 I had fallen into a 15-year rut of undisciplined alcoholism I was soft and heavy and wanted to change Earlier this year I had started working out three to four times a week in my basement I was trying and failing to get a handle on my alcohol abuse and every failure made the beast seem bigger and unbeatable It was like I didn't have control over my body I Finished your book on a Monday night and decided that I would get up early the next morning and work out I got up and worked out Not much but I just wanted to do something Sit-ups pushups 15 minutes on the bike Worked out twice Tuesday Got up Wednesday and did it again Got to Thursday night a normal drinking night and decided to try not drinking Made it through Friday same thing worked out morning and night stayed busy and stayed away from the drink Falled I should try and push it through the weekend Worked out Saturday morning Took the rest of the weekend often stayed dry Monday morning I got up and started two days again Made it through the week with 11 workouts By the second week I felt better than I had in my entire life I was astounded that normal people walked around feeling this good I guess not systematically poisoning your body will do that On the fifth week I got a project at work that was going to require traveling for the next eight weeks I was worried about overcoming my triggers and road habits But normal traveling evening was dinner watch cable and drink eight beers To my surprise the hotel at a sweet gym cool. I'll just keep doing what I'm doing Then at the site I found out that we would start work at 6 a.m Damn that means I have to get up at four to work out On 12 weeks into my traveling two a days usually getting 11 to 12 workouts a week They recently moved our start time to 7 a.m. so now I get an hour and a half in the morning and evening I'm 16 weeks clean Drop 30 pounds or more haven't been on a scale in three weeks 34 waste jeans hang off of me My sit up and push-up sets went from 10 to 40 to 50 Kettabel swings went from 35 by 10 to 50 by 15 I started to learn how to run as I haven't done it in 20 years Now after a day off I can do two miles without stopping I do four to five miles on the treadmill and nine miles on the bike besides the sit-ups push-ups Kettelbells core and weights I look forward to next year's competitive shooting season. I'm going to bring it At this point my cravings are gone and I actually recoil from the smell of booze When I started this I thought it would be temporary Now it's going to be permanent no reason to waste time with it anymore Now when I question something your voice comes to me with the hard answer It's only black and white with no gray area One day when I'm standing before the lured lord and here is voice if it doesn't sound like yours I might be disappointed The book I read those months ago was the way of the warrior kid I'm working on extreme ownership now Thank you for your service. Thank you for producing a badass podcast Thank you for influencing my life So There you go And I say this to people all the time Most important here is it isn't me It's you and Sure you may have grabbed some little foot hold from the podcast or from one of the books But it isn't me that changes you it's you You You set the small goals you achieve those goals then set some more and achieve those and set some more goals Maybe a little bit bigger, but not that much bigger You pay attention to the progress this guy is 16 weeks deep 30 pounds lighter Working harder stronger faster more efficient competitive The individual that wrote that is getting after it and changing his life and you can too Just start start small Start with changing tomorrow morning just tomorrow morning Get that square to away And then move on to the next day and the next and move your life to a better place one little step One little victory at a time Appreciate the letter and I think that's all I've got for tonight So echo speaking of people getting Better stronger and faster And actually supporting the podcast if they want to do that sure do you have any suggestions for us sure of course I do I can talk about the fact that origin has a new key coming out Good on I don't know that the name of the you know keys have names You know like the origin does yeah, yeah, you know That's a cool name do by the vaccine, but this one is called I think Discipline I think it's called discipline. I think it might be called discipline. Yeah Not the discipline. This is just this discipline. I could be called that sure you could check it out origin main dot com right yeah surprisingly aesthetically Great I would say it's I would say it's probably Is the term they use like on brand on brand meaning it kind of fits fits your brand okay sure It does that yeah, yeah, yeah, it totally does it um It's like yeah, it's not the kind where you know like some keys like You look at them you can tell there's like all these bells and whistles as far as decorations go You know, yeah, it's a good word decorations. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, so but he's looking for decorations Here's the thing though. There are some there are some uh how should I say functional Decorations and now that's not actually a good word for it anyway. It looks cool put it that way it looks cool You know basically Kind of lighter weight one For functionality but awesome nonetheless look at it. I got a way one I know you got the black one How do you know I don't have both yeah, I'm sure you do have both and I'm still working on the black one but that's a long story nonetheless it's a good one and Like back when we first started everyone would ask and I don't want to say everyone but a lot of people You know, I don't like I Don't say that yeah a lot of people I say some people some people some people but the thing is a lot of people though it's like a lot of people What do you should I get making the disclaimer it was a lot of people wasn't kind like oh, you know my little brother has me once and then as me again It was it's a lot of people Maybe two times a week Two times a week for two years by the way that's a lot of people Asking the same exact question anyway. They asked like oh what kind of geese should I get it? Whatever now there's like yeah origin geese and then now I'm saying get this one. This is the one straight up Yeah, I don't know then all where any other key. I'm not saying I won't I'm just saying I don't know that I yeah and actually I don't know if you know this Did you know that they're gonna sell this key and a certain number of them 400 You're gonna get a copy of this one equals freedom field manual. Oh, then yeah signed I sign them off So if you want to sign copy you know that gean. Yeah, it'd be cool. It's like a little little little bonus yeah little discipline package. Yeah, if you're an opinion you get to what do you do Selling you hang it up again hopefully you don't hate jiu-jitsu like that one question today Yeah, hopefully you love jiu-jitsu most likely you'll love jiu-jitsu Good yeah, hopefully yeah if you're getting the discipline equals freedom geese is it this one equals freedom geese or just I just be all the deaf geey. I don't know deaf geey. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. This one equals freedom It's good. It's embroidered as the American me. Yeah, and it is made in America like all the word and stuff Yes, yeah, that's a good one. You know what look at that one get down one if you're still looking for a geey get down Yeah, even if you're not looking for a geey just look at this brand and pick worth E he he said on Twitter he's gonna get the geey even though he's not training jiu-jitsu And then actually I have I didn't respond to brand and but I'll respond right now get the geey and Train jiu-jitsu yeah It's the kind where he's gonna he's gonna by the way Yeah, he's gonna get the geey it's like he but then train jiu-jitsu dude. He's gonna come on I get that's my bet. I would I almost am challenging him to prove me wrong. That's how my journey went and proved to everyone that he could do a hundred Burpees in ten minutes. Yeah, he's challenged for him. It's hard for him. Yeah, but he did it Yeah, and that was his original challenge. I'm gonna sit on the mat. Yeah He's gonna you can't just get the geey when you put it on and this goes for pretty much any like legitimate geey when you put it on your You want to All right, and this is true like you're like we we didn't mean like a data happens all the time when you had you put on the geey Just don't you and when you grab it you're like all the time You know kind of thing yeah, same thing with the sun Same exacting yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah The last yeah, so it comes from origin if you didn't already picked that part up origin main dot com There's a lot of geyslons there even if you want to get a another one other than the you don't want to do I have all the patches that you know how like like knock a no-one in and you know They'll give you like their police patches stuff like that. I'm gonna have all of them on Mickey all of them How many do you have About 12 okay, because I have like 90 I've got so many awesome patches from fire departments police departments military units all over the country foreign Yeah, I got a lot of stuff that would be a biggie Yeah, you got to put them on multiple geys if you got the black ant noise. Yeah, well, it wasn't ever from A lot of patches bro. Yeah, yeah, and there's certain places you can't really put them to so that even limits you more But I'm doing it. I'm starting it and if I run out of space I'm getting another geid boom I'm gonna keep it going I do kind of risk people saying hey you're not law enforcement. Why are you wearing that patch like some of those patches to me seem like you like you can be a NASA one Like that's yeah, do shoot should I even wearing this patch? Yeah, we got we got friends at NASA I'm gonna wear it. I was hit this is from my friends at NASA Yeah, great up Anyway, you know, I back to origin origin. That's all American made stuff from look cotton out of the ground American To the factory American factory in America in America in Maine Mm-hmm make the material make the clothing make the geys make the rash guards Make the one else to there some bags and yeah, yeah Jim bags and whatnot accessories. I believe they're called accessories Yeah, they're like beanies and these shirts all made in America. Yeah, I think when I told Jordan Peterson that I think he liked it Even though he's not American yeah, yeah, yeah, and the supplements Yeah From origin labs yeah those are jocquoise supplements so Here's the thing I'm gonna I'll go into the details later, but superkrill there is a legitimate difference between superkrill in regular krill oil There is and it's very beneficial. I'm not gonna say right now, but just no superkrill oil Jocquill brand joint warfare Jocquill brand for your joints supplements boom jocquill came out with it. That's the stuff From the beginning that was the main supplements, you know joint stuff krill oil You're the number one reason not even the number the only reason I started taking it and I'm kind of mad I didn't take it before yeah, you were behind yeah, and now you got your own one which is even better Yeah, it's super as a matter of fact. Yeah, but it's not just a name and I'll just enjoy it. We're fair the joint warfare as a Let's imagine getting sure in my opinion sure and and in my shoulders opinion yeah left shoulder Both of my shoulders my back and my elbows so yeah, or do me that calm that's the place to go also Some legitimate fitness gear everyone knows I'm into kettle bells now I Get mine from on it. They're the cool one straight up. That's it. I Don't think I Could go back to regular kettle bells. It's my opinion Got the where we've got the big foot 90 pounds two pounds heavier than jocquill's heaviest kettle bell Every rep. I think Jordan Peterson was impressed with that too, by the way. Yeah, he was That makes one of us Also, oh, sorry on it.com slash jockel. That's the one That's a good spot. You know also good way to support when you buy books that jocquery views I guess technically I kind of help review In a real kind of discharacter yes indirect Distant way anyway those books very compelling books When you get them go through the website jocquipotcast.com Little tab on the top says books from podcast go through there by the books through there That's a good way to support take it out on this on shop in just the way, you know Prime one day shipping whatever you choose just like anything else But go through that's a good way to support and do any other shopping you have to do Carry on good way to support also subscribe to the podcast on iTunes stitcher Google play depending on what kind of Platform you prefer or is available to you? Because iPhone I think doesn't have stitcher, right? No my iPhone has stitcher. Oh wait no Android doesn't have iOS. I don't know apple. Yeah, I don't think you could listen to it. I don't maybe I don't know either. I don't know but you can get it, man. Yeah The podcast is out there you can subscribe to it the point is subscribe to it. Yes. Yes subscribe to it on that one It's a good leave review if you want if you're in the mood leave review also subscribe to it on YouTube The video version of this podcast. Yeah, but one still and I still do get the the whole thing like oh echo You don't look like you sound and I remember changing the way you talk yeah, yeah Or change the way I look You know get skinny yeah Get less jacked that is It is kind of an intuitive a YouTube comments like one out of every 20 YouTube comments is Echo's jacked Yeah, that's funny. It kind of is because you wouldn't think that you could determine what someone looks like by what they sound like but it feels like you can I think a lot of times you can I don't know though actually now that you think about like talk show hosts on radios. Yeah, you don't know what yeah It's okay. I guess it's uh it's it's harder to do than you think yeah it feels like you can Yeah, you can like if someone has like a I don't know like a deep voice you think they're huge or something You know like something like that not necessarily true. Yeah not true at all remember that sign filled one No, they're the guys like She I think Elaine is the girl in their youth like she's like oh he had a a good looking voice or something like he sounded like he was good looking or something like that How to turn out I forget I think you were telling that story you need to remember it. Yeah the analogy I didn't remember it But it reminded me of that nonetheless Anyway YouTube subscribe to YouTube that's the point there regardless of if you want to know what I look like or not Doesn't even matter what I look like really Barely maybe a little bit I guess maybe I sit because if I see you out in the wild It'll you know we can recognize each other if you know what I look like that There's times when people recognize you and you'll like say oh yeah this is echo Charles Yeah, tell on their face. They're like oh, are you sure that this is echo? Yeah, I kind of think I've encountered that For real like I know Sure just listen that's cool. I dig it. Yeah, but if you want to avoid that kind of situation Subscribe to YouTube Good way to do it and good way to support also Jacoa's a store It's called jaco store Jaco store.com. We have t-shirts on there if you want these t-shirts I'm wearing my good t-shirt right now. I haven't worn this on the original It's like I High quality Layers too by the way the good is backwards To look at in the mirror that message is for you If you think about the whole message of good, I mean, I know you said it you know you're like good kind of thing But you were kind of like you guys had the the luxury of you being there to be able to explain it If someone's going through like something hard it's You can't just automatically just say good it kind of comes off kind of weird Yeah, potentially That's why I put this backwards because it's like you tell yourself good. You seem saying that's the layer That's the little inside to the layer. I'm not gonna go deep and I'm not gonna go into any of the other explanations for the other layers But just know that they have layers on all the clothing on jaco store.com Check it out. I'm not saying to buy something. I'm saying go on there look on there if you like something Get something good way to support this away and stuff on there T-shirts like I said some patches Rashcards for jitsu or anything physical cycling anything requiring range of motion Maybe some compression situations High aesthetic value, but not too high because it's more about functionality That's my take on all do but they do look good and they have layers Who do you are in? Being shipped out right now. They're in heavy. Do you have one no? No. I'm sorry Well, we aren't California so yeah, but it's not that big of a deal You got your old one. It's all good. Oh, but yeah. There's some hoodies on there. Uh some warrior kids Rashcards are coming Boom because people have been asking me about that because I wore one that was like a test one and they wore one while streamed deep Deeper and they're like all warrior kid Rashcards, you know whatever But I was trying to narrow down kind of the colors and stuff, but they're narrowed down and they should be available within the next We can out where those made those are made all in America All in America warrior kid Rashcards also there's another kind of cool fun one, but I want to talk about that one till later Also Good way to support yourself psychological warfare if you didn't know what that is it's an album with tracks Jockel tracks and there are two aid you in the event of you needing aid in your campaigning and sweetness on your path on the path Okay, so here's the thing about the path. It's not always gonna be easy You don't see I know what you're saying yeah every day man this is not a one day gig This isn't every day Every day is a Monday yeah on the path Here's I will say this though. Okay, so and you you read the letter for the guy with drinking I could I could relate to that deeply deeply could relate to that and In a way and I don't go to deep into it, but in a way the my situation was In a way harder because the drinking wasn't preventing me from working out It wasn't preventing me from doing like a lot of stuff. It was only preventing me from doing like a handful of things But those things I really Wanted to do, but it was really preventing me or it was put it this way. It was making it super difficult And then just a fact of like drinking every single day, you know kind of thing and The more you do you know how you the more you get in the routine it on some with something the harder The harder it is to just straight up break that routine especially when it provides the payoff is like drinking does chemically I mean you're like when you drink it the instantaneously yeah Exactly right along to a payoff no long-term pay off negative like not even proportionately More beneficial to to to to stop drinking like you know when he said Wow, this is how everyday people walk around Yeah, yeah, that's really and really and I felt that Statement great that's so true. That's exactly what I thought I'm saying no one did trick in these feet Chocolate doesn't drink right so no one did chocolate's doing all this stuff. I could I could do all that stuff That's how you feel I'm not saying I'm doing all this stuff I'm just saying that's the feeling so I could I could dig it anyway Point is when you're on this path it's not always easy But psychological warfare is there to get you through those difficult parts parts that you admit Or that you can admit that you need maybe a little little push little help little spot We can up early procrastinating that's a big one Skipping the workout that kind of stuff psychological warfare, okay, so there's a track for every little weakness you might encounter Skipping the diet or or or slacking on the diet. That's a good one But yeah check that one out and you know see what up could we just support yourself in your on the path when you're on the path and What the podcast as well also you can get some jocco white tea which tastes like victory and we'll make you feel really good You get that on Amazon the books way the warrior kid number one which we just covered obviously It is not just a book for kids. Yeah Uncle Jake has something to teach all of us myself included It's for adults and teenagers and anyone else that wants to Have a better life can I add something about where the work you yeah, which and I I'm on a cycle I just read it over and over again like I just like a routine Your child or yeah, she's for an asshole. She can't quite read yet But there's little things in there that it's like This is really good that these kids are getting this this message because it's stuff that as an adult you're like dang I never really even though you know it like okay, and this is what it is When you're like how do you expect to be good at something if you don't practice Like little kids don't know that they don't they straight up don't yeah and you got it practice I feel like we kind of forget that no way no, we absolutely do yeah So yeah, it's for sure there's a lot in that book and and sometimes I read that book and I and there's even more in there Then I even recognized you know it in because I the lessons that are coming out of my head They're so important they're like beyond my own comprehension. Yeah, and I was just explaining the book way the warrior kid two Which is gonna come out and I was I was just talking through a with a guy yesterday like what what it's about And as I'm explaining everything that it's about It's a lot of stuff and it's a lot of really important lessons But yeah, it starts with way the warrior kid the second warrior kid book will be out April 28th 2018 Actually speaking of books there is extreme ownership a new edition a New edition is out. It's not a totally new book. It's a new edition of it. It's gonna be available November 21st You can get it for pre-order right now on Amazon if you want it It's got a new forward in it so so later I wrote a new forward It has some color pictures in it Also the new cover is black we changed the cover from white to black. Why? Because black Yes, because it looks cooler. Way cooler also and this is interesting. There's a new Q and A section in the back of the book That is actually from this podcast So I kind of rounded up the most prominent leadership questions that that that we've answered on this podcast and wrote them up and kind of ed How to edit them a little bit to make sure that they made sense without without everything we talked about today without the tone and And the the pacing of what's being said excited edit them a little bit but that they're there What the answers were given on this podcast and they're all from everyone's questions So everyone Appreciate the questions everyone that listens to podcast you help us write this next section of this book echo Charles is in it as the question Ask her so echo Charles is in the book and a hold it up if you're on YouTube There's the new book right there boom this or sorry extreme ownership Available November 21st Also you can get the book discipline equals freedom field manual It's a manual for getting after it so if you want to get after it get get the field manual Discipline equals freedom Fauts and actions they're both in there. It's been great again getting great feedback. I appreciate everyone's feedback It's pretty straightforward book no fluff involved not not making you read a bunch of Words to get to my point here's my point You can get it anywhere that they that they sell books including Obviously Amazon Barnes and nobody you can get it at Walmart by the way target the publisher ship that out to everywhere So you can pick it up. It's a good book to give to people in my opinion It's it's it's not just like giving someone a book you're giving them something a little bit more than a book Yeah, it's like something a little bit more than a book. It's I don't know if I can't I can't explain it too well right now Look at it. Yeah, you can look at it. It's it's not normal. I would say it's not normal Um, if you want the audio version of that book which a lot of people have been asking about The audio version is available. It is not on audible and it is not going to be unautable it is Made and we put it together echo directed and produced The album that also has tracks so it's an album with tracks and It's available as MP3 anywhere that you can get MP3 tracks for sale iTunes Amazon music music Google play wherever whatever MP3 platform you utilize you can find it there and if you like the leadership principles that we talk about on this podcast and you want to get them for your team or your business We have a leadership and management consulting company. It's called echelon front It's me. It's life babbin. It's JP D'Nell. It's Dave Burke. You can email info at echelonfront.com Or you can check out the website echelonfront.com and if you have more questions Or you have answers to the questions that we covered that are better than the answers that we gave today and you want to share them with us that be cool I want to learn you can find us we're actually on the interwebs on Twitter on Instagram on dash facie boh Echoes at echel Charles and I am at jockelwillink and To close out. I want to say thanks to our military that's out there on the front lines. I recently got reports of ISIS in Iraq sending kids to To surrender to coalition forces, but they've been laden with suicide bombs and rigged to blow up and as these kids would approach the areas set aside for surrender to American forces they would the Americans would see the terror in their eyes and realize that there was something wrong and American military men Especially explosive ordinance disposal technicians would risk their lives time and time again to go disarm these bombs risking their lives so that these young children can live who who even does that I'll tell you who America's service men and women They are the finest and we thank them for their service and sacrifice and to police and law enforcement firefighters, paramedics, other first responders Thank you for doing your job extremely difficult Often thankless Keeping us safe here on the home front and to everyone else that is listening Remember this if there's something in your life that you want to change then change it You have control and if you don't think you have control then take control Get a grip on your life and start getting after it So until next time this is echo and jacco out