 This is jockelpontcast number 284 with echo Charles and me jockel willink good evening echo good evening Anybody home Right from the very threshold of our mungalo reached us a horse voice of an elderly gentleman The voice woke us up at high noon of our first day amid the date palms of the settlement outside Saddam's palace somewhere at the outskirts of Baghdad Hi guys this greeting that followed sounded a bit warmer Our shared English proved to be good enough So we were able to freely exchange greetings with our visitor and learn what he wanted from us or rather as it turned out What that older fella could do for us in our Iraqi reality My name is Posi bill posi and I am the boss here He introduced himself to us clad in an American uniform pants and a brown t-shirt in case you need anything lads Just bring me the list and I'll take care of it That was how bill posi greeted us at one time He might have been a strapping lad indeed but in spite of age He lost nothing of his military appearance and his advanced age only dignified him He brought us a box full of batteries in this climate. They run out no time guys And you'll generally operate at night each of you must have a large supply them. He explained putting the box on the table That is how I remember my first encounter with bill posi Our visitor turned out to be one of the oldest if not the oldest navy seals to serve in combat in that legendary US navy unit His vast experience and involvement impressed people and he used his age to his advantage Bill posis knowledge on military bases how they work like ours and Baghdad seemed unlimited Bill posi volunteered with the US navy at a time when most young American males did their best to steer clear of military service Some of his civilian friends even faked injuries or famed joint problems fearing fit for duty opinion of the draft board Which would have meant an unwanted Conscription But no wonder in the late 1960s in no China was the scene of the brutal Vietnam war and after all not every young guy had a warriors soul During his service in the UDT underwater demolition teams in Vietnam posi with other UDT men and seals took part in many combat missions in patrols In later time he also secured the landing of Apollo 12 But when he volunteered to the first Gulf war 1990 the medical board rejected him saying he was too old for further duty However in 2003 He deployed the Baghdad He built the camp infrastructure from scratch to care of our supplies and he was also an expert on our vehicles And he was a very generous man. He raised money on the base for a Catholic orphanage in Baghdad But he also remained a warrior until the last days of his service including taking part in combat operations The guy was devoted to the fight and to his teammates throughout his entire career No wonder Then that our base in Baghdad was named after him camp posi Camp Jenny posi to be exact bill posi had a daughter who is also in the service but in the army He said that since the commanding officer desired to name the base camp posi after him He humbly let it be named and honor not of him but of his daughter Hence the full name of our base was camp Jenny posi And that right there was an excerpt from a book which is actually called camp posi written by Polish special operations soldier from the grom named Naval Polska and This part of the book about the Polish special operations unit Working with seals in Iraq. This is the book that I talked about when I had my brother Tom Drogo Zaron on here for podcast 276 and that book by Naval Polska is called Camp posi and as you heard camp Jenny posi was named after the daughter of the Vietnam era frogman warn officer bill posi Who fought in Vietnam recovered the Apollo 12 space capsule and who ultimately built camp Jenny posi in Baghdad and did combat operations with the seals and The grom and Iraq And we are lucky enough to have this legend here with us tonight UDT seal team Vietnam Iraq frogman and legend warn officer bill posi he's here warrant bill thanks for coming on commandor. It's always great being here. I thought you were gonna call me jacco And now you're calling me command. I guess I wasn't supposed to call you warrant You know old habits die a very slowly and at Group one where I was at a lot of the time We really respected you and your ability to lead and your ability to push things through so You were a legend at group one Not bill posi. I was only a legend in my own mind Well sometimes I got trouble for pushing through but it was okay So Let's start at the beginning. I mean, this is a pretty awesome story for you to spend so much time in the teams and so much time Just keeping that keeping the brotherhood on the path But it started you grew up in in California, right? Yes, what was the situation there? You know it When I grew up it was after World War II. We were the first part of the baby boom So it was really nothing but optimism especially in southern California because there was nothing here There was hardly any people especially in the Los Angeles area So everything just blew out of the ground and it was an amazing place to be there You know we could surf the freeways went in so some days we could surf in the morning and Then get a afternoon lift ticket up at Big Bear and ski in the afternoon. How can you beat that live in the dream? Yeah, you could surf you could ski they had beautiful women. I mean what more does a man want? It is the place My kid my son as soon as he got his driver's license He was on that mission and it's a lot easier now even though the traffic's worst guess what they got night skiing up there There you go. So he's like oh surfing in the morning go and night skiing at night on the same plan What so you you mentioned the baby boomer so what about your your dad was your dad in the military? Yeah, my dad was in the Navy he came from Victoria Texas Too long beach and he was on a ship called the USS Cummings and he was stationed out of Long Beach and then did the South Pacific He met my mother in Southern California He took my mother after your married her to Victoria Texas and said this is where I want to go and she says no We're not going to Victoria Texas. We're staying in Southern California. No air conditioning at that So it was rough total game chair. Yes, sir So when what was your dad's war experience like on the USS Coss he was a gunner on the deck of the ships and he was a bocins mate So that's what he did and he was in a couple of big battles there and they didn't sink him So that's good So he had a very positive and my mother also who worked for the Navy had a very positive Idea of the Navy and that kind of blood over to me Mm-hmm, so and then what what did your dad do after the Navy could did did he get out after the war? Yes, sir got out after the war immediately went to work for the telephone company for 40 years Well, it was alignment or what was yeah in there guy that climbs the poles just getting it in life So he was a very good guy and a very hard worker really a hardworking guy So I tried to be as much as like him as possible the week before he died is 82 years old and he was climbing a ladder on a second story Painting the ease of my daughter's house, so I'm an 82. That's pretty good. Yeah Not no so down. I guess we know where you got your genetics from So then you're growing up and And this is like just prime kind of prime America Yes, and Southern California you got you got surfing where you going surfing that? You know, we did it all up and down the coast from Santa Barbara to San Diego Because it was easy to do and gas was like 29 cents a gallon so we could do whatever we want to just leave earlier than morning And there was hardly any crowds Especially well be what really changed surfing was the type of material they used in surfboards And so originally they used in epoxy well originally was balsa wood, but that was before my time But when foam came out they had the foam but it was a polyester foam and if you wanted to resin it You would have to either put tar or paper over the rest over the surfboard blank So it was very difficult to do and you always had voids where the resin went down into the Surfboard material and you had a void so when the poly you're a thing came out that revolutionized the sport game change Yeah, it was easy to do much stronger much lighter. It was it changed the sport of surfing So what years were you in high school? What what year did you graduate from high school? 65 61 through 65 and so you're going to high school and I mean Vietnam hadn't started yet until It just barely probably just started here about it in 65 Yeah, no it was going okay then and everybody thought well we can kind of tiptoe around it and do other things To avoid the work is nobody wanted to to go because you know with the draft was on and it was a different type of military So typically if you were drafted you were drafted in the army very few people into the Marine Corps None of the Navy or the Air Force So you would go into the army you would go to Vietnam and you would come back in a plastic bag So it wasn't a good deal, you know, they just didn't think it through and it wasn't a good deal for drafties So when you're going to high school Were you thinking about the military as you're going to high school? No, not at all We're thinking about how we can avoid the military It was a negative sense rather than positive and you were kind of like a motorhead, right? Yeah, I always turned to wrench from the time I was a little kid I was always building cars or building different things So I was really happy in that world So give us I mean give us the highlights what was the what was the prize? Because what was the board of beauties? Well, I had a low budget low-digit car at a 55 Chevy with a 31 Ford front end on it to the axle and everything With a 348 and a Muncie four speed so I thought I was a cat's meow on Tweety Boulevard. We had this street called Tweety Boulevard where everybody crueced, right? and it was the longest dead end Street in the world and everybody would cruise on it and you know you see all your girlfriends and you know It was really good. I mean it was like I don't know what that movie was with Ron Howard But I mean it was much more fun was it diner? No God I can't remember that movie with Ron Howard. I know the one you're talking about it was in the 50s and it really looked good And movies but the 50s were really better than that because that was the optimism of the 40s and the 50s that America can do it all We can do it scientifically and our lives will be forever better and they'll never be a downtime Because my father was a depression era kid, right? And they had completely different values than we had in the 50s because we thought there was no end I mean we could do what everyone nobody in my family extended family in Texas and in California had ever been to college Nobody so I tell my father when I graduate from high school. He says well, I want you to go to work for the telephone company It's a great job and you can work the job for 40 years, right? It's a dad I'm not I'm not gonna be hanging for some to a telephone pole and south central Los Angeles That was especially because he could get so much overdone and I said I'm not doing that he says you know You're really not very bright. I don't think you're gonna make it in the college Well he was right there, but you know, what can you say? Did you play any sports or anything in high school? Yeah, I did the good seal team sports. I played water polo, swam and did cross country and track so it was real good. It was really kind of prophetic Doing no sports and being able to do you know seal team or UDT at the time We're what kind of music were you listening to you know typical Southern California Beach boy Jan and Dean I you know I tell I'm a school teacher now and the kids have a lot of problems now I mean they have a lot of interpersonal problems, right? And I tell them about my experience and they look at me. Wow. I mean it was the greatest in my opinion the greatest time ever to be alive Well, did we since you work with kids now like what's the difference? Hmm, I mean I was thinking from from you're talking about cars, right? Yes, and when you have cars like a 1955 car. That's a car that any well Most people can look at and fully understand what's absolutely you don't have there's no magic to it's right and now You open up the hood of a new car just like your point in the book If you make it simple everybody understands yeah, and it seems like the cars back then if there was a problem with it You could pretty easily identify what the problem was and be like oh, it's a carburetor or whatever and we just get that thing fixed But now it's hard to even tell there's so many complications inside of a car That it seems like kids these days also are faced with all these different complications as opposed to hey You know, this is what we're gonna go surfing and then we got a big bear when we go skiing that sounds like a kind of thing You wanted to deal with as a kid right now they're dealing with social media peer pressure and all this other crap Yeah, it's a much harder life It's much more difficult and I see a lot of these kids in my line of work being really stressed out by other kids Especially the girl on girl situation where one's chidied or bullying the others, you know And the beauty of it is and I don't know if you experience this in your high school But the beauty of it is if we were mad at somebody we go out in a parking lot and do it out Not that I was a big fighter because I was as big as round as a pencil, you know But I mean but that's hot, you know that fight that fist fight in the parking lot and I don't want my kids It's cool fist fighting because I'd get fired But that that little fight in the parking lot really earned Respect from your peers and a touch you hey, I can't be badmouth in these guys because he's gonna suck her punch me and Straighten me out so but they don't have that now You know and I've been that my high school for eight years and I've never seen one fight Wow, it's just a different mindset I'm sure your high school was your a fighter to others fights and and not to mention you get into a sea Opotune here's like a fight every 14 minutes You need or not. Yeah, someone's getting hit someone's getting choked Palm hold that's just the way it is So you you grow up there in Southern California kind of just straight up living the dream. Yes, sir Sounds outstanding and I got a job when I was 15 and a half in a grocery store and everything was unionized in So I started at 90 cents an hour which was big money for a 15 year old kid So I was able Some weeks when I was a senior in high school I made more and my father who had been at his job for 20 years, right? And so I could buy so many car parts and there's unbelievable Never saved a dime was I was I smart I'd have saved 10% of that I'd have been living in San Diego right now So you so you As you're getting ready to graduate you know you're not going to college. No, I went to college for two years. You did. Yeah, okay I went to college and college was very difficult then because everybody was trying to cheat the draft So classes didn't have 25 people in it. They had 50 You know and you would beg the instructor to take you into the class Because if not if you went below 12 units and you're open Fauder for the draft so I always tried to take 15 or 18 units just in case I had to back out So I went to college because I wanted to be 21 when I went to service so I could drink legally Right, so that was my goal to be 21 and to be in the service I thought the drinking age was 18 back there. No, not in California Not in California and Texas it was but not in California when I joined the Navy in the drinking age was 21 But at the E club on any B corn auto you could drink at 18 But you couldn't drink at the trade wins the team bar You couldn't go the team bar, right? So you couldn't go a seal team You're thinking way more strategic Strategic bigger come on So you get done with so now it's so you graduate high school 1965 You go to two year. What college you go to? Compton and And and you're studying what are you studying anything you auto mechanics? Oh, so you're just getting into it. Yeah. I'm trying to perfect my My ability to fix things. Are you racing cars? Yeah. Well, I mean just street racing illegal street racing And what car are you driving now did you graduate from the 50s? Oh no no The 55 Chevy took a lot of different engines and different drive train setups and stuff like that so it was good for me And then at what point did you start thinking all right? I'm not gonna be able to was it? Did you make it the 21 before you got before you joined the Navy? So you made it the 21? No in 1966 I joined the Navy because the draft was closing in as they needed more men You had different steps So if you had if you were married then you avoided the draft if even if you were going to school But you weren't willing to make that kind of no no no no no You weren't that let's get it right? I mean that yeah, you weren't willing to go that distance You know when the women in Southern California at that time were incredible and You grew up where the women always took the pill Well, that's not true because the pill came out in the early 60s But nobody took it for a while So when the pill came about it was a whole new different social scene and And you know everybody got their jihad on if you know what I mean and so it was very fruitful to be a Young man and a young woman in Southern California in 1965 And so if you're so you're getting your your geohad on yeah And then so what I want I want point are you did you say you joined the Navy? Yeah, we joined a in 1966 a draft was closing in and Everybody had tried to get into a national guard unit or a reserve unit So there was nothing left because everybody of draft eligibility did that So I went into the summary were summary and reserves which was a least desirable of any reserves right because you had to go into summary And so I did that and that proved My gateway to go into seal team. I'm gonna tell you the little story if you went my commander So I'm on this ship and I'm turning to rich right? I wanted to be in the engine room because I wanted to see how those you know Diesel motor was probably 15 feet long and it was a real good learning experience because I learned a lot of things about diesel But the problem is you couldn't take a shower in the summary because there was no in the showers They had potatoes because there was no room We had about 85 people on the summary and there was no room for anything including the shower So you were out to see for two weeks at a time and as an engineman you were really greasy And you could wash yourself, but you couldn't really get yourself clean So You get in your rack and you put your face on your pillow and You know you wake up in four hours for your next gig and your face is so greasy that You're your face slit off the pillow, right? And I didn't like to be greasy. I didn't mind muddy or dirty, but greasy It's it's not good. You know and you had pimples on your face and this is the worst part So we used to go to a bar down here in San Diego. I can't remember the name of the the the boat bar and You'd walk in and people would smell you before they would see you because It was a snorkel summary where the the boat snorkeled To recharge the batteries and it permeated everything with desophiel So you smell like desophiel so People would you walk in a bar people would sniff say oh my god Where did this guy come from? I mean you're perfectly clean. I mean your skin's clean But you just stink like desophiel, right? So after You know a little while on that summary and I went to the cob the chief of the boat and I said cop You know I'm I'm really not a quitter this of all on tear service and the summary I want to go to the army The army's good because I can sit in the mud and the mud you wash off and you don't stink, right? So you're in there you're in the navy reserves at this point, but are you what I'm active But you're active after duties. So join the reserves You go through boot camp, but you're active You're active duty sir. You you don't have any brick you're straight up When you joined you joined no you you had as long as you wanted to kind of fake it in the reserves But usually is a two-year gig So that's why I joined and then when I was 21 it worked out my time schedule perfectly, right? So then then you were activated got it and then you went Was submarine boot camp actually different than regular? Yeah, yeah boot camp now is up a top hundred point sand San Francisco and the Marines would drill you and they tried to instill discipline and it was like a nine weeks School because you went to boot camp, but you only learned about summaries because you're a detriment when you go on that Diesel summary you know summaries from World War II not nukes, but diesel boats and if you don't if you turn the wrong valve It could be the wrong you know it could be all over for the entire summary you got to know what you're doing when you're not Summary so we went to that boot camp and then you did you not did you not put to and to together Home land and if you want to submarine because I wasn't the sharpest tool to shed, but I knew there's one thing I did what got blessed the guys are on submarines Absolutely, I look I've spent probably my whole Navy career prize spent a month on a submarine stole maybe a month and a half And it doesn't take much to figure out that it's a special it's a different breed of human being that goes on there Because you're because you're in a confined space You know there's someone that sleeps in your bed when you're not sleeping in your bed Rocking yeah, it's called hot rack and echo Charles, so this is the deal echo they only have so many beds They have more people than they have beds So when it's your turn to go to sleep someone you're share a bed with someone or maybe two people So you get to sleep for six hours and then when you get out of bed someone else's getting into your bed It's warm Right, so this is just it's not normal It's not normal. It's not and we And then just as greasy as you oh, man not greasy. Yeah, and and everything is confined You know and you literally don't see the sun and So it's a so I'm just wondering you didn't you didn't think to myself You didn't think yourself. Oh, well, I'm gonna be on a freaking aluminum can under the ocean for months of the time Maybe that's not the right deal But that was just You know all my friends most of my friends joined the submarine reserves and so then they went on the submarines So that that's just the way it was anything to avoid the army how long did you spend on in the sub-brainservice? month and a half Not long enough so after a month and a half of smelling like diesel and being stuck underwater You went to the chief of the boat right when that's where I cut you off where you were We went to him and said, said all right, I'm done. You know, I just I just don't like it and I'm not the right guy to be this You know and he said's posing. Do I have this deal for you? He says you go down and take this test this afternoon at 12 o'clock and you can be a seal team guy And I said well nobody knew because this is 1967 Nobody knew what it meant right what seal team was and I thought will seal team will they have seals? I thought right seals and I said well does that mean that you train seals and to do tricks for recruiting? And he says no explanatory So I go over to a part of the base and they put a hard hat out fit on me and the first test was to to drop you over the side of the ship and the bay and you walk around on the bottom of the of the bay for a half hour to see if you're claustrophobic and so they drop me over to side and they you know I walk around for a half hour and a mud you walk through the mud and this is in the old school Like what is it the mark eight dive helmet thing? Yeah, you know, yeah, you know It was real old school Yeah And so it was part of the emanation With the GM the big ass lead like you saw no mind your eyes and you couldn't you send a shuffle the boots not walk it So all of the Settlement that's been there for 150 years I mean you took one step and you couldn't see for the next five minutes, you know So they had me walking around And what else did they do with you? Oh, then then they pull you up and they I said hey I passed the test What do I where do I go what do I do and they said well you have to take the rather test And I said oh, okay, and nobody knew what seal team was right So I talked to the guy there and he was a dive guy and I said well what seal team he says? Man, it's the greatest you go down to San Diego You lay on the beach you are a lifeguard from a marine who make Marine landings at at Camp Pendleton right and you have a girl under each arm and in each hand you have a bear and the navy buys you bear Said really The navy buys you bear yeah, and these girls are gorgeous They're they're wonderful down in San Diego I said man that's the life for me that's what I want to be right So you didn't know because there's no internet there's no books I think men with green faces with this first book if I'm not mistaken from where were two and I checked that other library and that didn't And you didn't know what you got there So you just didn't know which was I think a plus Hmm, where were you where were you stationed when all this was happening log beach okay? So then they transfer me to San Diego and I go to the team area the Friday before training starts and I go there and Olivera, I don't know if you ever heard of him he's my Proctor and I show up but like four o'clock in the afternoon and he says where you been? I said well they just brought me in the bus here. I don't know what to do and he says I said what do I do what do you want me to do? Do I need a book back because I thought it was a school I didn't know And he says no no no you don't need a book back you just show up Monday morning we're gonna take care of you Really Yeah, so I go over at that time we had three quans at Hudson at the end of Coronado at the end of the base and I go there and he gets me a rack and so I'm sitting there the weekend and And these guys come in and they tell me what's happening And they say oh okay It is what it is right. I'm not in the army so I'm pretty happy So that's how it just all started then it started going down hill Monday morning So what was the wake of call like Monday morning so you had no idea not a clue You didn't know it's gonna be physical you know nothing about hell week nothing You just thought you're going to a Navy school where you're gonna learn about whatever right some ran the Emolition and that type of thing diving and it would be nothing where you ran or Swam or whatever so what in your mind as you start getting Physically and mentally abused at a high level on Monday morning What made you say okay? Well, I'll just stick with it. Hey, you know I've been in that see the motivation is I've been in that summary and There was no way in God's greener that I was gonna go back to that summary They're gonna have to kill me. I was not going back to that summary. No way So how did the training kick off? You know it was just physical training and a valuation and they gave us the test the sealed team test and everybody passed it and Back then we had eight count burpees in with the you know run floor exercise than the swim So but it was you know I was half the man I am now so it was a lot easier To pass what class were you in originally 44 then 45 and then 46 so you got rolled a few times. Yeah. I got months the first time What the hell what's that months? It's a disease a childhood disease from the 50s that they have a Noculation your kids got the shot right so you didn't get the shot in your randomly got there was no shot then God and then the second time I got in cephalitis From the bay from the dirty water and then they gave me some drugs and I got over that in about four weeks and a third time I was ready to go then I knew what was going on, you know So how far did you make it on each of those previous occasions two weeks and then three weeks and then away, you know 46 I was good And did you did you start to understand what the mission was that you were getting yourself into? Yeah, because people explained it you know we had extensive training at the trade winds of What was happening and how things went down so then you got it you got you understood what's going on You know in that time it was much different than it is now because the or the navy controlled everything You were a navy asset all funding came from the navy as from not from so calm or being a national Asset like in seal team six So it's always where the money comes from what you know how they dictate your life and so We were like the dog and the manger UDT even seal team because the navy you know We were poisoned to the navy if you wanted to make any headway You had to be a surface naval officer To make any headway because there was we never had an Admiral We never had anybody I believe well I think we had a cap So it was very difficult for people with the career to do that if you weren't Alisten for sir So the guys that were your instructors at this time were these guys that had already done tours over in Vietnam Because this is what year is this now? 1968 early 60 oh so you're definitely getting guys that were coming back from Vietnam Right and they're telling you what's going on in a big crowd of world war two folks That they were still in because the Korean I mean the Korean war was over in 53 right and world war two was over in 45 so they still had time in their career to instruct at at Buds at that time as UDTRA So it was a different world what do you remember was did you have any trouble in training in any of the Evolutions none not really I had trouble on the last swim that Four and a half miles swim at San Clemente and we just barely made it with that a minute But you know the current was running really hard and I mean we were really kicking just to make that And a couple of guys did make it had to do it again the next day So I was really thankful for that big swim You know on that evolution to make it but that's the only time I had any trouble How big was your class when you started? Oh man I don't remember probably 43 or 44 45 maybe 50 people and then we I think we would let down to 17 So we didn't have that bad of an attrition right We had some really great guys in 44 bill I don't know if you remember Bill Wildrich Great officer. I mean he was really an inspirational guy He Could have been the poster boy for your book really a great guy So he was really good to me for whatever reason so One last question about Buds when when you're showing up you don't know anything that's about to take place Seems like guys now they know kind of the minute by minute schedule. I was a little bit in between We didn't know a lot when I showed up the buds like I'd never heard of pool competency Which ends up being a huge thing. I knew that there was a hell week thing somewhere in there Where you stayed awake a bunch But you just didn't know what was happening What do you think you think that's better you think that's oh that's ten times better like one of my goals in life is the Navy has been very kind to me just like the Marine Corps has been kind You know thank God for the Navy and my life. I'm sure I'd have been in prison otherwise right by the grace of God and and so I try to tell people especially in small town Texas About the advantages of getting out of Texas and getting out of our small town and going see in the world So but a lot of them overthinking and they just psyched themselves out It's just too bad that they publish as much as they do because it's in my opinion. It's mudditch better when you stand up And you just what are we gonna do next? Okay, let's do it. Let's get it on You know, let's go And so because I don't want to overthink things Let's just do it Yeah Did you Was going through hell week do you remember anything special about that for me? I was kind of I was kind of happy about hell week because I wasn't the best athlete So a swim and a run we had a time it was gonna be it it was all those were hard for me to pass I had to go basically the way I passed all my evolutions was my going as hard as I possibly could But I was always nervous you know sometimes I'd be like you were talking about like within a minute of the drop Dead time and I you know be going a squad yeah, and we wouldn't you would not allow to wear a watch right so there's no pit so for me I failed one run in Buds and Because I tried to pace myself. I tried to pace myself and this kind of how I look at life now I tried to pace myself a one run and I failed and I was okay and for men on I just ran as hard as I freaking possibly could and and that's how I passed But the the thought of like actually knowing each little detailed thing that's gonna come to you When when it came to hell week I thought there's no time limit. I'll they can't stop They all keep going no matter what so I was kind of happy about hell week. It was one of the easier Evolutions because there was no time limit you just had to keep going which I was I look I might not have been the fastest runner or the fastest swimmer the best the obstacle course But I was good at keeping going I could just keep going no matter what right was how like hell week for you any any Big your recom moment that you discovered anything? No just everybody was very nervous and we had magic things that one class would give the other Like we would have a magic shirt that I got down from Guy by the name of Gary Croner and he says this has been passed down five times It was a wool shirt long sleeve wool shirt that you wore under your jumper and he says if you wear the shirt You're gonna pass how it man give that I don't care if I cost a hundred dollars. I want that shirt right and then the other thing that saved me is I Had illusions or I was delusional on Wednesday night when we had the big paddle from the area down to I be or whatever it was and Bill Wilderick are crew chief are crew officer was kind enough to let me sleep for 15 minutes in the belly of the boat Because I was I was having I mean I was freaking out right I was seeing monsters and all kinds of different stuff He says pose you laid out on his boat and I've rest the guys paddling nobody can play now so you try to return the favor How ever you possibly can the rest those guys you know be the first one out there get the boat ready You know pay him back for the nice thing they did for you to allow you to go through hell week Yeah, I had some guys that I saw completely elucinating things I had one small hallucination But I don't know if it really counts because I knew it was a hallucination I was happening I was like oh this is we're out there on that thing I think they called around the world we're doing around the world yes and we're paddling And I'm we're in the middle lotion and all of a sudden I start seeing traffic lights like stop signs and traffic lights and it's going to red green And I'm looking I'm like I'm just hallucinating. That's not real. So I don't know does that count? What do you think echo Charles does that count? You know it's fake, but it looks real? Okay, that was the only hallucinations I had no monsters exactly I had one guy that started swearing like language wise and he started swearing he didn't stop for about Every word for you swear to everybody we check hey, is everything okay? You rocked my Like okay bro, hey dude whatever it takes man just just stay in the boat man. It's all good But what are you gonna do in the ocean when that happens you have no recourse you can't lay I'm on the deck on the sand. I mean what are you gonna do keep patdling yeah Pat little mouse So at this time so it's 1968 At this time And I was talking to Roger Hayden about this. He said he said that's a hero or mine I love that wrong version 100% yes sir. He he said most guys went to UD2. Yes, I'm a graduated. Well, there are three UDTs and one seal team. He said occasionally a guy would go straight to Seal team but it was very rare. Right most guys were going to UDT Expo a lot of people might not know about the UDT At that time what was going on with the underwater demolition teams at that time? Well on the west coast there was UDT 11 12 and 13 13 was a new team they started I believe in 67 and this band I think it was 771 72 And so the Navy was again our main driver for funding and for Manning for everything And so they wanted to keep UDT because of in case of an amphibious landing or other Sort of things UDT was useful to them other than that they had no time for you and there was no funding So like in our team we had three pickup trucks and we had to go once a day to 30 second street to To give them the surf Report so we would drive one pickup truck in the morning at 8 o'clock Go to 30 second street and come home. That's the only time we'd use that truck because the other two pickup trucks We had we're in the team area but they were up on cement blocks because we robbed those for parts to keep this one going So there was just no no money and so we just kind of made things happen and But I think we were better for that because we had I mean when we went to Vietnam We had a pair of bag half full because we had no gear there was no reason to have a lot of gear Because we didn't have any money So It really worked out well for me in my naval career because I was able to Learn how to trade things with other services and make things happen and That really worked out to be very good training for me to support my sailors My my goal was always to support my fellow sailors because the Navy wasn't doing it well Nobody else was so That was important so you got order what what you DT team did you end up? 13 So it now is it's 1969 now or is it still 68 still 68 so it's 1968 you get your orders to UDT team 13 is there You walked down the grinder a little bit knock on a quantum hut is that basic? No, it happened there was for it in the old cement people who don't know about seal team don't know about that old Sement building it was I don't know if they've tore that down or not they tore everything down okay they tore that down so it was probably hundred yards long and probably You know a hundred feet wide and they we had four teams in that building you know seal team one and then 11 12 and 13 UDT so everybody had a very limited space and It was kind of difficult but one team was always or you know one and a half teams because seal team was always there We're always in Vietnam so we had very limited space no resources at all and it was It was difficult because of that because there was just no room So when you got to UDT 13 You checked in what they do with you? Did you go right into a bulltune? No, no, they immediately sent you to school because they were we were deploying and you had to go to Searschool you had to go in my case. I went out board of motor school To jump school and then it was just timed so the day you graduated from Searschool you got on the airplane and went to Vietnam Did you get did you wear that old in signal? Like the UDT and signal with you go on it? No, no that that wasn't there was no in signal in 68 That came later and The insignia you had as you had like a diver's helmet on this on your uniform right here and that was the only in signal You had and then of course UDT 13 on that on that on that on that Batch right right now. There was no team batch There was nothing I'm gonna tell you a little story you probably heard this many times So we get The pirate I don't know if you remember who Pete the pirate was I don't know his name, but I don't know So he supposedly designed the insignia for seal team right because he was drinking Budweiser one day and He'd submitted like 20 designs because they asked for T-guys and the teams to to do design now. There's a lot of controversy about that so about Three months later they walk into the quansit hut and they said okay everybody's got there in signia You know and they gave us the they just dropped this bag on the table and they said okay Everybody's got one of these if you're an officer you have a gold one if you're an elisted You have a silver one we're gonna have an inspection tomorrow morning So Everybody's Bad inspection and so we're out there stand on the grinder some guys got it on the right side Some guys got it on the left side. They have it here They have it here They're thinking about putting it on their dixie cup, right? But I mean nobody knew what to do with it, right? And so this was the original tried ant original UDT insignia that was different from the seal Try and so the UDT insignia this is the one that basically that looks the same but there's no ego that's correct And so nobody I mean Seal team had their thing going the same morning and everybody did the same thing We just didn't know what to do and we did know what it meant and so That was it What year did that happen? Was that after you got back from Vietnam after we got back from Vietnam So so you show up to to your UDT 13 You you don't get put in the between you just get sent to see your school you get sent to outboard motorschool You get sent to jump school there's no one tracking you there's no one saying like hey This is what we're getting ready to do well. They're tracking you because as soon as you get back you go to another school So they knew when you were coming back and then they would immediately go to another school Then you just jump on the airplane but I knew what platoon I was in I knew who my OIC was and all that and were those guys already overseas? No, no they were they were they were they're stuck so they're they're definitely you through all these schools right when you got done We're schooling did you go through any kind of pre-deployment workup like you know like I did my whole career was like Oh, you're getting ready to deploy you get put into a platoon You you know you you uh first you do some schooling like you're talking up the pro dev they call it Professional developments so you go to a bunch of schools then it's six months of ULT and then it's six months of the advance post that and then you go on to plan it No, it was a week in that Danny's doing ULT. That's how that for people Do know what Danny says is an old-time team bar on The in Coronado and that's that was a so it was really OJT and we had we relied on the guys Coming from seal team to UDT because there were so many new people and so many I mean everybody was an E3 right because They expanded the teams and Same with the boat guys and There was no time for training and they just wanted to get you to work because there was 500,000 Americans and Vietnam at the time So you had to go over there and take the next teams, you know a place. I mean How long was it from when you graduated UDT replacement training to Getting to the team how long did you spend there before you went to Vietnam? Did you go to Vietnam as a platoon? No as a team as a whole team. Yeah, it's a whole team Sir, UDT 13. How many guys were there? Total of about 90 90 to 100 and you're broken up into platoons inside the team just like us of course same basic So you all got on a plane We got on two planes. We got on two DC sixes and we had chopped Hawaii Johnson Island You know going over so three-day airplane ride Mm-hmm and because we just went from island to island and finally made it to PI which was our main Mustering base and then we were dispatched to where we were gonna go and from Vietnam from there But prior to prior to going on that getting on that plane with the rest of the team did you go to Desert warfare training did you go to did you guys train over the beach? Did you guys just do hydro-regont hydro recons up at Camp Pendleton like what did you do to get ready? Yeah, we did some of that but it was like for for me it was like a month long Other guys who had been in a team for a long time got that training because they were there I wasn't there and we were short man You know because they just built that team So they were drawing and the beauty of team 13 God rest their souls of some of the people who've been in it But a lot of times if you wanted to get rid of somebody that was causing a problem you'd send them to 13 right? Lucky 13. Yeah, so it was a very Esoteric bunch of folks in 13 a lot of characters, you know what I'm saying? So what will tune were you in it at UDT 13? I think I was in Bravo and So it worked out good and Paul plums my OAC So you get on the plane now you're fine over there. Do you know what your missions are gonna be don't have any idea? Don't have a clue No idea what you're gonna be doing don't know don't care just Give me the gun. Let's go are you have you? You know at one point you were trying to avoid the draft But now your seems like you're kind of all in let's go get some no but the reason people were avoid in the draft because this army was so pitiful because they were wasting those bodies Why go I mean I don't mind dying right cuz I never I never thought I'd last past 29 I mean I thought if I made it the 30 I'd be an old man. I just had that feeling on my life and And so but why waste your life have somebody poor All that money to bring you up and just kill you for no reason. I mean why do that? But you're in the teams you know the first day I got to the teams we've the first muster in the morning and it money I looked at it my right and I looked to my left and it was all a bunch of weirdos like me I never fat fit into society I wasn't a popular guy or an outgoing guy or a well-spoken guy I was kind of you know Nobody really wanted me type of guy you know what I'm saying and so I get there and I see in my class of 43 or whatever it was people They're all like me. I said man. I found a home. This is my this is my people Huh? I mean all about you other weirdos It's an hour you're going now you get to Vietnam you have no idea what kind of mission you're gonna be doing Well, we knew more or less because we practiced it, you know, especially in training Training was built around the mission in Vietnam so we did a lot of hydrographery reconnaissance We did a lot of petroleum we did a lot of that so we could pick up those skills You know, but we were the last class to go into 13 so we didn't have the training that they had before that when they built the team and some of those guys I mean they had been to Vietnam like I don't know you wouldn't know tobacco alloo This guy was fabulous and he was my mentor and he was just as crazy as a day lock But whenever he said something you listened to him because he had been in the Vietnam a number of times and he knew what he was talking about So you listened to the voice of authority So that's what we all did. Lou said it. We did it. So you're training for hydrographic reconnaissance You're training for petroleum Yeah, and you're thinking the a patrolling over for direct action Absolutely So there's there's a decent amount of crossover with what the seal yeah Students would do yeah, we were the poor man seals So when they didn't have a mission that didn't like you know give it to you D.T So you show up in Vietnam What where do you initially go? Tons and hooke then we got on the oh I can't remember the name of the ship It was a destroyer escort and we did a couple of months off. I hydrographic reconnaissance and that was that was really a good thing for us because We got to gel as a platoon and everybody learned their place and we saw who the real warriors were and who to talk to and who to listen and So that was very good and so like after the mission, you know a debrief, Lew would say things You know, pose you what the hell's wrong with you? What you're standing at the beach party and you're Dlawly gagging and not looking around and not at the ready position if the VC come over that burn What are you gonna do? You're right. I was you know And so he would straighten this out. He was a great mentor to us because he'd been in seal to him and Stone alcoholic, but you know He would you you listen to what he said. We're seeing your platoon chief. Yes And you guys are doing hydrographic reconnaissance are you the lead line and slate hall my yards right Lead line and so I'll just explain because nobody knows what a hydrographic reconnaissance So you have a beach party of four people and so you have two Inzovette and in the center and you have a line that could be at At least a thousand yards long and you have it on a big spool and so you take the spool and then Every depending on the gradient of the beach Every 50 feet or 100 feet you would have somebody swimming this line down the beach and you might go a thousand yards you might go you know a click and You would take the lead line see how deep it went and write it on your slate You know position number one 50 feet position well you never went over 18 feet You know that was 18 to zero was what you're looking at in hydrographic Consence then you would take all the sleets once you got done with your beach and you'd go back to the ship And you'd make a map of that that beach So the gradient was at a thousand yards out it was 17 feet So if they have to bring the LSTs in or landing craft they knew what was going on So it was very interesting and Really kind of a lot of fun because you would just be Me, you would have your face in the water all day, you know, just kicking and you'd usually do two a day You do a thousand yards in the morning and maybe a thousand yards in the afternoon So it was a lot of fun. It Vietnam's really a beautiful place I mean breathtakingly beautiful and some of the water is just Incredibly clear, you know, especially camera on bay just it's a delight to be in I mean it's like being in a resort and getting paid to be at the resort Right, this is the promise you got We guys doing mostly daytime order or nighttime daytime because you had to see where you sat in the line and Keep the line straight so everybody's Slate would be correct. Yeah, I did two arg photons Yes, back in the day and we did hydrographic reconnaissance led by enslaved I remember we did a o-r-e operational readiness exercise before we deployed to Iraq and my Platoon drew the straw to get put on the ship For the pre-department training exercise and you know, this is we know we know like this is when you're in Iraq I'm getting ready to deploy Iraq we know that we're going to take those guys place right and we get put on a ship And we get we get this task he comes down and I remember I walked down the platoon space for all the guys Or I'm like all right boys get the lead light and slates out. It's on and one guy by the name of Johnny I won't say his full name, but he goes, are you kidding me? What are we doing? We're gonna do a hydro I said you're gonna hydro I said he said you gotta be kidding me We're going to Iraq. There are no freaking hydrogens in Iraq 471 miles from the ocean. Yeah, he was going totally dots and You know what we did we got our lead line and slate out and we went out did a hydrographic reconnaissance with a flutterboard I read beach or whatever it was and took that stuff down That's that the navy still needed that information for whatever reason I think now they're kind of past I think now they have Electronically yeah, they can do it with digital imagery and stuff like that, but that's only what 15 or 20 years ago That we were still out there with a lead line in a slate So that's your first couple months of deployment. You're just getting your hydrographic reconnaissance on right Where you what was what position were you the flutterboard man because you were a good swimmer? No, I wasn't a good swimmer. I mean I I can swim okay, but I wasn't the best My position a lot of times we learned then how to adapt and we had an IBS on board the ship and we put it 9.9 horsepower motor on the back of that IBS and we pulled the seaside of it So the the ocean I mean the land side we could pull that line so much quicker Yeah, by doing that and so much more accurately and that's what we did and I was Constantly trying to keep that outboard motor running so that worked out well for our whole platoon Yeah, that's a hell of a lot easier to do that swim that flutterboard. Yeah How so you did that for a couple months you're out there doing these hydrographic reconnaissance and what came after that? Then we went into the delton we we're off of Antoine. We take swift boats off of an LST off of an island in the south of Vietnam and go in and And do patrolling and That was basically the next four months. We did a lot of patrolling and you know Try to do some DA and stuff like that, you know, so what one of these operations like? You go in you get dropped off by the swift boat Well first of all you go in is a lot of very narrow Canals a lot of times if you weren't in a river so you would always engage at the beginning So you know we're exactly where they were gonna hit you so say okay at the point X-rays coming up everybody get behind We had a railing and we had Armour body armor on the railing, you know and so we would all get behind the body armor on the railing And they would open up with an RPG or a claymore or something like that and we would go a mile pass and say Oh, that wasn't that bad today, you know So you because you were going through channelized areas and you look at the map me like oh yeah, here's the channelized area Here's where gonna get us yeah, and so I mean it was very ineffective, but you just kept your head down No swift boat guys I mean they were always being hit those guys were really brave guys because they had so many casually So they were right there, you know with the 50s and the 60s and stuff and letting them have it Where we would be hiding behind it with our M16 point it out from the side We're okay, we're gonna we're gonna get those Vc today. We never saw I'm sure they were on the other canal You know with a command that native claymore something, you know What was the goal of these missions? I think just to Go make sure that they didn't take a big foothold whatever sector you were in and And we would go to their camp and we would burn the camp down You know we get some C4 and light it and put it into the hooches and it would burn down their hooches and we'd go run their pigs off and stuff like that And then we would patrol through the jungle. They had drop us off in the jungle and we'd put patrol through the jungle because they weren't expecting us you know at that time That was right after Tet so Tet and the United States was very demoralizing because Army always said you know we have this we have this sector we have this country we're doing Better every day and then Tet happens this massive battle and We beat them back of course, but a lot especially the Marines up north really took a beating and And after that as far as the people here in America I think we're that that was the end of Vietnam We knew we were coming back out of Vietnam because they did Tet and then you go overseas and Vietnam And the Army didn't want to go up. They would tell us all the time. They would say okay You guys can go outside the wire and do your mission or whatever you want to do but don't expect us to come and And you know be a QRF because we're probably not coming out to get you or if we do it might be the nice next day Right because the war everybody wanted to stay behind the wire because they knew the war was gonna be over and They didn't want to be the last man standing So it was a different attitude, but we were gun-hough we went hey It's rock and roll baby. Let's do it. You know let's go. This is our big chance and so we would go out and our officers were very aggressive the men were aggressive and we just could do whatever we wanted to do Of course we ran it up the pole so the command knew what we were doing But it was really good for us Because we could catch the VC they'd be sitting in Lolli Kagan and we'd be walking up to him and they're over there Lolli Kagan And then it wouldn't have any idea that we were coming on them. You know nobody was out there What position did you walk in patrol? I was rear security So I liked that position because a lot of in my estimation and I probably wrong here But I was you know I was always cognizant if somebody comes up on you They're gonna usually see you before you see them So you got to do a good job Because it could be devastating them coming right up you know right up on you would most of your patrol How many guys would you take out on those standard patrol usually eight to ten? Would you guys how many M60s would you carry and would you guys have stoners like they had over in the field? No, we were the poor man sealed So no stoners I'm just going to talk about the M16 if you don't mind commander You know that we got to Vietnam we used a variety of different weapons here in training in San Diego And none I don't remember any M16s that we used here so we get there and they give us the M16 See man, this is so much different from those woodstock very very heavy weapons We had you know and they really were good in their brand new ride right out of cosmoly right and so we go on our first First mission and we get everything we're soaked everything because we're trooper into the jungle and it's raining And we have to go through these different low spots or full of water and we get the gun wet and we get in the firefight And you have to constantly recharge the weapon because it wouldn't it wouldn't work, you know And so we then they had this real thick Lubricant that came from the manufacturer of the weapon and they said this is the Lubricant to use to keep your rifle But it kind of gummed everything up and so You know after about three of these where the thing didn't work I went to the armor I said dude you got to give me something to works. I don't care what it is You can give me a six gun because it's better than at M16 I can I can make it work right and so they give me an M3A1 a grease gun, you know little tank People and tanks and World War II use its cost general motors made these 12 these guns for 12 dollars and 87 cents each during World War II right and they gave me that gun And only thing you have to do is shake it one time the water out and then that thing would work Flawlessly you could come right out of the water bring it up give it a little dip bang bang bang bang It was a wonderful weapon. I I carried that a lot because it worked every time So I really liked that weapon and it was very negatively buoyant, but it really worked good What was your optempo light? I mean how often were you guys going out on these patrols? You know sometimes a lot sometimes a little depending on what was going on and What we had coming down the pipe? You know what the navy would task us we were really some a lot of times Dependent on the navy to do something with assets Swift boats or whatever So sometimes would work five days a week sometimes six sometimes two So that's gonna lead me to my next point if you don't mind so I like to operate right You know and I I like to be busy because I don't like to set around So I would volunteer I'd go to Mr. Plum and see Mr. Plum You gotta give me a job and I can't sit here in this LST or wear on sea float You know we're on sea foes nasty and so he said pose it. I got a deal for you You're gonna go with the army today fine So what we would do I would hook up with a second lieutenant I was 21 at the time and he was like 20 right? Never been in combat and they give him a patoon of arvon right? We had a patoon of 30 arvon which was the Vietnamese national guard 30 Vietnamese who had little battle experience if any and we would go out with them We would patrol with these guys and we never lot them let them get behind us Never ever let them get behind us because you don't know who's the VC and who's not and you'd get shot in the back So I would carry the radio they never let none English-speaking people carry the radio because you had to have somebody You know that people could one understand too knew that they weren't getting suckered in with some Viet Kong on the radio So I would carry the radio and the lieutenant would be in front of me and we would be in back of the platoon And so I really I like that because I mean these guys were slow and they had no ability to engage the enemy I mean we had 30 guys and if there were six guys engaging us, you know, they were freaking out You know and so we would kind of round them up and you know Well, you're gonna go here and you're gonna go here and you know it was kind of fun and One day we were out there with these guys and they all gave them you know They knew there was no VC in the vicinity So that's the the missions that they would give us because these guys were so terrible And so we went out today and we could we saw like these 30 guys Give us the evil eye about You know half a click off over the other side of this rice And then I said LT we got to make it back to the the boats because These guys got that evil look on us and they're gonna come and get us and he said yeah So anyhow we're getting these you know we're telling these feasts I mean these are even guys we got to move we got to get back Well, they're kind of a lolly gagging along and these feasts are coming right up on us right and I say the LT we better You know, you know we better do something and he said oh you know He was good I can't find fault with them at all so we had this this battle line there and Heads of area type and things got real bad for us and so I got on a radio and I called A net there and I said You know to the army guys is there anybody else that can come and help us do you have any healos or anything out there that can help us and They said we got no healos, but we do have a fast mover coming in on you guys Well, that help you and I said does he have anything on board to kind of light these guys up? He said oh yeah, he's equipped with Naepon said really and so Through that radio relay, you know we talked to that guy and There were they talked to him I talked to them and I said okay We're gonna pop the smoke and on the south side of the smoke don't let that Naepon go on us You know let it go on those dudes and they did and I'd never been around Naepon Close before because you could always see it in the distance but never close and Man that it was incredible the power of the Naepon just absolutely incredible in a hot We were probably 100 feet away, you know, hunker down we could we could see him off Flying that fan I'm coming in and he dropped that Naepon and it was just like a blast furnace and he lit those guys up and And a VC it lit them up and they were still running Completely engulfed in flames and and liquefied their gelite Gasoline and it was really incredible to see that the power of that weapon and so Then we obviously as soon as he lit them up we all ran away and went back to the Extraction point and so I'm happy that guy was there because I don't know It's probably me and the L.T. and the Arvins at that point we let the Arvins been behind us because we had a bit of running full speed of hell through that jungle, right? I mean It was getting real bad real fast How often would you say you came into enemy contact on these operations? You know I've got some some Vietnam friends that that weren't in the seal teams sometimes They'd say they barely got in any contact with the enemy other guys different deployments They got in contact even Roger Hayden from one deployment to the next one time He's out there. It's like not too bad the next time. It's crazy What was it like for you? No, it wasn't we weren't seals and we knew we weren't seals and we would just go do the missions that the Navy told us to do So it wasn't like Ramadi. I mean it was We'd have contact as far as claymores and stuff like that going on in swift boats But I mean it wasn't at all like what you experienced in your battles. Well, I don't know I wasn't getting chased out by VC having to drop an ape on 100 feet away, but we were lucky on that You know who are very lucky? How were you how was your luck with taking casualties? For the Arvins? No for for your suit for your UDT Well, in my platoon I don't think we had one casualty And we had a real good OIC Paul plumb. I don't know if you know him He was really a good officer and he really looked out for the sailors So we were really good with that and he did you know he would see the mission and he would Explain the mission and very You know most of the guys we were called knuckle draggers, right? And so he had to be simple because you know We just didn't have the experience of all the stuff that they have now And so he was really good and we got it and so it just wasn't the up tempo of Seal team one for UDT and most places and Then how long were you do it? This was all taken place all those missions were taken place those patrol missions were taking place out of the The the barge some of the barge some of the swift boat depending if you were an Antoy Antoy was an island and you'd go in and the barge was in the middle of the river You know and so we would deploy off of that and so you did operations out of both those yes And how long were you doing those types of operations? Did a couple months worth of hydrographic reconnaissance off of the USS Whatever that ship was and then and then now you're doing USS cook USS cook and now you're doing these types of patrolling operations and you know swift boat operations How many months were you doing that for I think around four? But you'd every too much you'd have a break and sometimes you'd go back to the PI and Recrupe and get new guys or do whatever and then how long was the total deployment? Six months. Okay, so that was that would pretty much your deployment. Yes, sir So you come home from that deployment what year is it? 69 Yeah, I think 69 and then what what was the what was the Apollo? That's right, so what point did you hear about Apollo? Well when we were getting You know nobody wanted to come home at least most of the guys didn't want to come home because People didn't like you if you're a New York services if you had a haircut Like the most of us in this room they perceived you to be a soldier or a sailor and they didn't like you So I didn't want to come home. I volunteered to stay and Then they said well you can go on Apollo. I said I was a history major also in school And I said man this is a time to you know if I can be on Apollo Even though it's such a pain It was a pain in the ass That I should do this so they they one day they announced okay We're gonna do Apollo 12 and 13 and Whoever wants to do a common see the exo so nobody saw them the first day and so the second day they make Acquotors they said whoever wants to be on Apollo Go see the exo because we knew the next day you would be volunteers right? And so for Apollo 11 the first one you were in Vietnam when I was happy right? We didn't even know how happened because we were out and there was no TV or radio But that was the big one everybody wanted to go on that one. I knew a couple guys on that that was really will Fremb I can't remember his first name But he did a really good job on that they had the good guys But then once it was over people like I everyone here's what the story is sitting around in the ocean for a while Looking up at the sky waiting for these guys to touch it down Being on a ship wherever you are so it turned from a good deal to like hey, maybe we don't want to do that It wasn't a team deal right I mean it wasn't a good deal for the team guys So they say so I go to the exo and I said okay, I want to go on Apollo But I want to choose my position on the team and he says well what position you want to be? And I said I want to be the first man out the door and he says you got it posey So He was lying to me and I know he was lying to me I thought I had a shot right because the first man out the team had his name announced It was a literally a billion people looking at TV and even on the second one because they thought the second one It was going to blow up because it got struck by lightning on the path right and so So I said okay, I'm going to be the first guy out the door and he says yeah and so Then other people Fall in tears and we we did it so it the reason why it was a pain of but is because we did it three times a day morning noon and night cover of darkness is because we never knew when the capsule was going to come down for sure or not Right and you'd go out and then the first supposed two hours you'd be on scuba on the surface of the water Because they thought there were moonbooks. We didn't know if there was decontamination from the moon Excuse me and so you'd suck that thing I mean I probably sucked that tank dry in 15 minutes, but you had to keep it in your mouth on the side to breathe because you know that was the procedure that's when NASA required and so we would be out there and Doing this thing and for the first two hours being on the surface like that with that thing in your mouth It would make you seasick and so you'd throw up so every All the time before the mission I would go eat a bunch of saltine crackers because I didn't like dry even on rather Heave something that was Solid rather than just dry even and so you'd be seasick for maybe a half hour than you'd get over it and you know way you went and the process for every minute they had you were supposed to do Minute a minute be minute all the way to xxx NASA knew what you were supposed to be doing over that four hours and 45 minutes and you had to abide by that Schedule to do because if you fell behind they were really mad for whatever reason and Our team was really good and I think with one time we held the recovery record on Apollo tell for doing the fastest one and The problem with it is the guys land in the ocean these three astronauts in this capsule It's 12 feet across and probably 10 feet oh not even 10 feet nine feet high right And they're Bob and there for like an hour on the thing inside of this capsule on their back and they come out and there is green I mean, I don't see anything green on this table They're this color green when they get out of the capsule because they're so seasick because they've been in this capsule with bad air And I'm sure all their Suge problems and all this stuff and they're green when they come out of it and you want to get them out of that as soon as possible So you know to to give them some relief So it was a very interesting thing That we had a mock up and we practiced on that off of the Hornet that was the aircraft carrier we did that three times a day One time we couldn't stop the capsule and the capsule would catch the wind and it would run If you got in front of the capsule it would run you over just like a lawnmower right and go over you About two knots and you know you can't swim two months. It's impossible You know with all the stuff we had to wear it's impossible at two knots and so we couldn't stop this So we and our morning exercise we couldn't stop So we went back in the afternoon and And I said you know if I get if you drop me right on the capsule I think because what the first man out the door There was a derring on the side of the capsule and you would hook this hook into the derring and did Poia perissue to stop the forward and progress of this capsule from running over you and running away Couldn't stop so I said drop me right on the capsule and I can stop this thing because we had the other team doing it And I was lucky enough to be able to do it. I'm sure the wind wasn't as great as it was in the morning or whatever, you know And they said because they were thinking about firing a 50 caliber into it to sink it because it's a navigation hazard. I mean it's a big piece of iron right and we stopped that and then on the mission day The seas from trough to Crest of the wave were probably 12 to 15 feet yeah it was really brutal and it was slapping that capsule around like there was no in He said one of those guys going through inside of that capsule So I jump out of the helicopter that day and they let me put me right next to it right and I go and I can't find the deering. I can't find unpanicked, you know what what to my mind commander? What's worse? Being somewhere where you're supposed to be competent and you're totally incompetent and you make a fool of yourself What's worse in there nothing nothing nothing You know it's like you know especially with a billion people watching That's the one thing that's worth is having a billion people watching be In confident when you're supposed to be competent. It's like the bribe grom on the wedding night I mean you want to be competent right doing I'm saying yes, yes, you want to be competent And so I couldn't find it and I was panicked and I did know they put a piece of foil Over because the outer layer of the capsule has foil this gold foil and it's very bright and it's shined in your mask And it was very difficult to see So I'm going around tapping the sides of the capsule looking for it I finally found it and I was able to hook it up and then we went from there and so it went really good for having such high seas So the rest of the process and they said whatever you do whatever you do You do not go and strip the foil off the capsule because they want to analyze its Capitals like a fiberglass aircraft aluminum right and All over the if they have this gold foil this plastic gold foil Do not take any of the foil because we have to analyze a situation when it comes out of the spit out of the out of the Air we need to know what's going on so oh no we would never do that right we would never do that So we knew at what point the aircraft carrier the aircraft carrier takes four miles to turn around right and Otherwise they're right on you and they got the big you know the giant binoculars and found that big and they're looking at you You know You know one of those because the NASA guys always hated us Just like everybody else And so As soon as the aircraft carrier starts making its turn we go on the other side of the capsule we're stripping this foil And we're sticking in our wed suit One for the ground back to one for mom one for the girl I had a girlfriend to play the cello and I could never Get anywhere with that girl for me I said man this is this is gonna bode me well with this girl for an upbeat this thing's been to the mood Man she's getting something I give what is that? How big was the area that you knew that the capsule was gonna touch down in? Well, we anticipated being within four miles so so it was pretty accurate pretty accurate But you never know because they had the aircraft I mean excuse me the Air Force guys and C130s with the pair of guys Being able to jump out if it wasn't within because they knew once it started decelerating Coming out of the space because it had to go from 24,500 miles down to you know five miles an hour They knew upon a deceleration where it's gonna be so we would steam to that thing and it I mean that that carrier was right there I mean we saw it coming right out of the sky So that was really that Those mathematicians and the sailors really did did well on that yeah, that seems like a big challenge No, I think it would be even in four miles free from 25,000 miles an hour through the through the atmosphere And then did did so we either first guy out you were the first guy out that did they say your name on absolutely there we go And so this is kind of a funny funny thing here So my mother was really proud of me, you know my son, he's gonna be out of Mom nobody wanted to do it I found her first You know she said don't tell her neighbors that you are selected as far as mom was concerned went through a rigorous selection program They're for you out who had who had what who had the right stuff That's right. No, we we drew straws and the low man got to go on Apollo because nobody else Do you still have any of the foil? No Thank you So my mother knew I was gonna be on Apollo and she knew I that my name was gonna be announced right in my city So she we didn't have color TV my father Didn't like color TV so she says I'm buying a color TV. I'm gonna see my son So they had all the neighbors in and all the Like we had a group of kids that I went to school college with and they all came over my house and my wife didn't know me But she came to my mother's house just for that thing and and she says my heart the first time I saw my husband was a half inch tall So that was a big deal So what happens when you get done with that what what's your next thing? You do then I I wanted to go on 13 because I just I was you know we my team was really good at this Okay, we had some great officers great chiefs great people doing it And I wanted to go and I said okay, I want to go they said well You're just about done and I said what do you mean I'm done and he says well you got a sign up for another four years To go on this and I did four years to go on Apollo Because they had the Vietnameseization this was terrible thing and this is what I see going on in Iraq They had the Vietnamese Asian of Vietnam so we turned over all of our assets to the Vietnamese Especially in the very hot sectors and We would only go as backup or supportive if they were having a problem, you know And so you could see the end of the war coming even in 69 the end of the war was coming because These guys were taken over there and completely incompetent and so I said Man of this team 13 get a make another deployment Probably you know, but what's it gonna be like we're just gonna be sitting you know watching victory at sea movie somewhere And not really going out and doing a lot and So I just got out I didn't up for that other four years So Did you stay in the reserves was there a reserve at the time? The Navy the real Navy reserves so just big Navy reserves Yeah, big Navy reserve and you want to dive in you or something and then is that what you did you stay in reserves and then Admiral Bonelli was instrumental in getting the other the UDT UDT seal reserves going so then when they did that I joined that but then I Got real busy and I dropped out of that for a while. What did you do when you When when you were in the reserves and now you're re-entering the civilian world what did you do? School where'd you go to school for? Anything I get as quick as possible because I was 24 years old and I wanted to get out of school because my contemporaries were very young And I just wanted to get out So I went I tried to jam through that as quick as I could and where'd you get a degree in history? And then a minor in business and then what'd you do? Well, one of the Actually before school started I hitchhiked around the world so at that time you could hitchhike around the world And I wanted to see the world and see what was going on, you know, and so we started in LA and we got in those days you could get a car and if you drove it to New York They would pay for the gas so it was free because we only had $1200 We were in the world It was a service Instead of transporting it they let people drive it across So it's like we early form that Uber yeah, yeah, it was you drive Uber right so we got in this car and this car was a brand new God was it something British right and it could go go like an angi or something no no it was better than mg Really I can't remember what it was but it was small but it was really Triumph maybe a triumph so no it was It was something pretty nice I can't imagine a worse decision And so we can't build those straight out of the knob we could fast break the car to drive across Car's and gas money This is bad decision but no wonder this kind of Uber didn't work out did you ruin it? So we get this car on a like a Friday After noon and you have to call the guy and say okay we're leaving Los Angeles right now and we'll be there Maybe Tuesday or Wednesday right So 49 hours later we get to New York City and we call the guy and he said hey, we're here He said you're here 49 hours to go 3000 miles Well, we left we really left earlier than Friday right and we were literally going a lot a hundred miles an hour across the nation and at that time You could really go right and so then we just got on the airplane at that time that cheapest airline was Icelandic airline But she had to spend three days in Iceland so that was cool right who are you with you? My travel friend a guy that I'd known for 10 years. He was really a great guy. Just another guy from Linward that you grew up with yeah He was really he's a big dude and that worked out well for us because the hitchhiking could be a little if he at times and then we got to Where we pulled wherever we pulled in Europe but they had a real late winter and we didn't have any winter clothes So we only stayed in Europe like a month and then we went down to we went down to Israel and if you wanted to work in Israel So we went and got a job at a kaboots in Israel for three months So that was really good. What were you doing there? Just working on this Kaboots and I was a beekeeper and so they made me a beekeeper sitting and then a painter and so we were doing that and they paid us five dollars a month and And free room and board but that was cool because then we could see all the sights in Israel because I always wanted to go to Israel Right and pay and at that time you could hit check all over Israel anybody would pick you up and Let's say you're going from hypha where we were down south to you know the deadsear whatever you could do that It was really good and we left there and just started hitchhiking across the world. Is this like 1970 or so? 701 Yeah, 71 I think Yeah, and what's the when you're when you're home from Vietnam and you know you're talking about earlier, you know people are They think you're a soldier they're looking down and you did you feel out once you were back? Absolutely I mean I really had regret that I didn't stay in the military because You know the people wouldn't have anything to do with you Of course as soon as you got out you let your hair grow a little longer You know and so that you fit in more rather than you know not having any hair so that kind of mask what was going on But I mean the you know the hippies were just plain You know nasty I mean they the thing I hated about it. They had dirty knees and dirty elbows They didn't take shower all the time and they stumped and they smelled like marijuana I mean it was really nasty You know in the women were I mean they didn't keep themselves up it was it was bad so I had no Inkling there that I wanted to be a hippie I just didn't I don't get any inkling that you were much too many Nobody wanted to be a well none of my y'all wanted to be a hippie, right? So how long did this Did this Hey, Tricking scenario hours about ten months took us ten months to go around the world Did you keep going did you keep ahead me staff to go to Israel? Oh, yeah, we hitchhiked across Well, that time you couldn't go to an Arab country after Israel So you had to go to Cyprus then from Cyprus to Turkey then we just started hitchhiking at Turkey and made it across Afghanistan And then through India, you know, and we could make it to Bangladesh Well, Bangladesh was east Pakistan at the time They didn't have Bangladesh because a lot of countries changed You know since then and we made it there then we had to get on an aircraft because we couldn't go across Burma And you know go we did go to Burma spend a couple of days there then To Japan and back to the States sometimes you either had a fly or be out of ship because you can't hitchhike on the water, right? And did you feel like at the end of that that you had sort of gotten your fill of and seeing what you wanted to see? Yeah, and for that sector, yeah, but you know, I really I always We did a West Pack, you know with UDT so we saw you know China which is Hong Kong at the time and Japan and stuff so You know, but then the next year I went to school and then we took the summer off We got student loans to travel in the summer not to go through school to the G.I. Bill, right? And so got student loans and we hitchhiked to Chile and came back in a three month period So that was good. What are you doing on the when you're in Chile? What are you doing? For instance we're just hitchhiking and seeing what's going on with the people you know and because then you travel with the people and you really see what's going on You really see rather than be it on an airplane You see their mode of transportation what they eat and you know We never had a problem Never had a problem. You said you did a West Pack with UDT when was the West Pack with UDT? No, that was during Vietnam I mean that was called a West Pack right yeah and being on board ship for that two months we did saline too So then you do this trip Now now you get back to California and now you got to like grow up kind of well No then it was then I had a very serious major in college. It was beer and women and so I was I excelled Well Where'd you go to college when you got back orange goes college and orange County and you continue to study history? Is that what you started? Yeah because it was the quickest way of getting out of college and you just wanted to get out and get it some kind of a job Just wanted to rock and roll. That's right. Just go get some kind of work so I could make money Then what was it two years and you finished college? No, it was actually I had to start over because I took a lot of stuff that wouldn't transfer to an academic major because I took a practical art With auto mechanics, but then it took me like a year and a half to get out of junior college and another year and a half to get out of You know big boy college and then what what then I went to work I went to work for machine re manufacturers and I got back into the reserves what you're to get back in the reserves oh These maybe 75 I think they you know I told you earlier that I had COVID real bad. I lost part of my memory So I have hard time with dates and names. I just can't remember what it was I mean that's might not have anything to do with COVID Am I doing a fact that it's 40 something years ago and you did a lot of care at the time when I got going back to those herbs Whatever Yeah, it's funny. I find myself I can't remember sometimes what platoon's I was in because people like I did a split in this with whom I'm like I'm like what platoon was that I kind of forget sometimes when it's like your whole life For a year and a half is your platoon and I'm like what kind of idiot am I that I don't remember a Wupple tune I was at I can usually back But a deconstruct what it was and figured out so you go back in the reserves and But you when you're back in the reserves. Are you part of the UDT reserves? Yes They started it then whenever that was and then and then what are you doing one weekend a month? Yeah, and you're going down and you're making beer and doing it your condosants? No, no I mean it actually looked UDT really cleaned up because then they saw what seal team did that cut the way for us So we would do more seal team things Then we would do UDT because UDT was a thing of the past so that was really good And so we did that I did that and then You know I don't know how many years I did that and I got out for a while then I came back in like 86 and came back into reserves and Then you know it was it was You know that was really good and then the I know in that book And the volume mentioned that in the first when the first Gulf War kicked off Yeah, you Rogered up today send me what happened with that well I got I wasn't fully qualified on a couple of things and so they wouldn't send me and so you know that was cool And I just made me work harder to get up to speed on everything so It just didn't work out But you know what can you do? I mean If you're not if you don't have those calls you don't have those calls. I look on. Didn't you have like dive suit for something? Yeah, I mean just like the standard kind of seal Yeah, we just just like that because I got in a year before but I I kind of evolved I was 40 years old I think at the time I can't remember how old I was and You know you're not gonna run and gun like These studgy dudes right here, right? You're not gonna do it because you can't do it. Mm-hmm. Right? No matter how much you work out or you know And so I said you know I really have to find my place and see where I'm an asset And so the training department was really good for me because there was a big paper push there And I got to work in training and Then I got to go to a lot of places. I could volunteer I would volunteer for 30 to 60 days a year to go to exercise as to support the teams so that was really good for me, you know? And so I learned a lot because of that What do you remember about when you know UDT 13 got decommissioned and then UDT 11 and 12 Sun said it and became CLT 13 38 18 18 5 18 3 so you were were you still on the reserves at that time? I wasn't in and so that I did I missed that process And then of course the funding and I don't know because I wasn't there but that's what I think happened The funding process and the leadership process went from the navy from big navy to so-called And so I'm sure people listening to this that live that will find fault with me on my fax But it was a different world the navy You know this Team guys were thin very quickly right very We're out of welcome me. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah We're out and you have to really protect yourself against that because then the other units won't work with you And if they won't work with you, you can't do it by yourself So yeah, well, we definitely learned that lesson over time of yourself just getting to working with your counterparts and Skiing them the support that you can give absolutely because then they'll support you back right So after the first goal for where you got denied But then you realized alright, I got to figure out how I can help what I can do and you stay in the reserves for the next 10 years and Then September 11 happens. Yes, where where were you at September and September 11th? September I was actually gonna go to work for The boats and help promote their recruiting okay and so That was on the 10th of December I mean 10th of September and so I was gonna go work with them like a DOD job to help promote that or be an active reserve As they hadn't worked it out so Then they said on the 10th they said don't come down because we're not using it We'll give you a call the next week tell you because we don't have your funding Appropriated yet and so on then you'll 11th My friend calls me and he says have you watched the TV and I'd worked all night because I was doing us flipping houses right And I worked out all night on this one property and I went home and he calls me data clock in the morning So she said you see the TV and I said no He says get down and watch a TV so then that's what the tower is he said So I call the unit and I said hey I'm available what what's going on don't come because the base was were you in a documentary? I was I was actually going to call it okay the Navy had me in college at that time and I was doing the same thing I was calling my detail and saying hey sir I'll quit college right now. I'll finish this stuff later. I don't care And you know I had this conversation with him it was it was Admiral Puyvis and he I had worked for him before and he was an awesome boss He's a great and when September 11th happened I called him and said hey I'll do anything you know send me back to see what the amount of money I don't need my degree. I'll do my degree All mine whatever and which cool is you know I think I'm you know being all default aggressive and stuff but I talked to him a couple of years ago I actually talked to him and his wife and guess what every guy that was not a team was calling up saying hey I'm ready to go I'm ready to go that's that's the community It's everyone wanted to get to go fight. That's what we do The world where two guys are caught yeah Exactly So you call up and you and what they tell you They said don't come to base. It's a lockdown but come because they could activate me on Reservist orders and because I knew it was gonna happen because We had some of those same problems and Vietnam here and so I'm good at making Little things happen and so they I went down there. I think on a Friday I think the 9 11 was on a Tuesday. I just can't remember and So then I went down there that Friday and then went to group one and started working some issues that they had Especially activating reservists Yeah, because all of the sudden we need to manage all kinds of petitions a lot of positions and the team's guys Team positions a team guys didn't want to do and rightfully so but it was good to get the Reservist back in to that line of fire so that they could you know Because you know you gotta get it on you know and It takes a while to get up to speed So the war kicks off in Afghanistan at what point did you Did you get on the on the freaking launch pad to go to Iraq How old were you at that point? 2003 is when you went no I think I wouldn't Either 2002 or 2003 I can't remember but before the war just before the war started So what happened is I'm there working for group and I would A great guy that I really really love Jim Jimmy Baron Mass Chief Baron. I don't know if you remember him sir Mass Chief Baron was working on a DPVs. They actually pulled them out of storage a DPV is a tuned bug He looking thing with the is it a 50 or a 60 on the top? I don't remember right? I think it could be either Yeah, you could go either way on that's like me and I shouldn't say that little joke, but I would I'll refrain there And so He pulled those out of storage and he was really good wrench turner. I mean he was fabulous. He was a guru And so I Ask him I said you know I'm a heric group. Can I support you guys? And he says well you can't do it during a day, but you can come at night And so I went there A bit to help them because they were trying to push that stuff out the door before Christmas right and so I go down there and I'm turning it around you're in here Like three o'clock in the morning saying well, it's about we had to be back here at six It's about time when he went home, you know that type of thing Baron is a great guy in this whole I think there was nine guys involved with Baron on those three or four D.P.Vs Maybe it was more and so I got to work with him because I wanted to go forward right So my boss at group one I said they had As soon as we come on board they they have a thing in a conference room and they said okay Who wants to go forward who wants to go to the war? Everybody raises their hand and civilian boss it looks at me and he says posi He says you're too old you're too fat you're too stupid you're the last guy We're gonna say we're gonna slim the cleaning lady before we're gonna send you I said no you're not you're gonna send me He says no way in hell okay And I said yeah you're gonna send me He was why was I arguing with my boss right to do have him do me a favor and send me overseas right? Who would do that? I was stupid and so So here's right So he says He says now we got a lot of work for you to do we got to push all these guys out because you know the The reserves at that time weren't really we had kind of a Looser type of reserve unit and they weren't deployed that off it so some of them had ID cards that weren't current I mean there is you know and there will's were from three wives back in In 1972, you know and you had to bring all that amount of paperwork that usually took four or five days And we were trying to facilitate these guys through the system to get them out the door You know and to get them you know just basic training because we didn't do a lot of chemical training Basic chemical training and all that kind of thing So I was doing that and I was working DPVs at night and finally master chief Baron I think it was the 26th of December and And so I said man I was really hoping I could go with those guys So anyhow they have like a couple of weeks later they said we need somebody to go over to There to help service vehicles on humvies because we never had a lot of humvies We never had a lot of vehicles and seal tape especially there was no up armor no armor and they were put at least humvies out of Out of the surplus storage from the army. I mean they were just thrashed right So I said you know I'm really good mechanic I didn't ever I never opened a hood of a humvie right didn't have a clue I said I'm really a good mechanic and I think you should send me and look at it I mean that's 56 years old right so Eventually because they couldn't find anybody better than me which was The first wrong of the latter. I mean they said okay you're you're going you're going over and you're gonna work on these humvies And editor I said well, what are we gonna do about tools and they said well Baron has all the tools and he has all the stuff But everybody knows and any given wartime situation that you don't whatever you need the most you never get I mean if you need that special gun or whatever it is it never shows up right So I go to Harbor Freight and I buy this gigantic box of tools because I know That those you know those assets aren't gonna be there and so I took my box of tools and they He hadn't got their tools all their tools and they're coming over borrow they had all snap on stuff You know With the snap on shirt and you know the $10,000 box just the box alone was $10,000 I got my Harbor Freight 298 the crescent wrench right and so Posty could we we really need a a number 11 metric Endurance you got of course I got it So they sent me over and they had these these Highlux tie-outers and they were gonna use on initial invasion and they put winches and all kinds of different stuff on them But the high-lux shows up But all the other stuff's not put on so that was my I think the first couple of weeks I was putting on all the stuff to the high-luxes to get them out and then We had a lot of servicing of humvies and all that and a lot of re-org stuff and so Then they were looking for people to go forward who's gonna go in this position? Me God come on come on we're scraping the bottom of the barrel here cheese low-weas and so So I'm stuck back at the base that I'm doing different stuff that I really don't like to do and I'm listening You know to see when a chance of me going forward what's what's the need what kind of talent that I have because I think most of us Marine Corps and different facets of society we have a place in society like I'm not a leader at all I'm a follower, but I'm a real good follower the command you know commanders intent I want to hear the commanders intent that I want to explore with the commander what that intent is I want to know what it really means Because sometimes the words don't convey what that person really thinks I want to know how I can support that person any way possible, you know what's his real meaning What's those words coming out of his mouth? How can I help if I can make my sailors Have whatever they need and they're happy and then secondary that if I can make my boss look good and then the navy look good Then it's cool right? Yeah, it's cool. I mean everybody's cool because that's they want you around then if you get they say well who did this? And say posey did it and so it was a good thing right? I mean You know you did this rider whatever I say no no no no wasn't me it was my two subordinate smucketyly and Jura Dally here so I always try to defer that or push it back to my boss Because that's what makes you valuable and if you need a favor some time those people will come Forward and I learned that and Vietnam When we would go to these different places They would leave like flags and pictures of Different things and China and pottery Then we were able to take those assets to the guys that were on the navy bases and if we needed You know cases see rats at the time or Would you guys mind you're unloading all this beer out of this ship and Would you guys mind pushing a pallet of this beer off the dock and let it fall into the water and Then we'll retrieve it and I'll trade you this Viet Cong flag with fat genuine Vietnam blood They didn't know his pigs blood with a couple bullet holes that we shot in a parking lot We would really appreciate that you know so we could barter our way and Vietnam because we had no money We had no assets we could barter our way Into different things and then I knew because so many people hadn't been to the war since Vietnam Well, they did of course they did the 96 hour war and they did other little wars But they didn't have a supply trade I knew that I could be valuable there securing assets for my team we only had 44 guys originally and bagged at So before I went I went on the internet and I bought I should have bought 12 I bought six Iraqi flags and I took them with me and then I took $550 of cash at small bills and another $500 in large bills because I knew that there's soon as we won that the Currency would be no longer valid and That you could buy that currency at a bargain rate and be able to do something with that currency right And so when the war started I mean when the war ended as far as George Bush calling it off Nobody knew what to do with the currency so before it was like a 16 to one ratio with their Iraqi currency for the American dollar and it and then by the time Bush called the war off it was in limbo and you could do a thousand to one you could literally buy I turned my $550 into Rocky dinner and I could buy a box of money a box of money And so but there's nothing to buy there's nothing to buy that the sanctions really worked in Iraq There was nothing to buy and so I had all this money and I had the I brought the flags and I was trading because we don't have an seal team when I got to Iraq We don't have it a logistics tale right at that time now we have a logistics tale. They got so much smarter But we didn't I was those logistics tale and as soon as we get we we went Real quick so you weren't you were in Kuwait Yes, when you were preparing to go. Yes, they're saying hey, we need someone to so so the troops push up in a bag Dad, yes, you're still in Kuwait Right, finally they go look we need someone to help us up there. We got vehicles to maintain We got to build a base they're looking around they keep looking past you and finally they freaking got no choice But they said no man up there to go get some I'm the last Vision of the world So what do you do jump on a yellow and fly up to to bag that international or do you drive up? No, no, no, so they tell me They tell me I was a huge area. Wait now is the team you could hitchhike releasing it. It was really quick I love hitchhiking because you meet a lot interesting people but anyhow I have my own vehicle because I'm the like the The go to guy to get things done for whatever you know little things you know somebody's got this or they need that or whatever So they tell me at five minutes after one and in Kuwait they said you have to be it Help me with the name of the airbase by a Alessad Elessad You have to be at the Alessad By two o'clock and you're getting on an airplane and you're going to bag dad and they're going to drop you off They're at bag dad you and Barrett I said Dude it's five minutes after one and it's like 70 miles how in Iraq? I mean in Kuwait how the hell am I gonna? She's you got to be there get in your car and go shut up So I get in my car and I got this rental car and I'm going literally a hundred miles and now we're down The Iraqi I mean the Kuwait freeway luckily they didn't stop me and I get there at 10 minutes. No, it's 12 minutes to two and I tell Barrett Barrett get your stuff and And we're going to Iraq. He said, Posi what do you got me into? I said I got things going here I can't I said I should have neuters. I had a set of orders for it. He said oh my god you dumb ass And so we we Throw all this do I get my toolbox and throw it in there and and and I mean we're just jamming stuff in this rental villa and we get there We get to the the C 130 at one minute to two okay one minute to two and the guys are looking at me the crew chief's look at me He said what are you doing? I said we got orders here's our orders. He said yeah you got orders we know who you are He said well what's going on let's go he says 0 200 0 200 Two more time in the civil either of for you, huh? No, but they told me to a clock. No, they said you got I mean Oh my god, so we go back and we pack our stuff and we actually put underwear in our And our C bag and the whole thing right and so we're there and so we thought we're gonna go to buy up right The Baghdad International sedan was saying international airport right And so these guys get us in there and they they go on the red light in the aircraft They said well what's going on where we going? He said well we're going to a road about 40 miles outside of Out of Baghdad to meet your guys It's a really and they have this pallet of stuff in in the aircraft and I said okay Sounds good that we're going in no lights no nothing we're gonna be on this highway outside of Baghdad, right Me and Jimmy bear posey. I'm gonna kick here. Right Because the guy Ben to you know a ton of stuff. I mean it's like talking to Michael Jordan that's that's Master chief Baron right I mean he's the man right the man and Domass worn off supposedy Telling him what to do so So we get there and he says okay we're going down We're going to go into this highway. We're gonna turn around and we're gonna do a five and five on you I said really I said you got this you know I said okay well you're gonna ride the pallet out right I said okay good So we jump on this pallet well it wasn't a five and five They were on actually on the deck right and they let us out of this aircraft and we're going about 20 miles in there But we just rode the pallet out and our guys and we we have all this ammunition and all this stuff that they needed and so We immediately head over to this hedge and just sit there for about a half hour and our guys eventually They knew we were there but they were afraid that some you know they're rackies we're gonna get on us and so Then we go the next day we go in on these six buys To bag that and we go along the road and people are clapping We love George bush we love George bush Really they love George bush. I mean all along. I wait they're telling us that I said my god I should have took a picture of that because they didn't love us after a couple of weeks Right, so we go to buy up. There's nobody there so we go to all a Lendi palace no the first no I'm sorry we go to the CIA headquarters the Rackie CIA headquarters And we're we're mustering there for a day or two so we get in there and what they did is they used a J-Dam and they collapsed the six story Iraqi CIA headquarters down they pancaked it down to two Two two sections of the building that survived and so there was court item Concrete dust everywhere and it was very hard to breathe and so we go in there and I said you know we had to go We had to go to These offices the top office should be a head dude in a Iraqi CIA right The head guy has the top office we had to go see what we can see so we make our way through all this Construction stuff destructions stuff and we go to the top office and it's Uday's office right and so I opened a Destroir of Uday's office and he's got these Chrome sunglasses that like Elvis wore right I said and the guy I was with The chief that I was with he He grabs his glasses and then he had on his desk a picture of him and these glasses and so he grabs that and he says Okay, which one do you want? I said I'll take the glasses and he says okay So he takes the picture and I take the glasses so I got two days glasses So we stay there a couple of days and then I go out that morning that we're supposed to leave because I wanted to make sure the vehicle was serviced and ready to go because we had gasoline We had ammunition we had mortars we had all kinds of stuff on this Six by truck and I think we had three or four vehicles So I'm up into cab of this truck making sure everything's done and I have my bayonet that I had in Vietnam And I'm sitting in the seat like this and my bayonet gets stuck in this MTVR truck There and then they start shooting at me You know and it's just I mean it's five o'clock in the morning the sun just come up in their shooting at me right Say man I got to get out of this truck because it could go You know if they hit the gasoline God knows what's going on So I'm trying to get out of this truck and I'm trying to push this stupid bayonet over to the side and I'm pulling on pulling and I go out the side of the truck and I didn't See this culvert right here and I go I do the big crash I got my weapon and across my chest and my battle rattle and man it's killing me it's killing me and so I get out of there and I walk back to there and you know whatever and we go then we go to Al Rindi Palace and We said well the army's gonna come in here to buy up and they're gonna run things There they eight hundred pound gorilla right they're always the eight hundred pound gorilla no matter where we go we shouldn't this Carmander's making this decision We should go find another place because we don't want to get kicked out once we start improving it So we go down to the servants quarters and they have some nice little buildings there, but they burn off Out some of the buildings and they stole all the air conditioning and the wiring into walls and everything and So we go in there and that's that's our that's our camcini posing right It wasn't Jenny Posi the type and so we go there. It's Neptune tried and you know every seal team name that no demand So we start improving that camp because we know we're gonna have a lot of people laid on in that camp You know just not the 18 that we originally started with So we go to this camp and we start improving it and I don't know if you'd know Ranger I don't want to say his last time. Okay. Yeah, we're all calling Ranger right and this guy's a master I mean because so we're in biopin where the only cut the only people and biopin there's some little You know scirmish and stuff out of town, but there's not a whole lot going it So we're going to biopin we're going to the army and it's like being with us a rockstar people are saying I mean he's driving this Humvee right John John we haven't seen you since Grenada John we haven't seen you since Panama how you doing? I mean the guys are rockstar there in the army right Said man I'm happy that I know this guy and so We do that then people start coming in and we had a real good opt-empo to begin with The seal team was really kicking ass. Okay. We had great commanders great platoon chiefs I mean everybody I mean because we thought the war might be a 96 hour war like it was the first Gulf war So we want to get as much experience as possible right A little did we know it'd be there 22 years later 21 years later so So we're there improving the camp in this and then We're there one day and and We have a more de-meated a-dave clock with everybody in the camp and John comes in and he says he's swearing and he never swore He never swore and he swore he says I'm so sick of this Tells a commander right there. I'm so sick of this we're changing the name of this camp Nobody knows where this camp we change the name of this camp 15 times since we had been there the army doesn't know where They changed the name you know we're naming this camp camp bill Posi And I look at him. I said are you out of your mind? Are you out of your mind? Only dead people or very courageous people have a seal a seal team camp named after him. Are you crazy? He says no we're doing that we're announcing at the meeting tonight John don't don't do that just just let me have time to think about it So as soon as the army came in they cut us off our opt-empo we had no operations going because they were afraid of us right? They wanted to homogenize everything and make everything happen the way they wanted to happen and rightfully so cuz they're gonna swing It probably won't be us right? So I go to the morning meeting the the mayor's meeting and I said Hey, I got some great news We're going to rename our camp after an army person because seal team has a greatest respect ever for the army and We love what you guys are doing here at buy-up and we think we want to honor you And people say Posi what are you talking about sit down you dumb ass? I said no no we want to do this and they said okay no problem So I go back to my guys and I say okay, let's name the camp I had the name it after an army person right and it was either oddie Murphy or my daughter who was a JROTC Cadet at UCLA Yeah, so we're gonna name the camp either oddie Murphy or my daughter who's a ROTC cadet at thing So he said okay, we're gonna name it after your daughter so we name the camp camp jennie Posi right So That was very and I can't believe I mean john coming in there and saying that and people going along with it Why would he do that? I just I never figured that out but it worked and and it was really Nice of him and nice of the command to allow that to happen because I did not deserve it I'm not Mike Montsour any of those other very courageous dudes and I wasn't dead yet So I thought that might be some bad juge of you know what I'm saying Yeah, it was awesome I ended up spending six months at Jenny Posi in 2003 2004 and What was cool was and there's a classic picture this and I'll find it and get it posted somewhere but the You know we go out do our operations and we go out for however many hours or days would be out for And when you get back to camp there was a big sign on the camp door and it was it was a pretty Good selection for the space because we could come we could shut this big giant gate And it would just be no there'd be no one on there but us But on the you you guys made this big giant sign that's at welcome home to camp jennie Posi and It was just an awesome site when you come back no matter what happened out there You come back and see that big sign to be like all right We're good to go so that was That was that was the way it should be and it's a pretty freakin legendary situation to have It was different So how long did you end up staying there in Iraq because you ended up did you end up getting hurt something happened to you? Well when I jumped out of the truck I didn't know it at the time but I broke my back But you know I went to the army that day when we pulled into biop and I said man you guys got to give me something Because this my back is killing me and the guy says Okay, let me examine you and so he says you don't have a medical record So I got an MR E box and put medical record bill pose the here it is. Here's my medical record right and he says why I'm gonna send you back to Germany and He said no you're not you're not he says yeah you got your medical record here and I'm gonna send you back I took that medical record and I walked out of there and He was lucky I got some pills some pain pills before that so that knocked it down It wasn't you know it wasn't terribly debilitating so It worked out so Did you roll out on any ops with the boys? Oh, yeah, I got to do 30 But you know what being 56 years old of course You know Well grandpa's here He's gonna you know he he doesn't have all this teeth, but you know, but you know it's always in the sea too You know in a backup so if something happened at least we could get the squirters You know and all that and at least take care of them or if we had to You know go help those guys in a QRF situation. We were always available, you know So that was good, you know, I really enjoyed that I really appreciate them Allowing me to do that. I don't know if I'd been an asset or a deficit, you know So well I can tell you the you know the having the vehicles out there You never know when someone's gonna romp go wrong with a vehicle and to not have a good Mechanic there to ready to get those things up and running and like you said those those Homevies that we had because we got those homevies turned over up us and we showed up a couple months after you left same those things were beat down Hand me downs, you know scavenging or hand me dance. I believe they came out of more Marine Corps some of them were Seat we got some from some CB somewhere We got some somewhere service somewhere canvas doors. I mean they were a total disaster But you guys got them up and run and then we kept we know we kept working on them and We know what was awesome was it didn't take very long Like you said the seal teams not only do we not have vehicles But prior to this we didn't have any vehicle procedures either we didn't know anything We just we would we actually thought that vehicles It was kind of a joke in the seal teams if you got inserted by a vehicle We'd call it a he-lo truck right meaning hey, we're just pretending this is a helicopter We don't really have one we didn't realize like this is gonna be our primary mode of transportation is gonna be the home V not even the D p v's or any of these high speed vehicles for a solid three years there in the middle It was a home v and that was it. That's what you were getting and not up armor. Oh, yeah, yeah Not up armor at least not in the beginning No, not in the beginning and we ended up doing mad max kind of things We'd end up with finding the the bullet proof steel eventually we put that on various parts of the home v to try and protect you as much You're good. Yeah, the first few months. We were there We we had turned the seats in the home v's to face outboard So that our our our body armor would be faced not word and we could sit there and scan But I mean it was because we took the canvas door to what the good scan was gonna do Not gonna do any good at all So we we did what we could but we but what was really impressive not only do we get the vehicles up to speed and then we were doing all like the NASCAR drills of Figuring on how to change tires really quick and it's rigging for toe all those things we rigged all that stuff up all the navigation systems Which we got from this the civilian sector of you know just taking a GPS and coupling it with a Portable computer and so we'd have the live feed GPS going in there It's all stuff that we just figured out and then all the actual immediate action drills We did all that within a very short period of time Because and it's one of the one of the strong points of the seal teams and one of the weak points of the seal teams One of the weak points of the seal teams is we didn't really have any standard operating procedures for a lot of things There's no manual like in the army you can pick up a manual and it will show you how to conduct a raid You can pick up a manual can show you how to conduct a reconnaissance it can show you how to conduct an immediate action drill in the city In the urban environment in the rural environment You can pick up manual to find all those things and in the suitings we didn't have that it was all passed down Word of mouth over years and so you couldn't just pick up a manual and say oh, refer to the manual on this That's a disadvantage because it's nice to have somewhere to start from But it's an advantage because our minds are very flexible and very good at problem solving and that turns out to be Advantages when you get tasked with a mission that there is no manual for and that's where you're able to do We've working out of vehicles and we ended up being extremely proficient in vehicle operations very shortly after we started doing them for the first time Pretty that's one of the best things about the seal teams open minds and flexibility You know and I I From my Perspective it's more than that that the guys that go into seal team and It's it's got a good point since bad points just like you said commander But there are different breed of people and I I really believe that that they can make things happen I mean guys you just come out of the blue and say yeah, we're gonna do this and we have this process and it's a legitimate process and It works. I mean what a gift from God, you know It's a gift from God the way a lot of seal teams Sociality they're weird, but you put him in the battle situation. Am I not right? You're right socially. There's weird as a day as long. Yeah. Oh, he's coming I I give an example that We had a metal of honor winner well before he was metal of honor The team bar was the trade wins and to go the trade wins at 430 Get-knoth work and he's see you'd walk in the door and he had to screen in front of the door You'd walk in the door see this one guy sitting at the bar you would immediately go down it around the screen go out Because you know there is gonna be a fight in like 15 minutes, right? And the guy turned out to be a metal of honor winner But I mean That's the beauty of the team is that we allow people like that to go in and prosper and Contribute to the to the effort. I mean that's the beauty What a wonderful thing give from God Yeah So you when you got back home from that deployment what came next? Well, can I just go a lot? Oh, yeah, I'm gonna talk about the charity for if you would Yeah, that's right the charity you ran in Baghdad. I want to talk about that so I Always like to support The chaplains because they did a lot of good things for a lot of people, right? And so I would go talk to the chaplain he happened to be a Catholic chaplain and I said Father what what can we what can we do for you? How can we help you? He said man we got this we got this orphanage is Christian orphanage run by German nuns They had three German nuns in Baghdad and they're constantly being ranked by the locals Especially since the war started and we could use a little help on that I said what do you need he says well, they really need money? I said really they need money and so I went to I went to the morning mayors meeting we had a morning morning mayors meeting at 10 o'clock and it was every unit on Buy-op sent a representative and we would all help each other the most help they ever gave me is When the grom needed gasoline because everything else didn't need gasoline I got gasoline for the grom. I was able to trade to the grom and Then I needed a pair of quadruple E size nine boots now who in God's name? Takes a brand new pair of triple or quadruple E size nine boots some guy Defoliate at his boot, right and I was able to do that to get that but I was really happy about that but that cost me some big big things to do that so I Say okay, I go to the mornings the mayors morning meeting and I said okay after the meeting They say anybody can talk right after the mayor. I said okay There's 44 seals here in buy-op and we want to challenge the army in a contest Anybody's looking at me? Pussy sit down you dumb ass Okay, you're stupid. I said yeah, we're gonna we're gonna kick your ass Okay, I said we're raising money for this Catholic charity Downtown buy-up and we will us 44 guys I think there was 12,000 guys at the base there is gonna outraze the United States Army Few Marine guys, okay We're gonna we're gonna outrage you because these people need money And they you dumb ass and I said we're gonna call it and I don't I'm gonna just say the guys first name John T. I want to say his last name and I had this jar in my hand this big cookie jar like this Clear cookie jar and I had his picture on the front of it with this big lettery the John T. Blank Orphan's fun and so I and I had a hole in it where they could stick money, right? So people after the meeting says you know my father was an anavie don't let anybody see me put money in this jar But I'm gonna put money in this jar and we're gonna get more money for you and I said fine So I go to back and I tell our guys I said we're in this we're doing this charity thing and we named it after our army Ranger John T and He comes up and he says, Posi are you out of your mind? He says I don't I don't help orphans. I make or I said you just you just relax big boy. I'm gonna I'm gonna take care of this right so We did this for I think 45 days and I would taunt them every morning Mayors morning meeting I would taunt them. Oh seal team now has 10,000 a rocky den R What are you guys doing you know what where's the army at and the army rep when we got 300 and so I would taunt them every money and the people just I mean They would I would drive my humv down by op and they'd wave at me and come and give me a handful of money American dollars, but mainly a rocky den R and So finally we ended up with six boxes of money six Medium or small boxes of money and then we went to the the nunnery and delivered this money So we were afraid that by doing that that we would draw the attention of the rackies that they would come and Raid these poor nuns and kill them and do whatever for this money because it was I mean I don't know how much money we had but we had a ton of money and so they Commander their seal team says okay here's what we're gonna do we're gonna do a raid on this Nunary and we're gonna be very ugly to them when we go in and we go out So that we can protect them, you know, we're gonna act like we're gonna hook them and the kids up and so we did that and so I go knock on the door and I talk to this kid and I said I want to deliver something to the nuns and so He let me in and I go talk to the nice sister. We have this she barely spoke English We have money for you Where would you like it and she says oh you can just put her on this little card table they had right there So I mentioned to my guys in the Humvee to come in and we were doing TOT because we were really worried about Spending too much time there that it was a social call and not you know some kind of a bad call And so my guys coming in and they're banging on the door with their gun butts and just being ugly when they go We're gonna get you what you did, you know They were really good and he's break these six boxes of money and I said But that time it was very difficult to find cardboard boxes at buy up it was impossible and I wanted my box is back I said where do you want she says right there? So we start dumping these boxes of money And it was a stack about two feet tall and it's going all over the floor she looks at me and said who are you guys? I said well, I don't know where the army right? So I said we have we're doing this. She said well, why don't you sit down and have lunch with us? We're gonna have lunch and we have Pepsi Cola and I said sister We're gonna get be out of here in 30 seconds. We just have to make this look ugly because we don't want them to come and And give you a bad time and and steal this money from me. She says we understand So we're banging our way out, you know, and they're pointing the guns of the nunnery and this whole thing and so we just Exfield and so That I heard later on that that was really good for him because they were really having a hard time financially You know a feeding I think they had 60 kids there So it was really good and it was really good because the army really supported us. That's awesome That's where the bulk of the money came from obviously and it was really wonderful that they did that so more power to them And it's also wonderful that the press didn't pick up any pictures of a young seal holding this weapon aimed at some Mom That's a five-edited happen. We would do too great with the press I know I made her stay in the house and the kid walked me out God because I we were trying to be very cognizant of that You know, but we didn't want to leave a trail that they would have problems for sure If it looked like they were helping coalition forces that's a deathson. That's right right so Good tack that worked out so So eventually you though you end up in as you did 30 combat operations You saved a bunch of orphans I mean this is just bill posed the on the rampage you've supplied the whole seal teams with everything they needed We're in a thousand homies But but you got to a point where you were too banged up and and you know my funding ran out So I was on reserve funding on non-active duty my funding I was on active duty, but the funding from the reserves was pain me and so then they told me to come back out and so Oh, I thought you got injured you came home because you heard now, but I was hurt, but it didn't bother me I mean the bottom I don't know for whatever reason the bottoms my feet were killing me, but that you know what can you do? You know You got to do what you got to do so you know that was really a good thing and then they sent me This is really funny well, maybe it's enough money that I come back and I This Admiral calls me and he says posey No, it wasn't it was an army I mean a Navy captain Your funding's ran out you have to go home And I said what do you mean I have to go home? I'm I'm hurt I got to get fixed you got to fix me. He says no no I'm giving you a direct order you have to You have to disengage yourself and So This was this when you got back to the states. Yes, it's got back to the states you're being dubbed now you're being dubbed up and you're like hey I need to get some medical treatment before I so I look like Chester I'm going and get one of these right and I said you guys got a fix me And so he says no I'm giving you direct order you have to report in to the Exfield tomorrow and get out and I said okay So I go of course a worn officer I mean Not that we're brilliant, but we know how the Navy works We know how the whole thing works and there's chapter and verse on any given situation So I go to the instruction you know 1 0 0 3 3 1 and I look at it and I pull the instruction out and I Talk to the captain the next day and I said captain Did you know about instruction 1 0 0 3 1 and he says no I don't but I don't care what it is You will report to this afternoon at 12. I said no I won't I'm not being the restory, Sir I talked to my command They stand behind me and that you guys have to fix me and you can't send me home And he says we'll we'll see about that so I Immediately I left there and I went to talk to my congressman Who I knew because I was doing things and I said you know I'm not being really respectful I love the Navy. I'm not disrespectful. I'm not that kind of guy. I'm not a you know Seaboard lawyer but you have to fix me and I was at the clinic every day and I knew all these kids that there are mustard now I mean an E3 Marine Corps guy mustering out there send in him home and he can't even walk I mean he can't do anything right and they send I think 60 of those people home and so I go to my congressman. I said sir you got to help me I mean this is not right what they're doing to all these kids I can get along I can make it happen right because I can go to the VA or whatever But it's not right what you're doing to these kids So he calls the admiral and they strained it out So I'm in six months of rehab and I went to the clinic there that we have in the seal team And they really helped me so I was really happy about what was going on there and you know then My time was up and I went home so it was good What did you do when you went home? I started flipping houses again So I'm good at carpentry and that kind of stuff and flipping houses and then I moved to Texas and I worked for the I was working an oil field for a while as a service Component of the oil field and then I got the job teaching school How's you end up in the job teaching school? What major decided to do that? Because I couldn't do the oil field job my back. I didn't know my back was broken right? I didn't know I was just having all these back problems and feet problems and I thought it was just old age Of course we all get old right. I mean you guys are even feeling it 25 26 Okay But you know and so I had to quit that oil field job and And I found this teaching job through this part of our church has his high school and so the guy calls me in and he says You know you'd ever taught before and you only have a college degree, but you don't have a teacher credential you know, but Maybe we can help you so they hired me. I was lucky enough to they hired me and so that was really for the last eight years Been a really good gig for me My objective there is to have Those kids not make the same mistakes that I've made. I've made a lot of mistakes in my life You know and I did a lot of stupid things So what's subject to you teach? History government economics and art and Bible But it's a wide range. Yeah, but it's a you know, it's a small school so you do everything You know, we only have like 175 kids in rural in the high school How do you seeing are you getting feedback from kids that graduated four years ago six years ago? years ago that you had an impact on Yeah Yeah, I think so. I mean they tell me you know, we really loved your class whatever Because I tell you know the problem at least my perception I'm probably speaking out of turn, but the problem is they treat the kids like kids You know how many in world war two even in Vietnam You had these guys. They were 16 and 17 years old You know going to the war. I mean in world war two full geod Go on under the war right going to the war You know against the German super power and we say these kids are kids when they're 18 years old They're not kids they're adults Don't baby him so I try not to baby now. I just give it to him straight. You know this is this is what's really happening You know think you know my objective read right be able to present your stealth Uh Think and then act. I mean if you can think you're dangerous Right? You're dangerous you're full on dangerous Because I don't think a lot of the schools now want you to think it's not a good thing And then what you also apparently now you're you have your own radio show I do So what's that all about how can we listen to that? Oh, yeah, I don't think you want to Commander I just have this little we do we talk politics every morning from 630 to 7 on 95.9 on no radio Victoria Texas and We talk about things that are going on and especially things that are going on on the Republican party and How we can you know fight back from what we think has Not been well for us in the past here especially the past couple years and how old are you right now? I'm gonna be 75 and six months. Is there any Part of your brain that thinks maybe you're gonna you know retire and sit on the front porch and Drink coffee in the morning and watch the grass grow you know the problem is I really hate old people I hate old people and I don't want to be associated I don't want to talk to him. I don't want to do anything with old people So I really find it you know when you're kid and you have every possibility in the world out there Every possibility that you can do anything you want right you can do whatever you want What a wonderful time in life right instead of some 70 oh my back my side I mean they all want to talk about their operations. I don't give a rats ass about their operations right I don't care So I like dealing with interfacing with the kids and you know trying to give it you know I don't think it's a Not in doctor well maybe it is in doctor nation But I'm really big on the constitution the declaration of independence of the things that your grandfather my father Your great grandfather did for America. I mean let's honor those people. I mean especially like Memorial day today. Let's honor those folks and Thank them for all the wonderful things and allowing it's to have the wonderful things that we have in this nation You know so that's my objective you know teaching school. I am slowing down COVID Was really Mentally hard on me and so I hope I don't lose my mind here in the next three years because I hope to teach for the next three years Well, tell you what that's a freaking about as good of a closing as we could ever hope for here echo you got anything Usually if you have a listen well you've listened to podcast so echo you know speaking you're talking about some weird social things Sometimes echo throws out some weird social questions right now. We don't know what's coming up the actually More for clarity than anything back to Apollo 12. What's your job there? Well like what was you? I was the first man out the door so I would hook the slow down parachute to the side and then we would put the capsule the color around the capsule then our decontamination because we thought there was moonbooks The decontamination rafts would be inflated put it on the side we'd hope the decontamination man would open the door and Put the astronauts in the rafts and then they would go up in the in the helicopter just just to go a little bit further I think I got to take it back one step so you remember you seen the the the capsule splashing down into the ocean the capsule from the from from the rock it yeah like it goes to the moon whatever it goes up into space And then to get back it just splashes down in the middle of the ocean So somebody's got to go recover that capsule get those astronauts out. Yeah, that's someone UDT That's someone built-in hot first guy out the door of the helicopter of the helicopter So the helicopter and actually if you go to the USS midway They have one of those helicopters. Three helicopter that's the helicopter Wait, that's your helicopter. That's you want? Yes, sir the 12. Yes, sir. And they got a little Freddy the frog on there ready to get some comments a peek Carolyn each he paid a that Yeah, I started to gather that but yeah, I want to make sure that's the see people who live through a Apollo just think everybody knows about it. I apologize for that be clear now. Oh good seem pretty exciting though I'm a billion people watching it Oh, and there he is and out the door first Bill Posey from lingwood california in full color from Wow who was highly selected highly selected There were rigorous program to get there making a full of myself because I can't find a D-rig Well, sir awesome. I really can't thank you enough for for coming on And obviously for your service to the country to the navy to the teams you know it was it was you guys that that formed our UDTs coming up through Vietnam and then you kept that thread going and you brought it all the way to Iraq to camp Jenny Posey for us Thanks for everything. Thanks for thanks for helping our legacy exist. No, no let's not let's put the credit where credits to I worked at group one that oversees all the west coast seal teams and I would deal with seal team three all the time and I would work with You Lieutenant Commander and it was really great working with three I really enjoyed working with three because we could really get things done and Thanks for the leadership and everything that you did over there you're an inspiration to us all and Even though you've written these books and I don't know if you remember there's or not you wrote something Just before I got out and it was really inspiring what you wrote and I wrote you back and I said Man, this is a great piece you ought to be an author so you know give credit where credits do guys like you that grind it Right down to the fine dust and that you can make things happen. Thank you for your service Yeah, well we wouldn't have been able to do anything without the legacy that you guys put forward for us So teamwork and the team. Amen until the end. Hey everyone. Thank you sir. Hi And with that War and Officer Bill Posey has left the building Some good stuff Man about how to Be a good frog man and how to be a good human A guy that's Been in the game and stayed in the game right stayed in the game 56 years old row and now on ops get It's funny to hear like everyone else or everyone's take on things you know you have various guests and they're different take some things and like his take on it was kind of like For lack of better way of putting it like it was just just kind of easy like it was just one big ride that he was on kind of thing He was like oh Imagine showing up to buds which used to be called UDD UDT trout Replacement training replacement Do you imagine you show up and you think you you'd go do I need a book back because yeah To a free-get education on this school and you're actually entering what's allegedly the toughest military training You like whatever yeah, what like I served and I played waterpull bring it what you got what are we doing You're gonna get wet be cold cool Watch this I'm gonna sleep for 15 minutes in the front of the boat. I'll be good when I'm done right Roger that What are we going to nom cool? What are you doing be treecons? Roger that oh we're going on patrols getting in a swift boat getting shot up hide behind a piece of freaking body armor cool I'm down what Apollo Okay cool what are gonna do hook the beiner in like he's just getting it But it all time yeah, I think well, there's a lot of my favorite points of that But when last I'm about retirees like I don't like old people What a freaking epic answer 75 years old Whatever he's like what? No, I got stuff I'm gonna do I'm out here making stuff happen. I started a radio program by the way It's gonna true when he's talking about the Like old people talk about their operations. Yeah, he's not talking about his operation He's talking about going I rack He said one one little thing that he said that stood out to me when he was like oh, yeah They throw you over the over the deck or whatever in the water and to see if you're clustered Oh, yeah, the casual way that he said that was like oh, they just want to see if he's clustered You know what the suit that he's talking about I'm assuming it's the old school with that big ass Man like 20,000 weeks into the sea scenario You don't know say a clustered phobic uh in the bottom of the Bay Yeah, that seems like a way bigger deal than his tone was when he said it seems like not a lot of stuff was a big deal He was just jumping out of helicopters hooking in Apollo 12 going on patrol with with 30 Oh, by the way dropping danger close napa and then they pull up that luckily happen to be there as you were about to get overrun Whatever yeah Rolling up to Baghdad landing a jumping out of a frequency 130 that's going down a highway Well, he's talking about no factor he was like oh, yeah, I've been this out of the water Just part of the ride he was on really Yeah, man, it's so freaking awesome Camp Jenny Posey I can't I don't know if I can relay that enough what that What that name had to be to it was this moment in time right that can never be recaptured Camp Jenny Posey that's crazy like everyone that was at Camp Jenny Posey. Oh, yeah. Oh, you're at Posey like it's a little thing You know, bro, I mean, I'm not trying to get crazy. We weren't freaking you know Wasn't the battle of a bulge but for the seals at that moment in time It's pretty freaking awesome pretty freaking awesome Camp Jenny Posey welcome home welcome home is what it said on that sign welcome home And that was Jenny Posey that was Jenny yeah, by the way for those of you that are just listening to Jenny Posey was in the room You know because she did end of graduating from arm your ROTC that she was here Laffins because I could see her she was laughing at stories and and also you're still me after which never heard all these stories You know never heard all these stories about NAMM about getting thrown over the side into the into the dam bay to walk around for half an hour By the way, that's an ignorant test That's like the witch test that's like the witch test before you in the water and if you drown Then that means you're not a witch But if you survive means you're a witch and we're gonna kill you check this out. We want to see If you're claustrophobic or if you like the water so I'm gonna throw you in the water Yeah, what happens if you're not comfortable? What are we doing then? Yeah, like you you just freaking get all wrapped up in your in your in your lines to the surface and next thing You know you got that lead boots up. Oh, we got problems Yeah, it's in problematic That's not like the safest Can we got for our do they still do no no? Dead people all over the bed can't be thrown people in the water That's that's only the bill posey freaking test This is brutal all right well So speaking of staying in the game long term, which is what we're looking to do yes How can we stay in the game longer? What will pose these dial okay? We want to keep ourselves capable capable in every way physical mental emotional spiritual Social When do we start throwing social into this part of life? Okay for don't keep that one for oh you need like you need Robust relationships you do. I'm not robust. We'll just say healthy relationships. I'm about that Either way we're in talk boxes of the physical and mental so you you want to be exercising We want to be exercising we want to be doing Gitu we want to be eating well. Here's the thing with eating well It's really hard to get all The nutrients that you need okay it's hard for oh yeah agreed Yeah, even if you have a perfect diet in real life Which no one does? It's most interesting well maybe there's some free y'know like Hollywood whatever that's up there that has like the personal chef and it has the person coming in with them You know plucking the kale from Fucking the kale from you know northern Bulgaria where it's grown without any Interference from man and then I've deemed for like you know like 38 points Yeah at 17 degrees Exactly so that person might have a perfect diet no but and even then but even then Unless they don't have a job all that's what I'm saying those people up in Hollywood they don't have a job Yeah, they just sit there. Yeah Don't do anything no offense to my people and Hollywood come on. Let's get real What about though you know it's really hard being on the set all day shut up Bill Polzzy was getting thrown over a boat with a freaking hard hat helmet on to wander around in the Muck that's been there for 150 years that was hard. Yeah, that's hard. Yes, for being on set no you get zero credit Yeah, it's hard to compare the do you get zero credit did Bill Polzzy get a fresh Bulgarian kale salad We didn't got out of the water Negative so even if you either go with that where we don't have a fresh Bulgarian kale salad and everything else perfect balanced meals In whatever way you're balancing them because we're all different in a lot of ways Very hard to get these that the all the nutrients that we need and want Okay good news Chocolate supplements supplement supplementation for us that was the long with the perfect diet a perfect diet or not so perfect diet Some of them tasted is gonna get you way ahead of the game keep you in the game. It's what's gonna do So what do we got and what do we have them for we got them for your joints for your mind for your body and For your muscles directly joint warfare Don't worry work for your oil super krill oil These are for your joints like okay, and this is gonna be a big deal Because if your joints failure you can be strong You can be strong you can be capable you can run everyday you're joined start failing you start bothering you Whatever good is it having a 454 big block a you got a flat tire over here exactly right rear You know what I'm saying you're not going anywhere oh yeah, or you can Redvorge in a little bit just like you can stand there and flex in the mirror, but you're not gonna real Take anybody in a jiu jitsu match. Yeah, that's for sure you got a bad wheel it's true. Absolutely, so we need to have the the the joints Up to speed. Let's see. I trust me. I know I've experienced both well what what a true testament is joint warfare There's subscribe people that subscribe Subscribe to join warfare all the time and the feedback is awesome because people realize they go oh Maybe I don't need anymore it then they go a week and a half and they're like crackheads running back So yeah subscribe hit they want to have it and they don't want to miss it all kinds of good stuff in that Also vitamin D3 yep, okay, so look maybe some of us work outside and we get enough sun and Then even then I think you still might be lacking Invite them in D3 It's a wide roll of dice. Oh, why roll the dice don't roll the dice on your vitamin D Nope get some Easy and there's teeny tiny ones you know some people and I like swallowing those big remember the old school Uh, what is it freaking amino acids or whatever remember that those big ass tourists Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's not like that teeny tiny easy money. You're good to go. Yeah, exactly Good to go also for immunity along with deep vitamin D3 is cold war In these times we're not Sometimes our immune system sometimes it needs a little attention extra attention That's it. It's a good call. It's true. We just got back from a trip And that's sometimes that's the time where you mean system gonna need a little little spot sometimes So yeah, you got to you got the cold war From juggle fuel also Protein in the form of dessert. It's called milk. Yes. Is there a meal flavor? Okay, so good So ridiculous We we you got to the month we just got done with a monster and I don't know why I asked Jamie this I got paranoid but I was like I was about to fly out and she was out there before getting everything set up and I text her I was like, hey, do we have milk out there and she's like are you serious? Of course we have milk We have pretty much Dude I was out there just just taking because they bought my so beautiful I showed up they got a refrigerator in my room. There's milk in the refrigerator Yeah, Hollywood They back oh yeah, yeah, no, no, it feels so yeah, so I get there and there's milk and then there's milk and I was just with this what I was doing I was taking like opening up the milk bottle and just drinking a little bit of milk and pouring milk and they're Enchaking it. It was so freaking good to go. It looks such a game changer You're on the road and you're you're just eating clean So legit get yourself some milk and by the way right now I've been on peanut butter the chocolate peanut butter cup for like probably a month right now and I got everything I started looking at my cupboard and I'm like thinking could it be make could it be meant could it be strawberry? Maybe a little vanilla green though and I just keep for the past month I've been grabbing that grabbing that chocolate peanut butter. It's a racist peanut butter milkshake It's that freaking good. Yep, same boat same ball studio there All right, so one of the One of our people at the mustard was thanking me for whatever reason for the Mulk the raw milk or the one the nonflavor yeah, thank you for that. I told him hey man you're welcome This won't problem for me To get that out You know Brian P. Oh you guys cool cool, but you know you welcome So that's a good that's an interesting one though so if like yeah if you don't prefer like a Flavor necessarily I mean it's kind of hard to imagine but hey man everybody's different Man got that option is there a banana thing Flavor coming up banana banana is coming a banana milk. I've obviously have you had it have you had the new no The name is there you know on the inside freaking good name not confirmed yet, but we're getting there and it should be out It's good man. It's like a banana cream scenario. Yeah, see and that's it's so really good Yeah, it's kind of ridiculous again you feel like you you feel like you're having a dessert straight up like that lately with that peanut now yesterday I did actually yesterday I had a mint yesterday I had mint which was good. It's kind of like it's essentially a cheat code It's one of those cheat codes all right we need to move on. I started to feel like wearing this weird Dange and we're all we're like yeah, you know why cuz you're imagining Drink yeah, I know I understand but so yeah, so get it for yourself how about that? Get it at jockelfuel.com and get all this stuff you can get um we have a drink too by the way of beverage When I was in Florida we at the monster we we supplied we'll say our people with the dism ago and Man so good to go so good to go and then went to wall wall down there in Florida Which is pretty freaking cool going in a wall wall Walk to the fridge there you go you can just there you go it's like a hidden wall wall Well, let's up with that cool here's the thing right now. There's people like oh we're making a healthy energy drink Bullshit You're actually lying Well, there's only one person that's making a a healthy energy drink right now us we are I guess there's only one team that's making a healthy energy drink right now There's only one team that said you know what we're not gonna put a bunch of freaking chemicals in here to preserve this that are gonna go in your body and Preserve your body in some weird way That's what you do when you die you go to a mortician and they preserve your body Yeah, they put those chemicals into the drink and say oh it's cool. It's good drink it. No, we didn't do that we pasteurize it We pasteurize this when we have to add any of those chemicals look at you know it almost I almost got What's got some some guy commented on some Social maybe a thing use like all this You know just to standard he's trying up there he me trying a pitch you know some You know some supplement same is everything else it's actually literally not the same as everything else All you have to do is look at the ingredients and you realize oh it's actually not it's unhooked close to everything else Not even close. It's a totally different ball game. Yeah, so if you're thinking that you're wrong You kind of I mean, you know, I try to get people the benefit of the doubt and you can kind of Understand because when you think about it try to exclude you exclude yourself in what what this whole Discipline go thing exclude that What's on not a part of it pretend it doesn't exist. Oh, but that the drink doesn't exist. Yeah, okay, and let's say even you don't exist He has a point That guy saying oh, it's just like everything you know it's like everyone everything else or whatever, you know like oh, yeah Just some peddling some you know whatever he has no idea. He's he's the thing is he's right Except now he's not right because you're not but everyone else kind of does that you should say so if I didn't exist as a human Yes, this guy would be correct. Was be correct. Yes, so you kind of like if he don't know he just decayed You know decayed means no, didn't know oh Oh, so if you didn't you know how you don't you know you did you got you get decayed a lot actually people don't know me they just don't know Yeah, they're just like oh look at that Yeah, just assume yeah, yeah, they just assume like everyone else like remember that time about the warrior kid book Like I'm glad or back in the day some Chimed in yeah, like so I forget who posted it, but someone posted something saying oh yeah, like um, you know Where the where kid from Wimpy to warrior the name is you win whatever and some Professor or something was like oh just another guy pedaling toxic masculinity or something like this Amazing to see some comment and it goes a Sorry all past right like didn't read it look it did it on the quote. Yeah, yeah, you know Didn't look into the whole thing and everyone just piled up on him saying hey essentially Write your decaying this guy It's not that it's like whatever my daughter's read it like that kind and he was like oh Backpilling winter, but totally decayed you Hmm, so you know it's just another decayed It's weird though that someone would make that move like like like let's face it What's a good lesson alone when you're a kid that almost everybody learns don't judge a book by its cover Almost everybody Does it learns that lesson and here's a guy that double violated that number one Looking at me and judging the book by its cover and the number two straight up judge the book by its cover Straight up literally doing that and this guy's a professor Who's you know a liberal guy because I was seeing a who is this guy? He's some super liberal guy look I got all kinds of liberal people that read the books no factor They're like oh yeah, this guy's no per mind cool just decade me yeah Twice it but even worse broke the act broke the broke the Metaphorical room and broke the straight up real literal rule broken right there for two Elz and his column right loser loser double up. Yeah, yeah, fully and yeah Being liberal or not liberal that wasn't in this case the violation it was a mean Who cares if you was a super liberal guy that read the book and was like hey I think that the way you portray XYZ I'd be like okay cool. Yeah, that's good good feedback. I need to pay attention to that So yeah, so yeah, look so for future reference You will get decayed in the future as well and this energy drink situation. He just decadious So good. Yeah, look at the the ingredients are filtered carbonated water natural flavor citric acid monk fruit extract That's the that's ingredients now look are there there are other ingredients that are like the supplement part Vitamin B12 vitamin B6 Like caffeine alpha GPC like those are real ingredients that are in there, but they're Supplemental they're good for you. Yeah, the bat where's the bat for you ingredients on here? There are no That's the way they should do like that should be the new labeling system right? What there should be two columns good for you bad for you See come a reality if it's too much reality, but that's the way it should be because people don't know People don't know that that that all those chemicals that are getting put in there they should be in the bat for you column Yeah, by the way. Yeah, kind of like cigarettes. Yeah, that'll cigarettes. They say hey you can get cancer Then they should just have one column that says this left side makes you strong right side makes you weak kills you poison you Check yeah, so yeah, all right So walla you can get the drinks at walla you can get all this stuff at vitamin shop you can get all the stuff at Joccofuel.com and also kind of important If you subscribe if you subscribe to whatever it is you want the shipping is free because we don't want you have to pay for shipping So if you subscribe shipping is free because we know that there's other Organizations out there that offer free shipping Mm-hmm, we want to make sure you have the option if you don't want to go through those big Organizations, but you still want to get free shipping. We got your covered. I mean that you've covered no factor It's a big deal meant free shipping. It's a small. It's a big deal Mm-hmm and you don't forget to take your stuff to or you don't run out you don't run the risk of running out That's a big deal to by the way take it from you. I've been there Also you can get it at or origin USA.com and also origin USA dot com you can get American made stuff Jiu Jitsu geese for sure jeans American made denim Boots I have your boots, by the way still that on my boots or your boots. There might not our boots But here's the thing I have some boots that you brought home. So those are my boots. Yes. Yeah I barely you didn't bring them today. Oh my son was trying to wear them. That's awesome Okay cool and he wanted to walk on my own your shoes literally American made shoes. Um also Yeah denim boots belt so wait. They do belt and only just wallets. Yes Belt wallets. So it's all made in America all made in America a hundred percent yeah Hundred percent without compromise. You know how hard it is when you say without compromise on the end of something Especially something like making stuff in America. That's a big bold statement Yeah because there's like a rivet for a pair of jeans and everybody's like cool. Yeah, we get rivets from China Oh good to go. Yeah cool. That's negligible. No big deal No big deal. We're not worried about those particular slave labor elements that are working in a sweatshop We're not worried about them because it's rivets and we need them. Yeah, that's the easy thing to do But we have most of the jeans made in America we look most of our stuff is made by Americans that are actually Actually Enjoying their job We got most of our parts not made by slave labor. That's kind of cool right now. It's actually not cool That's actually a good point like how you're like the rivets. They seem small. They say it's small So it's it kind of mirrors it's a well-veiled kid getting fucking big Yeah in a factory 18 hours a day. Yeah, that's cool. Yeah, go ahead get yourself those other Get yourself those other jeans Savage is man So yes, if hey look if this kind of stuff interesting you want this kind of stuff origin USA Docko also Jocquist or it's called Jocquist or so go to jocquistore.com This where you can get your disbelief with freedom shirts hats hoodies This is also this is higher quality stuff. This is not ballpark giveaway free Quality stuff. It's high quality stuff trust me. I know that too. Also got a subscription situation. You call the shirt locker So you get a new shirt every month Free shipping on that one as well the designs are more creative more fun You got to trust me on that because like if you're like hey, prove it and then like you look at it You're like oh you right, but it's too later. You don't get that shirt anymore. I will say at the master when I saw our people with some shirt locker shirts on I felt a little extra like Connected Exactly kind of a little extra cutback. We know they're like look we get we get there in the game But then when you see that you're like oh there in the game in the game in the game and looking to full support Yeah, so yes, check it out jocquistore.com If like something get something subscribe to the podcast don't forget about other podcasts that we have Jocquo unraveling with Darryl Cooper Darryl Cooper just dropped the new martyr made podcast. Yeah, no Okay, so you can you can go check that out. I Think we he and I had prep to do a podcast and Then we ended up not doing that particular one for the unraveling and then I think he just Kind of took some of that and went Went deep on it which as you know DC can go deep on some stuff So so check out jockel unraveling check out martyr made check out The grounded podcast which Deanless we got to do some recording with him and the warrior kid podcast We also have the the jockel underground dot calm so Look we don't know what's gonna happen in these platforms is the bottom line we could get Cut off for whatever reason we could get Adds imposed on us from other things that we don't necessarily want to be do have advertisements for there's all kinds of things that can happen We realize this we need to have a contingency plan. We we built the structure For a our own platform if we need to do it So if people if all the sudden things get crazy We will be standing by will be on the jockel underground dot calm if you want to help us out with that so that we never have to rely on anyone else and we don't have to have We don't have to do ad reads in The middle of a freaking podcast Right hey, we're not supposed to your tell us about what was like if you know I'm hold on a second I'm gonna talk about a new whatever right after these messages Yeah, right after these messages you can tell us what it was like no We're not doing that so if you want to help out eight dollars and 18 cents a month if you can't afford it That doesn't mean we don't want you in the game We want you in the game you can go to you can email assistance at jocconer ground.com And so we're releasing one podcast a week where we got to do a little topics that are We'll say related to but not quite The normal topic for jockel podcast some more of like an expansion more in depth So you can check out that and we also have a YouTube channel But you can subscribe to if you want to see some of the stuff a lot of these things I'm the assistant director on sure most of the good ones on the assistant director on there Maybe something not all good. Okay. All right subscribe to that YouTube channel also origin USA has a YouTube channel. You can check that out as well Also psychological warfare You didn't know what that is not on the YouTube channel But it is an album a jockel album with tracks And each track helps you get through an Individual moment of weakness that you might have we all have them from time to time Bro I had one the other day. Not yesterday day before It was yesterday yeah, day before yesterday Yeah, but you know how like Yeah, you're the one who did this where if you have a moment of weakness and you get past it You've got to punish yourself for having the moment of weakness. You got to add on what do you add like a set or a 10% 10% 40% Could be star of yourself for 14 hours But somebody got to pay for that. I'm a little shocked at you because jockel jockel cookies were good to go And I'm fasting tomorrow. What you got to pay for that and yes, so man What was the moment? I Want to skip the workout actually I want to skip it. I was into it. I warmed up You know the kind where it's like hey if I just start warming up I'm gonna be in the workout. Yeah, it was harder than that the moment of weakness was bigger and more robust than that I warmed up I did like two good sets and I was like kind of like hey I did those two solid sets right there So if I don't do the second half of this workout we kind of I can just finish these set and be done You know So I was like oh man, so I got through it. I said ah, no, I didn't I did the whole workout and then as a punishment I had to do a metcon. There you're gonna double up on the metcon today. Yeah check Right on you can get that from anywhere you get MP3s also if you want to hang something up in your wall You can go to flipsidecampus.com to code admire my brothers making all kinds of cool stuff to hang on your wall Also, I got a bunch of books. We have final spin coming final spin coming. I wrote a I wrote a book could be novel could be Could be some other format of reading of writing could be poetry with a mixture of Pros with a mixture of Transcripts of human beings talking that basically I made my own form up. Am I allowed to do that? I guess I did Story To available now for preorder if you want to get that first What does it come out kind of remember 16th is when it comes out here's the thing You know the publisher saying The publisher like well, you know you're kind of a guy that might amount we either can't sign we know now Bequest you know, yeah big question mark When I'm sure if you're people that listen to you your podcast will actually want to read some kind of a weird novel for you It's like okay cool So they're not gonna print enough and then people are gonna order it when it you know in on I'll know Number 14 through me like cool. I want to get a copy. They're gonna put the second edition and there's no this is not a Redemable situation you know you make some decisions in life you can never go back from like you get a tattoo on your forehead seem like a good idea right, but you can't go back from that Right you can't go back from that it's there now you could go get it removed then you've got a scar on your forehead either way We're not thinking that that's the the the move that we can go back from yes We can't reach hey you go out drinking and you decide you're gonna go for a drive afterwards you get a DUI There's no you don't go like hey hey officer You know what let's hit rewind you can't do that you show up I'm you know you come to the master you come to jokk alive you roll up you got that you got that Copy a final spin and you're like I'd really like to get this sign that opened it up I'm gonna sign it. I'm gonna sign it. It's like cool man I appreciate it, but then I see the second of this down there and I'm sort of knowing I'm sort of seeing where you're at you know I'm sort of seeing where we're at you know I'm sort of seeing where we're at I know that at the moment of Truth you were kind of like well And now you can't you can't walk back that decision again you can work through it right? You're still gonna go out you can wear a hat if you got the tattoo on your forehead You got the DUI you're gonna go through the classes to you can recover and get your license back You're gonna do best you can but you still got that scarlet letter Second of dish don't let it happen to you don't let it happen to you all right We got leadership strategy of tactics. We got the code the Valuation to protocol discipline who goes freedom field manual brand new versions It's been out for a little bit now way the warrior kid one two three and four Mikey in the dragons Often called the best children's book ever written Sure, there's a lot of people call it yeah, I dig it at least quite a few of them All right, great about face by hack worth and then the OG Extreme ownership of the economy leadership. We got us along front, which is my leadership consulting company We saw problems through leadership go to echelon front dot com we have EF online dot com On there we have courses on there. We have leadership courses on there We're doing live Q and A all the time if you want to improve look leadership is not an Anoculation you'll get a shot you don't read extreme ownership one time you'll go cool I'm good to go doesn't happen doesn't happen anybody You need to reinforce those learnings you need to expand your knowledge. How do you do that? EF online dot com go get it mustard we just got done with Orlando Freaking awesome we got Phoenix August 17th and 18th lost Vegas 28th and 29th check extreme ownership dot com if you want to come to that Do it quick they're selling out EF battlefield we go walk the battlefields and go through leadership lessons I'll let you know in the next one of those is coming up and if you want to help service members active and retired Their families gold star families check out Mark Lee's mom mom and Lee she has a charity organization She does all kinds of things to help veterans on a major things that she does is she gets that medical Treatments that might not be covered by the VA or by the military medical system one of big ones is hyper hyper Barric chamber sending eyes out for 30 days to get multiple iterations of that type of treatment and it's a extremely helpful for people A bunch of my friends have gotten it's been awesome if you want to help you want to donate or you want to get involved go to America's mighty warriors dot org And if you want more of my nagging narratives Or you need more of echoes vexing vocals you can find us on the inner webs on Twitter on the Graham and On that baseball Oh echo is that equitrolls I am at jockel milk and thanks once again to Bill Posi What an awesome opportunity to sit down Thank you for everything you did for America and everything you did for the teams Who y'all worn off supposedy and to the rest of our uniform personnel out there Thank you for what you do to keep us free and to our veterans Thank you for your service and sacrifice and also to our police and law enforcement our firefighters paramedics EMTs dispatchers correctional officers board a patrol secret service and all the first responders You all work hard every day every single day to keep us safe Thank you for what you do day in and day out for us And everyone else out there Remember what Bill Posi had to say Remember he said if you can think if you can think your dangerous If you can think your dangerous stay dangerous Stay dangerous age apparently Age is a number and you can go hard and you can keep going and we all have more to give so I say we step up and give it And until next time this is echo and jockel out