 This is Jockelpoccast number 323 with echo Charles and me, Jockelwillink. Good evening, I killed you. Also, joining us tonight is Jason Gardner. Good evening, Jason. Good evening. The inspiration of a noble cause involving human interests foreign-wide enables men to do things. They did not dream themselves capable of before, and which they were not capable of alone. The consciousness of belonging vitally to something beyond individuality, of being part of a personality that reaches we know not where in space and time, greatness the heart to the limits of the soul's ideal, and builds out the supreme of character. It was something like this, I think, which marked our motive, which made us strong to fight the bitter fight to the victorious end, and made us unrevengeful in that victory. We rose in soul above the things which even the declaration of independence announces the inanelable rights of human nature. For the securing of which governments are instituted among men, happiness, liberty, life, we laid on the altar of offering, or committed to the theories of destruction, while our minds were lifted up to a great thought, and our hearts swelled to its measure. We were back and on by the vision of destiny. We saw our country moving forward, charged with the sacred trust of man. We believed in its glorious career, the power of high aims, and of strong purpose, the continuity of great endeavor, the onward upward path of history to God. Every man felt that he gave himself to and belonged to something beyond time, and above place, something which could not die. These are the reasons, not fixed in the form of things, but formative of things. The reasons of the soul why we fought for the union. And this is the spirit in which having overcome the dark powers of the Nile and disintegration, having restored the people of the south to their place and privilege in the union and set on high the old flag, telling of one life and one body, one freedom and one law, over all the people and all the land between the four great waters. We now come as it were home. We look into each other's eyes. We speak in softer tones. We gather under the atmosphere of these sacred thoughts and memories, like the high pure air that shines down upon us today, flooding these fields, fields where cloud and flash and thunder roll of battle and shrouded us, and them in that great three days burial to celebrate this resurrection, to rear on these far away field memorials of familiar names, and to honor the state whose honor it was to rear such manhood. And those are remarks that were delivered on October 3rd, 1889 by General Joshua Chamberlain, who, with the 20th main, led the defense of the left flank of the Union Army on a hill known as Little Round Top, during the Battle of Gettysburg. And Joshua Chamberlain was in incredible soldier, an incredible leader, a warrior, a scholar, a thinker. He's most well known for his deeds as a military leader. You receive the Medal of Honor for his heroic leadership there in Gettysburg. That was only part of his life. He served, certainly four years in the Army. But during that time, he participated in some of the fiercest fighting of the war. Over 20 engagements, including Frederick's bird, Chancellor's field Gettysburg, Spotsilvania, Cold Harbor, Peter's Burg, and five forks, he was wounded six times during battle. Two of those times nearly fatal. He was chosen by Grant to receive the first flag of surrender at the Apomotics Court House on April 12, 1865. Then went on to be elected governor of Maine four times served as President of Bowden College. He was a lawyer, he was a real estate developer. At the age of 70, even though his health had been severely impacted by his war wounds, he volunteered to lead troops in the Spanish American War. He was denied by the Secretary of War. He wrote a book called Bayonet Forward, my Civil War, Reminiscences. We're going to cover it today. Jason and I have had the privilege of walking the battlefield of Gettysburg. We do an event at Eschner Front called EF battlefield. And during that event, we look at all the different leaders. And there's a bunch of different leaders. And with a bunch of different personalities, the good, the bad, the ugly, we have mead and lee, we got Beaufort and Long Street, Hancock and you all, cycles and steward, and every one of those people. And there's many more that we discuss there on the battlefield. There are complex people in a complex situation making complex leadership decisions. Some write, some wrong, some insignificant, some completely consequential. But for me, the one individual that stands out from all those leaders is Joshua Chamberlain, with so many lessons to learn. And we're going to explore some of those today as we go through some highlights of his book. Does anyone stand out more than Joshua Chamberlain when you go to Gettysburg? And they all stand out, mead stands out, lee stands out, long street, but they all have these dynamic moments, good and bad. But as far as just overall, when you look at the whole thing together, just from Gettysburg, Chamberlain is he stands out in an epic way. The whole experience of being on that battlefield is almost impossible to put into words. Because there's more to it. It's not like we're in a classroom and we're learning about the history of stuff. There's something that I can't explain that you feel when you're there. And he touched on this in a speech that he gave later and I was like, oh, okay. What he said was, in great deed, something abides, on great field, something stays. Forms change in past, bodies disappear, but spirits linger to consecrate the ground for the vision place of souls. And reverent men and women from afar and generations that know us not and that we know not of heart drawn to see where and by whom great things were suffered and done for them. She'll come to this deathless field to ponder and dream and low. The shadow of a mighty presence shall wrap them in its bosom and the power of the vision pass into their souls. And that's what it's like, you're there and you're feel like you're part of something that's bigger than you and the it's just it's it's an immensely. Yeah, I'll say it's a life changing experience to go to that battlefield as an American. Yeah, there's there's something spiritual that goes down for lack of a better word. I don't know what other word to use. I'm not even 100% sure I know what the word spiritual means. I think that's the best. I don't know what else to say when when you when you walk on that battlefield and when you know what happened and when you know the cost and when you know what the consequences were were we're going to be to win or lose there. That everything that we have and the course of history is we know it and the course of free people in the world like it all is there in this one little area where. Thousands of of of men stood toe to toe sometimes literally against their relatives and you know you when we walked that battlefield we point that out certain. Battles where there's literally relatives fighting against each other and just to know the course of human history and and that that point in time and how important it was it's it is it's like a spiritual thing to be there. Possibly the most device decisive battle of the civil war. Because of things that gone the other way. You know what have affected the election and and and and when you actually walk there and you see that things were literally held by a thread. Yeah, I mean case and point the 20th main and the left length of the union army attack after attack after attack and we'll get to it. All right, I'm going to go to the book going to the battle of Frederick's bird as a Virginia December 11th through the 15th 1862. By the way, I didn't check on the weather, but December 1862 this was crazy. So we make boots right at origin the they they the boots that these guys wore were boots called single last boots. And what that means is they don't have a left foot in the right foot. There's just one shape for the boots and it's a wooden soul. So it's a piece of wood with leather attached to it and you get a left and a right is the same. That's like the comfort level that these dudes are in. It's a freaking nightmare. Here we go. So we were held and reserved. It may be thought that we were glad to be kept out of the fight at least for the present. But I take a occasion to say that informing for a great fight. It is not regarded as a very special favor to be held and reserved. The holding is most likely not for long. And it holds itself a peculiar stress and strain, waiting and watching intent and anxious. Sturd by the pulse of manhood and the contagion of comradeship. Conscious of the strength to help but forbidden to strike. All this wears sorely on every generous spirit. This guy is such a freaking incredible writer. It's mind boggling. But that is such a great thing. And as I was reading, I was like this is the first thing I'm going to read in this book. Because only if you've been sitting on the battlefield when there's something happening and you can't do anything or you're being held, quote, in reserve. And you know what it feels like to be like, I want to go help but I can't. And my what did you say? My manhood wants to go help but I can't. But then he gets this. Then he says this. And that other not unmanly impulse. If the worst is coming, let us meet it. May have its part two in the drama. It is really less trying to go in first and deliver your blow in the flush of spirit and strength with the feeling that if the worst comes, you will be reinforced or relieved. Then to be held back till some dire disaster calls when the life and death grapple clinches and you must recover lost ground or die trying. That's another crazy thing. Like when you're the reserves, hey, if everything goes good, you're not doing anything. And if everything goes bad, you're going to go jump into this freaking mayhem and get some the worst place. Yeah, the worst possible place. Or on the other hand, you can be called to advance in triumph over a field already carried something then is lacking to the manly sense of service rendered according to strength. So this reserve for him is a lose lose situation. You're the good and called into a freaking blood bath. In which case this is going to be horrible and you didn't have the chance to strike when you were like ready to rock and roll. Or they're going to win and you know, you just get to roll in there and be like, well, you guys did a good job high five. That's got to be an uncomfortable feeling. It says, Um, this is this is good or bad, depending on your reserve state of mind. We could plainly see the fear struggle of our second and nine core lines. First, steadily moving forward in perfect order and array, the flag high, poised and leading, checked and broken somewhat on each successive rise under the first range of shot and shell. No musket replying this for this would have been worse than useless, but bright bayonets fixed. Ready at the final reach to sweep like a sharp wave crest over the enemies rock like barrier. So he's watching this unfold and you can see the you can see the soldiers kind of coming up out of the rise of, you know, coming up on a little, a little null and then sinking back down and they're watching this. He says right on. Then reaching the last slope before and beneath the death delivering stone wall suddenly allumed by a sheet of flame and in an instant, the whole line sinking as if swallowed up in the earth, the bright flags, quenched and gloom and only a arriving mass marking that high tide, halt of utter most manhood and supreme endeavor. So these guys march up to that wall and then you know, however many Confederate soldiers just engage and the blast of those rounds at close range and it just immediately stops them. Then a slow back flowing with despairing effort here and there to bear back broken bodies of the brave glorified by the baptism of blood. I'm just going to go through all some little I got to go English major here for a minute, but that a little relation right there. That a little relation there to bear back broken bodies of the brave glorified by the baptism of blood. This guy gets a applause on that good war. Freaking incredible again and again the bold essay repeated by other troops with similar experience and thickening ridges of the fallen marking the desperate essays. There we stood for an hour witnessing five immortal charges tears ran down the cheeks of stern man waiting almost wishing, wishing to be summoned to the same futile glorious work. So there's these guys standing up in reserve watching five charges watching guys get moat down their crying as they're watching their friends get killed and wishing to be called in to do their duty. Just to get it over with. Yeah. Yeah. If you're standing in line to go into a meet grinder, you want to be the first one or like 30 back watching it come slow. Good grief. Now came the call for the reserves. Burnside despairing of the left and seeing the heroic value on the right at last exhausted in unavailing sacrifice ordered in the fifth core griffin's division to lead. First came the silent departure of our first and second brigades whose courage our eyes could not follow. We waited in expectation not in fear for that has little place in manhood when love and duty summoned but eager to do our best and make the finish. Few words were spoken among officers however endeared to each other by confidence is deepened by such pressure of life on the borders of death as war compels. The sense of responsibility silenced all else. Silence in the ranks too. One little word perhaps telling whom to right to. Griffin gave us a searching, wistful look, not trusting his lips and we not needing more. Now rang forth the thrilling bugle cry. Third brigade to the front. I don't know man. I don't know if I have any comments. You know like this guy is such an incredible writer and the way he conveys this it just doesn't need anything else. The story about this night was what really I highlighted on this battle and struck me. When they eventually have to hold up for the night. First comes the charge. We were directed straight forward toward the left of the futile advance we had seen so fearfully cut down. The fences sued compelled us to send our horses back. The artillery fire made havoc. Crushed bodies, severed limbs where everywhere around in streets, door yards and gardens. Our man began to fall and were taken up by the faithful surgeons and hospital attendance who also bring courage to their work. Now we reach the lines we were to pass for the further goal. We picked our way of mid-body's thickly strewn. Some stark and cold, some silent with slowly ebbling life, some sharp agony that must have voice though unavailing. Some prone from sheer exhaustion or by final order of hopeless commander. The living from their close clung blism of the earth strove to dissuade us. It's no use boys, we've tried that. Nothing living can stand there. It's only for the dead. On we pushed up slope slippery with blood, mire with repeated unavailing tread. We reached that final crest before that all commanding counter-manting stone wall. Here we exchange fierce valleys at every disadvantage until the muzzle flame deepened the sunset red and all is dark. We step back a little behind the shelter in this four-long, foremost crest and sank to silence. Perhaps, such as human weakness, to sleep. So as they're marching on this assault where they've watched five charges fail, as they're stepping over bodies and limbs. And guys, some laying quietly, dying and some screaming out and agony. And some laying wounded are looking up at them and saying, stop, it's no use. Don't go, we already tried it. And they press on. And they basically get into a gunfight at that wall and then it gets dark. And this is the part that you're talking about. It was a cold night, bitter, raw north wind, swept, start slopes. The man heated by their energetic and exciting work. felt keenly the chilling change. I rose at midnight as we advanced over that strict and fueled the grave, conglomerate monotone resolved itself into its diverse several elements, some breathing in articulate agony, some deer home names, some begging for a drop of water, some caring for some for a caring word, some praying God for strength to bear some for life, some for quick death. We did what we could. But how little it was on a field so boundless for a feeble human reach. So they're just up there laid up sleeping with with the dead and the dying. By the way, I'm not reading this whole book. You know, we're talking earlier on. I said, hey, it's going to be hard. It was hard for me to pick out like, what am I going to read? Because you literally this book, you could just read the entire thing. Just do the audio book. I could just do that and just call it just be like, I'm just going to read this whole thing. And maybe I will do that. This is a plot. This is, there's no way this is being protected by copyright or anything like that. It's too old. So I may be able to do a audio book. Yeah, I'm not there as well. My dad just tried to get a copy of it. It wasn't readily available yet to get it like from an outside cell on Amazon. Oh, the book itself. This one, yeah. Yeah, it will be reprinted now, which is awesome. But may I have to just go straight, audio book on this thing. It's off to you because there are some words in here. I'm not used to. Yeah. It's not that bad. There's worse. He's, he, even though they're definitely, I think there's definitely words that are challenging, but it still, he speaks pretty plainly. You know, I mean, compared to some stuff from back in the day, this is really back in the day, echo Charles. He's a plain speaker, but man, it's funny. I never picked up on that a little relation. He's, I didn't pick it up up on it because I haven't been reading it out loud. So you start reading out loud. That a little relation. Have you ever read the shameless, Haney version of bailwolf? No. Okay. So bailwolf, the way it's written in, what is it, old English? Um, gotta hope I got that right. Yeah, it's old English. It's written the way that they wrote it's written with a literation. So all the sounds are fought for you and Tida, but Tida, Tida, it's like the same vowels, right? Yeah. And so when Shameh is Haney did the translation into modern English, he managed to find words to make the whole thing have that same a literation throughout the book. It's, it's powerful. That guy's got to be a wizard. Oh, yeah. He's, he seems super smart. I think he's like one of the most recognized. Is, you know, there's that thing people do where they like, hey, what's the one person that you'd like to have dinner with? Data relies to fill out those questions. Definitely you could sit for hours with Joshua. Yeah. Just listen to him talk because it's, it's like, it took me a second. I was like, getting a cold swimming pool to get used to it. And then once I was used to it, I was like, gosh, I really like the way that he speaks. Yeah. And, and then you know, sometimes I would be saying like, text Iris, like, I'm going to endeavor to get the kids ready for school. And then my efforts will be pointed towards ensuring that the horses are fed. Yeah. Oh, he's, and maybe it can cause this stuff. It's awesome. Yep. Um, the, the, so these guys are up there all night. It's, it's a, it's a horror show. It's a horror show. Um, no big deal. Just sleep it on dead guys. Fast forward a little bit. Waken by the sharp fire. Soon came a storm of bullets from the front and flanked to route us from our light shelter in the hollow between the two outermost crests of the manifold assault. Not so, this, not sufficing. The artillery took up the task trying to rain down Shell upon us and sweep Solid shot through our huddled group. We had to lie flat on the earth. And only by careful twisting could any man load and fire is musket against the covered line in the front. Before long, we saw two or three hundred of the enemy creep out from the right of their stone wall and take advantage of a gully bank where the ground fell away from our left to get a full flank fire on us. This situation was critical. We took a warrant of supreme necessity. We laid up a breastwork of dead bodies to cover that exposed flank. Behind this, we managed to live through the day. No man could stand up and not be laid down again hard. I saw a man lift his head by the prop of his hands and forearms and catch a bullet in the middle of his forehead. Such recklessness was forbidden. We laid there all day, hearing the dismal thud of the bullets into the dead flesh of our life-saving bulwarks. No relief could dare to reach us. Reinforcements, we did not wish. So they get flanked and they have to build a wall of their dead friends to protect them. Fast forward a little bit. They get ordered back to Fredrick'sburg. Night came again and made way of it the order to remove and take a respect within the city. We had to pick our way over a field strewn with incongruous ruin. Men torn and broken and cut to pieces in every indescribable way. Canon dismounted, guncarriages smashed or overturned ammunition chests flung wildly about horses dead and half dead, still held in harness, accutraments of every sort scattered as by whirlwinds. It was not good for the nerves that ghastly march in the lowering night. Just after midnight of this miserable day, we were summoned three regiments of us to set forth on some special service. We knew not what or where, something very serious we must believe. We were bound for the extreme front to form a picket line to cover the center of the field while the army was to take a look at the ground. The army was to take some important action. Colonel Ames commanded our line, the regiment coming under my charge. The last order came in low tones. Hold this ground at all hazards and to the last. A strange query crossed our minds last of what? No dictionary held that definition. As a general term, this reached the infinite. We were pretty well buried and braced for the coming dawn when a strange clatter came up from the left rear and a gasping voice called, Where is the commander of these troops? I acknowledge that responsibility. Get yourselves out of this quick as God will let you. The whole army is across the river was the message. Her no doubt by the whole hostile picket line. This was a critical moment. Something must be said and done quickly. Steading your places, my man, I ordered. One or two of you arrest this stamp Peter. This is a ruse of the enemy. We'll give it to them in the morning. This was spoken with no suppressed or hesitating tone but pitched for the benefit of our astonished neighbors in double darkness in our front. My man caught the keynote of my policy, trusted my discretion and held themselves quiet. Talk about badass. Quick thinking too. So he's up there, for you get with their picket line, where they're expecting this massive fight. Somebody comes up on horseback and says, hey, the entire army is across the way. Get out of here as quick as you can. Go. And he knows this guy's unimposter. And says, stay calm and cool. And says it loud enough so that the enemy can hear him. I step back to the staff officer and rebuked him severely for his rassnish pointing out to him the state of things. Vect at having to moderate even the even my stress of voice. He explained he had had such a time getting over the field on up to hit this front line. He almost lost his wits. So that was a union guy. No. Oh yes. Yes. Yeah. And he was quick enough to go, hey, arrest this enemy guy and he's like, hey, come here before. Yeah. You almost made everybody run away. I step back to the staff officer, revoked him severely for his rassnish pointing out to him. Putting out to him the state of things, vexed at having to moderate even the stress of my voice, which something that we talk about all the time is like staying calm. And that's an important thing. And even the way you speak is going to impact the other people around you and he knows that. Vect is a world that I need to use more. Yeah. Vect is a good word. One of my friends growing up. He had another friend that, I don't know, he had a adopted brother that was from like someone in the islands like Jamaica or something. And he would do something that would make his brother mad. His brother would say, you're vexing. So I think that's a good, good time for this. Good, let's, let's bring back that word. Order comes to leave. So eventually they do get, they do get the order to leave. It was a dreary retreat down those wrecked stream slopes. It was hard enough to be stumbling over torn up sawds groups of the dead or forms of the city. Or forms of the solitary dying muskets dropped with quick relax or held fast with deaths, convulsive clutch swords bay and that's cartridge boxes fragments of everything everywhere. But when a ghastly gleam of moonlight fell on the pale faces fixed and stark and on open eyes that saw not, but reflected uttermost things, it sent a shiver through us. I'm not used to fighting in the dark. Right, can you imagine this? These guys, they're completely in the dark. And we always, we'd, we'd night vision or we could put flares up or whatever. Just dark. What a mess. The potential for blue on blue and some of the stuff he talks about where he like is trying to straighten up his guys and winds up talking to a Confederate soldier about where he's taking it. It's freaking nuts, dude. It's crazy. Yeah. It's kind of, at least the other people can't see either I guess. Yeah, no one can. No one can see. Did you ever go on any of those? Did you ever go to the jungle in the night? Yeah, I went down into jungle training in Panama. Yeah, I did that too. And then basically we learned like you're not doing anything at night. You could stop. Yeah, you have to stop. And you could patrol real quiet and slow, but like once you got an eye-ad it was a total disaster. That's why the guys like the seals and nom that would patrol at night and set up an ambush. Oh, they probably pop flares. Well, I don't think they patrol very far either. No, it's true. Because you had to move so slow. Yeah. One of the Vietnam vets was telling me that they would go further than like 500 yards into the jungle on that was. And that would take like two hours through hours and typically up a canal. So they were in the water most of the way and then out a little bit. It's a little easier to move in the water. And then the moon has a big impact in the desert, but in the jungle it's a lot less of an impact. None. Because you're under triple canopies. The, um, did you go down a paranormal? Yeah, yeah. So that you got those black palms, black palms, which essentially is like why get bowed wire just just plant black palms everywhere. Black palms are a tree that are just covered in little thorns. That's a nice, not little fun. They're pretty big. And what sucks is when you're moving at night and you grab a hold of what you think is a tree to help you step over something and you Desend up with nine black palm freaking thorns in your hand. Yeah, I don't, I don't know how you can do it. You just got it. You got a stop and wait. Yeah, you got to move slow. But at least like after a while your night vision could adjust and you could be like, okay, I can we can move. But as soon as we did an eye at it night and you shooting and your night vision just out the window, that's when it was just. That's when it's complete blackness. That they had us do like three eyes at night just so we knew what it was like and what the risks were. We were doing some training for a while called the AMP training, right? And what if we go to war with someone in theerson? We don't have night vision or any of that other stuff. And so that was great because some of the Vietnam vets were contracting for us and they were talking about being able to smell the enemy. They're like, we'll walk down trails and we got our hands on the guys, Shoulder in front of us because we can't see and we don't want to risk getting lost. And then sometimes we could smell the enemy coming before they actually showed up. And the example he gave was there was a female with the Vietnamese and he could smell or shampoo. And then just start shooting, you know, it's like when you can they're that close that you're smelling them before you're seeing them. It's just crazy. He's got a section here to he says why we lost. Why the battle was lost? He says perhaps the main cause and he goes into some other details. I'm going to jump a little bit here. He says perhaps the main cause of this great disaster, the commander of the center grand division did not put his men in. They were sent by superior orders and detachments to support other commands as a foreloin hope at various times in places during the unexpected developments or rather the almost inevitable accidents of the battle. It should not have been a disaster. Franklin with his 60,000 men should have turned Lees right. Whereas he attacked with only two divisions and that one at a time and did not follow up with his whole force with their splendid initiative. This is, you know, all about prioritizing the next few. You know, you're doing a little bit trying to solve this problem, trying to solve that problem, trying to solve another problem. It's like what is our major problem? And not keeping things simple either. That's true, too. When Franklin failed, it was rationalists to expect somener to carry the formidable heights beyond the city, made him pregnant with why Lees best skill and valor. That front might have been held still under menace while somener reinforced perhaps by the main body of horker's grand division. Might have concentrated upon Lees left above the city and flank the formidable bastions crowning the heights that entrenched his front with all that earth and manhood could do. That battle was not fought according to bird and sides intention. And that his plan was mutilated by distrust and disharmony among his subordinates commanders does not exound orate him. This is going back to Napoleon, right? Look, just be, if I tell you to do something, if I tell Jason to do something, I tell Echo to do something and you guys don't like me. You don't like my plan and so you go do something else. That's not your fault, that's my fault for not fixing it and not getting you engaged in the plan and not letting accepting your input and asking what your opinion is. It is the first great trust and place of a chief commander to control reluctant and incongruous elements and to make his, and to make subordinates and opponents submit to his imperial purpose. Now I'll tell you, what's the best way to get someone to submit to your imperial purpose is by saying, hey, Jason, how do you want to assault this target? That's the best way, not by saying, hey, here's what I'm imposing upon you to do. And you can take those words the wrong way and I don't think that's how we met him. Like you can take it like, hey, you just need to impose your will, which is actually what he just said, impose your will on the imperial purpose. But I think he met them in the way that you get people to do that by getting them involved with the plan and letting them take ownership and letting, you know, you're clining that ladder of alignment. Yep, that we talk about. Yes. And look, if I say, hey, no, Jason, this is what we're doing and you're like, hey, Roger that, got it boss. I don't agree with this plan, but I'm an ex-heardt. We're good. Like you can be like, hey, there's times where you and I might disagree about something and I go, hey, listen, we don't have time to figure this out. We got to go and we got to go now. So take five vehicles and go to that north side of that build of that compound and you're like, got it. That's okay. Like we don't have time to discuss this. Now, if you were like, hey, Jockel, that's a bad call. We shouldn't do that. Now I'm starting to question myself, okay, what does he see that I don't see? What does he understand that I understand? So, can you say, listen, this is what we got to do. We got to do it now. Time is of the essence. Yes. But if you're still getting pushed back, there's a problem. You can't overly trust yourself as a leader. I've never freaking trust myself. Like, I'm always thinking, what am I not seeing? What does Jason see that I don't see? What does Echo understand that I don't understand? What perspective do they have that I don't have? Here, and here's one of the things about doing what we talk about, Getty'sburg, right? And sure I can learn a lot from the things that Chamberlain did. And Hancock and these other guys, what I really need to do is pay attention to when I'm acting like sickles and just not paying attention and pushing the line out, even though I was told not to when I'm doing that or when, you know, I'm behaving like Lee and I don't understand my subordinates perspective and I'm giving them obtuse directions. You know, and you always want to identify yourself with the heroes in any story, where the most growth is going to come from is where you go, wait, how are my like these people that really screwed this up and how can I fix that? And you will see yourself in your past. You'll be like, oh, I know when I did that. And you'll see it in your present. Like, oh, I think I'm doing that right now. And then hopefully that will prevent you from making these mistakes in the future. And truly when you walk the grounds and you start to see what they see, a saw and see what they were looking at. And then you get to walk to the other person's perspective and see, oh, what does he mean by that order? It's, it's very powerful to experience it and not just hear about it, for sure. He says, burn side attempted of vindication somewhat on these lines, but too late. He prepared an order removing from command several as high ranking, but too little subordinate generals and made ready to prefer charges against them for trial by court martial. So after this went down, he's like, oh, we're gonna fire some people. And then this, but Lincoln again interposed his common sense advice and the matter was passed over. You can see Lincoln just a badass like, hey, listen, bro. I know if you can Jason and Echo do exactly what you want him to do. Now you want to fire him, but you're the guy in charge. Quart Martialems a little more in fire. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What's really cool about his observations through this battle on some other battles is it gives you an insight to what is made the seal team so successful. What made the success was our ability to debrief stuff, basically where we take off rank, we're like, hey, what do we do right, where, what do we do wrong, what are our shortcomings? And he brings that out in this one and other ones where he just laying it out, it's like, hey, we're some of the issues like communication obviously is a huge issue. Guy is getting word of something on a dynamic battlefield that's happening as it happening, then he's giving new orders and by the time they get back and forth everything is changed. Can you imagine like someone's flanking you and then you go to tell someone, you know, hey, hey, Echo, go tell Jason that I'm getting flanked. Cool, 30 minutes later you get the word that I'm getting flanked and you say, well, you know, shift left and Echo comes back to me 30, I've already done. I'm already flanked. It's over. I either did something or I didn't do it, but the whole thing, it's so that's why the decentralized command is so important in all these battles and knowing it understated, you can tell when we get into some of these other battles like how well that worked in some situations and how you know, Chamberlain in some cases kind of decides what he's going to do based on the orders that he thinks are going to be the most effective for the situation that's going down. That's another weird thing you get to at Gettysburg, which we're about to talk about, but at Gettysburg sometimes the situation and we go into some good depths on this when we go out there, but you know, one guy takes initiative and it turns out good and everyone's clapping on the back like he's a hero. Another guy takes initiative, maybe in a little bit different manner and things go sideways and everyone calls this guy Jackass. Well, well, there's reasons for that. And once we start to talk about the differences between person A takes initiative and it's good person B takes initiative and it's bad. Oh, wait wait a second. Why was that good here and now it's bad. I actually have that leadership strategy in tactics this first between I did I like made a call even also new guy and my chiefs like, hey good job. Three puttunes later I make a call my OIC's like, bro, what are you doing? Like I didn't want to do that and you have to dissect why was it good for me to take initiative here, but bad for me to take initiative here. Oh, not because the leaders were different is because I was doing I was making wrong assessments. So. All right, get his bird through blood and fire at get his bird. By the way, yeah, I'm feeling sorry for anyone that that doesn't get this book. I'm obviously only reading chunks of it, but it's awesome. Here we go. In a moment, the whole core was marching was in marching order. Rest rations earth itself forgotten one thought to be first on that get his bird road. The iron faced veterans were transformed to boys. They insisted on starting out with the colors flying so that even the night might know what manner of men were coming to redeem the day. This is as these guys are getting more get his bird. I kind of had to had to talk about that. There's a race to little round top and again, there's more detail about the whole battle and look. We would have to read the whole book to really paint the picture of what's going on. So I don't want to get into the game or the I don't think I'm skilled enough as a human to convey the whole battlefield is unfolded. And so, if you go watch like a 20 minute video or a seven minute video on get his bird and understand the scheme maneuver you'll be able to put some of the stuff in context. But here we go. This is the race to little round top. In another instant, a staff officer from general worn rushed up to find psychs are core commander to beg him to send a brigade at least to seize little round top before the enemy's surging waves could should overwhelm it. Other supplications were in the air calling for aid everywhere are Vincent soldierly and self-reliant hearing this and treaty for round top waited word from no superior but taking the responsibility ordered us to turn and push for round top at all possible speed and dash ahead to study how best to place us. So there's some decentralized command happening. He like, here's hey, we got to take this and cool. I got it. And then goes up ahead to see, all right, once we get up there, I'm going to put the people in the right position. We broke to that right and rear found a rude log bridge over plumb run and a rough farm road leading to the base of the mountain. Here, as we could, we took to the double quick. So these guys run. Run to this position. So a little round top is a hill. It's on the left flank of the union, which has pretty much taken this ridge line to to stand and fight against the Confederate forces. So we're going to pass forward a little bit as we near the summit of the mountain, the shot raped the crest that we had kept our men below to save our heads. Although this did not wholly overt the visits of treetops and splinters of rock and iron while the boulders and cliffs and pitfalls in our path. Made them seem like the replica of the evil den across the sweetly named plumb run. And when you go to, when you go to Gettysburg, you can see this area that they call the devil's den. It's just a crazy outcroppings of rocks and trees. It's like the craziest. It looks like a paintball battle field like setup. If you've been to Disneyland, that Tom Sawyer Island where they're all the boulders and they're just full of caves. That's what it is. These guys are up above that reaching the southern face of little roundtop, I found Vincent there with an intense poison look. He said with a voice of awe as if translating the tables of the eternal law. I place you here. This is the left of the union line. You understand, you are to hold this ground at all costs. I did understand a full well, but had more to learn about costs. The regiment coming up right in front was put in a position by quite an uncommon order. On the right by file into line, both that we should thus be facing the enemy when we came to a front and also be ready to commence firing as fast as each man arrived. This is a rather slow style of formation, but this time it was needful, knowing that we had no support on the left. I dispatched a stalwart company under the level headed captain Morelle in that direction with orders to move along up the valley of our front and left between us and the eastern base of the great roundtop to keep within supporting distance of us and act as exyncies of the battle should require. So these guys are getting in position as basically as fast as they can sounds like a like a peel into position kind of. Yeah. Yeah, and then the then pushing those guys out there across that little valley sketchy. Yeah, but I think that they must have been there must have been less trees there and they they had to have visual visual eyes on them. Yeah, they're definitely was it's not as wooded. There's not as wooded as it is today. So these guys are on so so Chamberlain and his men are on little roundtop and then their little roundtop goes down and then it goes back up on the other side and that's the other side is big roundtop and this guy cap and Morelle takes a small group of guys like a dozen guys are some runs into those per day and sharp shooters over there. But the supporting distance you know for me supporting distance means that you can shoot you know we can help me with your guns and I can probably I can see you and hopefully I can yell to you. I don't know if you can yell over all this noise, but supporting distance that's a doctrinal term. So like the essence of cover move by the way because hey if you go out there by yourself and you go too far away well now you're not going to help us and you're not going to you're going to not going to get help from us either. And they had to have that line up what we call line up some unications on where they could at least see somebody. Yeah, and these guys probably had some pretty good hand and arm signals I would think to be able to communicate I mean even we have pretty freaking good hand and arm signals. Here we go the 20th main regiment had 358 men equipped for duty in the ranks with 28 officers they were all well seasoned soldiers and what is more well rounded men body and brain. One sub-mort important side note must have place here in order properly to appreciate the mental and moral attitude of the men before us 120 of these men from the second main were recruits. Some recruiting officer had led into the belief that they should be discharged with their regiment at the end of its term of service. In their enthusiasm they had not noticed that they were signing enlistment papers for quote three years of the war end quote. They had been held in the field after the discharge of the regiment they had refused to do military duty and had been sequestered in a prisoner's camp as mutant years awaiting court martial. So he's got 120 guys that it signed up. They thought they were just going to work with a 13th main well the 13th main stands down they fight a bunch of battles with them to fight a bunch of battles but then it stands down and then they go hey we're cool that regiments to down we're going home and I don't know you signed up for three years. They're going to work with that regimen yeah then that regimen ston yeah but you signed up for three years. So these guys are pissed on principle by the way even in ancient times guess what them recruiters were out there doing. More than Vax. And the recruiters even back in the day the recruiters were lying to these fools get them in there so these guys are pissed their vaxed and. They're waiting core martial and he's and so here we go the ex agency ex agency of our movement. The last of may had not permitted this semi civil treatment and orders from the secretary of war had directed me to make these take these man upon my rolls and put them to duty. This made it harder for them to accept as they had never enlisted in this regimen however they had been soon brought over to me under another guard of the 108th Pennsylvania 118th Pennsylvania with fixed bayonets with orders to me to take them into my regimen and quote make them do duty or shoot them down the moment they refuse. The guards bring these guys over at point of bayonet and say hey you got these guys not my problem anymore this is like the shitty team guys is like hey Jason I got a guy for your platoon you a lot of. And then I told them hey take these guys make them do duty or shoot them. These had been the very words of the core commander in person the responsibility I thought gave me some discretionary power so I placed their names on our rolls distributed them by groups to equalize companies and particularly to break up the agreed core of banded mutiners so that's a brilliant move he takes him and says okay you three guys are going on this platoon you four guys are going this platoon you break some up. Then I then I had called them together and pointed out to them the situation that they could not be entertained as civilian guests by me that they were by authority of the United States on my rolls of soldiers and I should treat them as soldiers should be treated. But they should lose no rights by obeying orders and I would see what could be done for their claim. It is pleasant to record that all but one or two had gone back. Manfully to duty to become some of the best soldiers in the regiment as I was to prove this very day so he treated them with respect. He talked to him said listen I understand you got some claims. I get it, but hey if you act like a soldier I'll have you get my back right now and I'm gonna have your back and all but I guess two. Stood up and incredible. Yeah. That's leadership. By the way the other leader who attacks them and disparages them has to guide them at bayonet. This is the thing I get all the time you know that I always have to bring up the Vietnam drafties and just how you know some people when people tell me about whatever group they're working with. It's the millennials it's the union it's the the craft people it's the it's the nurses it's the dot you take all these groups of people whoever they are whatever business we're working with. And they're like well the thing is with the nurses the thing is with the millennials they vacuum in these groups that know this is the worst group of people ever right. Because they don't want to listen or they think they deserve this they think they deserve that. And I was just I my go to is like I think the hardest group of human beings in the history to deal with was the Vietnam drafties because the Vietnam drafties didn't want to be there they didn't believe in the war and they could die doing their job. Yeah I'm running through my head right now. Guys are drafted more more tuned other wars they were drafted but none of them were as. Unpopular as the Vietnam and it was you know it's debatable whether the Vietnam war was an existential threat so that that like is. And then you've got to do it on top of the top of the off with the massive drug problem and all the other issues that were coming to a head inside the ranks and then you've got to deal with that. Yeah it's any group at I you know nurses teachers you name the group and there's some leader not all leaders but there's a bad leader out there that says well you know the thing is with our soft one engineers is they think they deserve this they say about every single group. You know the thing with millennials they they think or you know the this this gen X folks they think they built all this so they think everybody says that's about everyone so here's the deal. If you're a good leader in Vietnam and you had drafties which you did. You the good leaders love the drafties and they had no issue hack words one of them. And then you know the people who are not going to be able to have someone telling me screwed up and go okay well let me see if I am screwed up or instead of just going on. Treat people with respect listen to what they have to say. Take their input have their back and you can take guys that are prisoners and turn them into soldiers that are about to fight and sacrifice. In the matter of a dozen hours because you got these guys like 12 hours before getting to get his burger maybe a little bit longer but it's it's a quick turnaround time not talking about months where he's serenading these prisoners trying to get him the chains are mine. You know all this amazing is imagine this you're about to go into combat and up comes the 118th Pennsylvania goes a bro not my problem anymore this year problem now. There's a lot of people that say yeah what do you give me I'm not taking these guys or yay put them over there lock them to a tree right what I'm not dealing with this right now and said he goes okay this is what I got cool I'm going to work with it what a what an awesome attitude. I know I was I was I would we that I definitely took people in pletoons or in a train trade at where's I hey we got this issue cool 100 me let me let me let me work with his dude let me let me figure out what's going on. Instead of you know I want to. Hey man let's figure out what's going on with this guy chances are he's probably a halfway decent dude that just has some issues going on. I'll be going through a divorce maybe done six back to back to points. I don't know what's going on, but you don't either when I ask you these questions you didn't even know what's happening with him. You're just telling me he's got a bad attitude why is it about attitude. Like let give him to me given to me. I put him in charge of cleaning the head. Right that's another example from strategy and tactics we'll put him in charge of something. Yeah, we did he still has a bad attitude. What was it. Well cleaning the head cleaning the bathrooms on the second back. No. Got him run a dive. Yeah. All right. So here we go. I released the prisoners and provost guards all together and sent them to the companies all but the drummer boys and hospital attendance went into the ranks. Even the cooks and servants not liable for such service asked to go in. Others whom I knew to be sick or foot sore and had given a pass to fall out on the forced marches of the day and night before came up. Now that the battle was on dragging themselves along on lame and bleeding feet finding their regimen. And their places where need is greatest and hearts true is. Think of that for a second. Like you just pointed out these guys didn't even have shoes that were fitted for left foot or right foot. And they're dragging themselves up to the meat grinder saying put me in coach. Yeah. I'm bleeding feet. I forget what the forced road march was to get here but it was long. It was no joke. These guys are hurting when they show up. It's hot. It was you know. It's July. July. There in wool uniforms. It'd be great. The enemy had already turned the third corn left. The devil's den was a smoking crater. The plum run. Gorge was a whirling maelstrom. One force was charging our advanced batteries near the wheat field. The flanking force was pressing past the base of the round tops all rolling towards us into Multuous waves. It was a stirring not to say a palling site. Here a whole battery of shot and shell cutting a ragged chasm through the seared mass. Flinging men in horses like drift aside. There a rifle volley at close range with reeling shock. Hands tossed in the air. Muskets dropped with death's quick relax or clutched with the last. Conversive energy. Men falling like grass before the scythe. Others with manhood's proud calm and rally. There a neat little group kneeling above some favorite officer slain. His intense spirit still animating the fiery steed. The rising headlong with our empty saddle to the van. Here a defiant regiment of ours broken, slaughtered, captured, or survivors of both sides Crouching among the rocks for shelter from the terrible crossfire, where there was no rear. But all advancing, all the frenzyed force, victors and vanguished, each scarcely knowing which surging and foaming toward us, death around behind before and madness everywhere. It's a, it's, we haven't even gotten to like the real stress. So he's just showing up. Yeah. He's saying the picture that he's painting. Yeah. So he's on little roundtop now. And this is what he's looking at. Just complete and utter chaos and mayhem. And that chaos and mayhem. Back to the book. It soon reached us still extending two brigades of Hood's division had attacked. Texas and Alabama. The fourth Alabama reached our right. The 47th Alabama joined and crowded in, but gradually owing to their echelon advance. Soon seven companies of this regiment were in our front. We had all we could stand. My attention was sharply called now here now there in the thick and smoke lieutenant Nichols, a bright officer near our center ran up to tell me something queer was going on in his front. Behind those engaging us, I spring forward mounted a great rock in the midst of his company line. And was soon able to absolve the queer impression into positive knowledge. Thick groups in gray were pushing up along the smooth daylby between the roundtops in a direction to gain our left flank. There was no mistaking this. If they could hold our attention by a hot fight in front while they got in force on that flank, it would be bad for us and our whole defense. How many were coming we could not know. We were rather too busy to send out a reconnaissance. If a strong force should gain our rear arborgade would be caught as bi-amighty sheer blade and cut and crushed. What would follow it would be easy to foresee. This must not be. Our orders to hold that ground had to be liberally interpreted. That front had to be held that rear covered. Something must be done quickly and coolly. I called the captains and told them my tactics to keep the front fire at the hottest without special regard to its need or immediate effect. And at the same time as they found opportunity to take side steps to the left, coming gradually into one rank, file closers and all. Then I took the colors with their guard and placed them at our extreme left where a great bolder gave token and support. Then it's bending back at a right angle, the whole body gained ground leftward and made twice our original front. We were not long in doing it. This was a difficult movement to execute under fire requiring coolness as well as heat. Of rare quality where my officers and men I shall never cease to admire and honor them for what they did in this desperate crisis. So he had been told to hold specific ground and not give it up. And he says, what do you say? Take this liberally. He had to adjust it because he understood the intent was to make sure that little roundtop got held. Not just the front but little roundtop as a whole. So he had to adjust from just facing one direction to where he's got troops that are facing not just in front of him, but also to his left flank and then a little bit behind him because he saw that the confederates were making a move. Trying to flank. Meantime the tremendous blow of the fourth and fifth Texas struck the right of our brigade. And our 16th Michigan Reelden staggered back under the shock confusion followed. Vincent felt that all was lost unless the very God should intervene. Sort of loft and face a flame he rushed in among the broken companies and desperate effort to rally them man by man. By sheer force of his superb personality he restored a portion of his line and was urging up the rest. Don't yield an inch now men or all his lost. He cried when an answering volley scorched the very faces of the men and Vincent's soul went up in a cherry to fire. That agonizing moment came tearing up the 140th New York Gallant O'Rourke at the head not waiting to load a musket or form a line. They sprang forward into that turmoil met by a withering volley that killed its fine young Colonel and laid low many of his intrepid officers and a hundred of his men this splendid regimen as by a providence. We may well call divine saved us all in that moment of threatened doom. To add a tragic splendor to this dark scene in the midst of it all the indomitable haslet was trying to get his guns ten pounder rifleed parrots up to a working place on a small summit close beyond. Finally he was obliged to take his horses entirely off and lift his guns by hand and handspeik up the craggy steep when he launched death and defiance wide and far around. The roar of all this tumult reached us meanwhile on the left and heightened the intensity of our resolve. Meanwhile the flanking column worked around to our left and was joined with those before us in a fiercest soul which lasted with increasing fury. For an intense hour. The two lines met and broke and mingled in the shock the crush of muskertree gave way to cuts and thrusts grappling and wrestling. The edge of the conflict swayed to and fro with wild world pools and eddies. At times I saw around me more of the enemy than of my own men. Gaps opening swallowing, closing again with sharp, convulsive energy squads of stalwart men who had cut their way through us disappearing as if translated. All around strange, mingled roar, shouts of defiance rally and desperation and underneath murmured entry and stifled mones, gasping prayers, snatches of Sabbath song, whispers of love names everywhere. The men torn and broken staggering creeping quivering on the earth and dead faces with strangely fixed eyes staring stark into the sky. Things which cannot be told nor dreamed. How men held on each one nose, not eye. But manhood commands admiration. One fine young fellow who had been cut down early in the fight with a ghastly wound across his forehead and who I thought might possibly be saved with prompt attention. So I sent him back to our little field hospital at least to die in peace within a half an hour. In a desperate rally I saw that noble youth amidst the rolling smoke as an apparition from the dead with bloody bandage for the only covering of his head in the thick of the fight. Highborn and pressing on that they shall see death no more. So you've got this just incredibly intense assault on this hill. You've got the hill just about to be overrun when this guy Vincent Strong Vincent. Rally's his troops and holds the line and then dies and then as right as the lines about to get broken again. O'erork from the 140th New York brings his troops up same things able to hold the line. They don't even get a chance to load their muskets. They just dive into the fight. Continues on when that mad carnival load from some strange instinct in human nature and without any reason in the situation that can be seen when the battling edges drew a sunder their stood our little line. The gaps not like sautheath but sharp as steel tempered in infernal heats like a magic sword of the Goths. We were on the appointed and entrusted line. We had held the ground at all costs. But now that the smoke dissolved we saw dead and wounded all out in front of us mingled with more of the enemy. They were scattered all the way down to the very feet of the baffled hostile line now rallying in low shrubbery for a new onset. We could not wait for this. They knew our weakness now and they were gathering force. No place for tactics now the appeal to must be to primal instincts of human nature. So they go through this they hold the line barely. And as the smart smoke begins to clear they're looking at over the field down the hill and they see all their wounded a bunch of enemy wounded and dead. And then they see the enemy starting to gather and muster for yet another attack. Continuing on first it was to gather our wounded this is the human instinct you saw him. First it was to gather our human our wounded and bear them to the sheltered law and for saving life or peace in dying. The dead too that not even our feet should do them dishonor in the coming encounter. Then such is heavenly human pity the wounded of our country's foes brothers in blood for us now. So far from other caring born like refuge in soccer by the drummer boys who become angels of the field. So they go out and start trying to help their dead their wounded and then the confederate soldier wounded. In this low I took a turn over the dismal field to see what could be done for the living in ranks or were coming and came upon a manly form and face I well remembered. He was a sergeant earlier in the field of antitem and a Frederickburg and for refusing to perform some menial personal service for a bullying quartermaster and winner camp was reduced to the ranks by a commander who had not carefully investigated the case. It was a degradation and the injustice of it wrinkled in his high-born spirit. But his well-bred pride would not allow him to ask for justice as a favor. I kept this in mind for early action. Now he was lying there stretched on an open front. So what he just said is he's got this guy that he remembers that fought well at antitem and fraught a Frederick Frederick's burden. He was probably just a freaking BTF Tony type dude that was just a freaking badass and somebody told him to do some dumb shit. I'm not doing that. And he gets reduced in rank. Now he was lying there stretched out an open front where a brave stand had been made face to the sky. A great bullet hole in the middle of his breast from which he had loosened his closing, clothing to ease the breathing. And the rich blood was pouring in a stream. I bent down over him. His face lightened his lips moved. I spoke first. My dear boy, it's gone hard for you. You shall be cared for. He whispered, tell my mother I did not die a coward. It was the prayer of home bread manhood poured out with his life blood. I knew and answered him. You die a sergeant. I promote you for your faithful service and noble courage on the field of Gettysburg. This was all he wanted. No word more. I had him born from the field, but his high spirit had passed to its place. He doesn't need list to add that as soon as a piece of parchment could be found after that battle. The warne was made out promoting George Washington buck to sergeant. The silence and the doubt of the momentary low were quickly dispeled. So all that took place while there was a low in the fire. The 47th Alabama had rallied to our right. We were enveloped in fire and sure to be overwhelmed in fact when the great surge struck us. Already I could see the bold flankers on their right, darting out and creeping cat-like under the smoke to gain our left, thrown back as it was. It was for us then once for all. Our thin line was broken and the enemy were in the rear of the whole round-top defense. Infantry artillery humanity itself with the round-top and the day theirs. Now two are fire was slackening. Our last rounds of shot had been fired. What I had sent for could not get to us. I saw the faces of my men one after the other. When they had fired their last cartridge, turn anxiously toward mine for a moment. Then square to the front again. Through the front for them laid death to the rear what they would die to save. My thought was running deep. I was combining the elements of a four-learn hope and it just communicated this to Captain Spear when a Captain Spear of the Wheeling flank on which the initiative was to fall. Just then, brave, warm-hearted, lieutenant-milcher of the color company who's Captain and nearly half of his men were down. Came up and asked if he might take his company and go forward to pick up one or two of his men left wounded on the field and bring them in before the enemy got to near. This would be a most hazardous move in itself. And in this desperate moment, we could not break the line. But I admired him with a glance he understood. I answered yes or in a moment. I am about to order a charge. So they're almost out of bullets. That's a freaking crazy thought. As you're in command and as guys run out of bullets, they look at you like, I'm out. And then they look back to the front. And this kid comes up saying, hey boss, can I go out there and recover some of my wounded guys before the enemy gets too close? And he knows he can't give that order, but he says, well, in a moment. Not a moment was about to be lost. Five minutes more of such defensive and the last role call would sound for us. Despares the chances were there was nothing for it, but to take the offensive. I stepped to the colors. The men turned toward me. One word was enough. Bay and net. It caught like fire and swept along the ranks. The men took it up with a shout. One could not say whether it was from the pit or the song of the morning star. It was vain to order forward. No mortal could have heard it in the mighty Halsana that was winging the sky. Nor would he wait to hear it. There are things still of the first creation who seed is in itself. The grading clash of steel and fixing bay and net's told its own story. The color rose in front. The whole line quivered for the start. The edge of the left wing rippled swung tossed among the rocks straightened. Changed curve from Cimitar to Sickleshape and down the bristling arches swooped down upon the Seared host down into the face of half a thousand. 200 men. So it's about a thousand or sorry it's about 500 people against 200. And all he had to say was bay and net. That imagery is just incredible. It's description of it. More a letteration. It's just in saying. He says it was a great right wheel. Our left swung first. The advancing foe stopped tried to make a stand amidst the trees and boulders. But the frenzy bay and net's pressing through every space forced a constant settling to the rear. Moral. Moral with his detached company and the remnants of our valorous sharp shooters who had held the enemy so long and check on the slopes of the great roundtop. Now fell upon the flank of the retiring crowd and it turned into full retreat. Some omits the crags of the great roundtop. So that's lucky. As the Confederate soldiers are starting to fall back. Now they're now who's on their flank. But Moral and the guys that are going up on the on the big roundtop. At the first dash the commanding officer I happened to confront. So this is as this is going down. At the first dash the commanding officer I happened to confront coming on fiercely sword in one hand and big Navy revolver on the other fires one barrel almost in my face. But seeing the quick saber point at his throat. Reverse his arms give sword and pistol into my hands and yields himself a prisoner. I took him at his word but could not give him further attention. I passed him over to the custom custody of a brave sergeant at my side to whom I gave the sword as an emblem of his authority. But kept the pistol with its loaded barrels which I thought might come in handy soon as indeed it did. Ranks were broken, many retired before us somewhat hastily, some through their muskets to the ground, even loaded, sunk on their knees through up their hands calling out we surrender don't kill us. As if we wanted to do that we kill only to resist killing. And these were manly men whom we could be friend and by no means kill if they came our way and peace and good will. Charging right through and over these we struck the second line to the 47th Alabama doing their best to stand but offering little resistance. The lieutenant Colonel as I passed and a fine gentleman was the lieutenant boulder introduced himself as my prisoner. And as he was wounded I had him cared for as best we could. Still swinging to the right as the great gate on its hinges we swept the front clean of a salence. So that's it. I mean that's the that's the famous charge bayonet charge from little roundtop down little roundtop. And in those guys from the Alabama. Have been running all day in. They were out of water they had net water and hours they had a couple of guys trying to go and try and find water and they got run up and they're just just it's it's an incredible. Clash and the way chamberlin talks about this and he talks about that we could be friends with these guys. If we weren't fighting any keep said in his mind it's something that. I was able to do on the battlefield. I had a little bit of hatred in my heart when I went to war but this guy. He's at peace. The whole time and I think that's what what makes him such. That is what makes him such an incredible leader and person. Yeah to go through that to lose all all these guys. And still as soon as these guys surrender be like yep okay. I'll treat you fair enough. I mean I think that's definitely easier when it's you know you're fighting America other Americans. I mean I guess they were confederates but you know you have they guys had so much in common with you know when we when we fight all of a sudden we're fighting against a person with a different language person with a different culture person from a different country. It's a slipper flow it's way easier. Which is not the best way to do it because when the next thing that the next step that you're on when you go down there is to lose respect for the enemy and then you get complacent and that complacency always comes back to bite you. This is going forward a little bit. He has to get them to stop because they're charging and there's that there's much he says. Too much motivation. He says it was no light task to get our men to stop. They were under the momentum of their deed. They thought they were on the road to Richmond. They had to be reasoned with persuaded but at last faced about and marched back to that dedicated crest with swelling hearts. Not without sad interest and service was the return. For many of the wounded had to be gathered up. There was a burden to of the living nearly 400 prisoners remained in our hands two for every man of ours. And nine o'clock the next morning we were with withdrawn being relieved by our first brigade. But we were sent to support anything but a place of rest. Our new position was in support of handcocks troops near the left center of the union line which proved to be the point aimed at by pickets charged that afternoon. They kind of said hey look these guys just made a stand on a little round top and they lost a bunch of guys and we're going to give them a little breather. So instead of putting them out on a flank again we're going to bring them right into the center of the union line where they're probably not you know probably not going to see any action. We should be okay. And that ends up being the spot where pickets charged literally takes place. And unless I'm mistaken the guy that makes it the far from furthest from the Confederates was handcocks best man in his wedding. Yeah. Incredible. Yeah they have that they have that monument the high water the high water mark of where the Confederacy made it to. They have a thing this is where this guy made it to the furthest north. He says it was certainly a narrow chance for us and for the round tops. Had we not used up our ammunition and had we continued to meet the enemy musket to musket this give and take would have soon finished us by reason of the enemy superior numbers. That's an incredible debrief point. So he's saying look if we have it I would have had enough ammunition and we would have just sat there and trade shots with them. They had more people so eventually they would have they would have taken us they had what 500 people we had 200. We were just trade war of attrition we're going to lose violence of action right. He just deployed violence of action the college professor understood it and that's like. That's where we were always taught. Yeah. Day one and the seal teams. Yeah. There's a that's where we get taught we get taught speed surprise and violence of action. There was a Vietnam vet that that had broken service obviously and he came back in the teams. And did a platoon chief slot and man I think he he was almost 50 when he did a platoon chief slot and I remember. I was in the training cell where you're running an operation for him only had kind of a big target and they were set up. And he was briefing his guys are doing a little sand table before they were getting ready I was integrating them they're getting ready to go hit the target and he goes. Boys. There's a lot to be said for violence of action let's get online and mo this target down and they did it was brief and was so impressive. So good. He goes on with a little bit more debrief or had the 15th Alabama continued their onset not regarding our preposterous demonstrations they would have walked over our bodies to their victory. Or still again if one more Confederate regiment had come up on our flank we must have been rolled into a zero figure and swallowed up in the development. It was a psychological success. A miracle in the scheme of military science that's an interesting way to describe it a psychological success. You you you definitely hear those that the bayonet is a psychological weapon. There you go. Those brave Alabama fellows none braver or better in either army were victims of a surprise of their quick and mobile imagination. Damn. Like it got to him in that split second. Yeah. Uh. Continues on here we had gone up the roundtop slopes to bid farewell to our dead. We found them there on the sheltered lawn where we had laid them on the velvet moss fringed by low seaters that veiled the place with peace and beauty. I wrote up near and flinging the rain upon my horses neck dismounted to bend over them for soldiers farewell. There they lay side by side with touch of elbow still. Brave bronze faces where the where the last thought was written. Manly resolution heroic self-giving divine reconciliation. Or where on some young face the sweet mother look had come out under death's soft whisper. We buried them there in a grave a last. To ride on the sunny side of a great rock eternal witnesses of their worth. The rock and the sun. Rood headboards made of ammunition boxes. Rood be carved under tear dim dyes marked a named each grave and told each home. He goes on to say I thought of those other noble men of every type. Commanders all who bore their wounds so bravely, Men it amit their end on later fields and those whose true hearts further high trust were to be laid. Nor did I forget those others whether their names are written on the scrolls of honor and fame or their dust left on some far field. The nameless here, nameless never to me nor nameless I trust in God where they are tonight. I sat there alone on the storied crest till the sun went down as it did over the misty hills and the darkness crept up the slopes till from all earthly sight. I was buried with those before. But oh what radiant companionship rose around what steadfast ranks of power, what bearing of heroic souls. Oh the glory that been through those nights and days, nobody will ever know it here. I am sorry most of all for that. The proud young valor that rose above the mortal, and then at last was mortal after all. So there's Gettysburg. And what's crazy is you think that that's Gettysburg, like epic heroic beyond mythical scenario that unfolded real time for this guy and for his troops. And then what do they do? March because it's not over. Going forward now to Peter'sburg. And again, get this book to so much detail in here that I'm not covering. I will do an audio book. Just randomly check with echo Charles my editor over here. Gettysburg, you get to do a light main accent. Oh that'd be good, wouldn't it? Oh sure. Man you're right, I should have been doing a down east of this whole time. Would he have talked like that? No, I don't. It's hard to say. It certainly doesn't seem like it. But you know he could have, you know. It's a very subtle. It can be subtle. It's just a little bit different. So here we go to Peter'sburg because I don't know what else to tell you about Gettysburg other than Go, if you get the chance to go there, go there and don't rush and take your time and you will have a spiritual experience. That's what I'm going to tell you about about Gettysburg. And by the way, that's one story because there's a little round top style battles that are just Maker breaking the future of our country. Going back to the book went on the evening of June 17th under the sharp attack of our second and ninth core, the enemy drew in the outer line of their defenses. They left on an outline crest near the deep cut of the Norfolk Rado Railroad and advanced artillery post commanding the approaches from our side to the fortifications at Reeves, salient. From this position early on the 18th, they opened a strong, slant fire on our division, then drawn up from a salt in our immediate front north of the railroad. Our attack was thus delayed while our own batteries were getting into position to support this assault. So we're going into an assault. Our line, however, was held in place, perhaps to take the enemy's attention from the movement of our guns cover move is happening. This raking fire along our ranks was very trying to the nerves, which is a very mild way of saying things. Freaking, breaking fire from cannons is trying to our nerves as well as to our judgment of the tactics which held us there. When we were not allowed to move forward nor hit back, I am not saying to get back. So he's not saying he wanted to leave. He said he wanted to fight, but he's getting told, no, no, hold it. He were getting, we're getting freaking raked with fire here. Just hold what you got. Our men were going down fast and for no good that we could see. It was therefore a welcome piece of information when our core commander came along with the euphemism statement that this was quote, very annoying and quote, which remarked, prefaced the swath inquiry if I thought I could carry that position. I understood the purport of the mild inquiry thought indeed was required, but the meeting was action. So let me translate that for you. They're getting raked with fire. This commander comes up and says, this is annoying. He's like, yeah, no shit. And he says, do you think you could, you know, you could assault that position? And the, the, what did he say? He understood that what that inquiry meant was like, hey, man, can you make this shit happen? And he knew that the meaning was action. So he says, reconordering the situation, I could see no likelihood of being able to hold this place for long, nor in my judgment was it of importance to hold. Now that the batteries were dislodged, which had annoyed our troops in the design to solve, more over I discovered that the position was completely commanded by the enemies main works at the salient. Three or four hundred yards in our front were plainly seen several strong earth works with 12 or 15 guns so disposed, I do as to deliver a smashing crossfire over the ground between us, and just across the plank road was a large fork with heavy guns ready to sweep the cross, we were occupying between these works was a solid entrenched infantry line of at least 3000 men. We were a mile away from the rest of the army and I prepared to quote, take care of myself, I hurried up three batteries and trusted to me running up the guns up under the cover of the crest leveling slight platforms on the hit their slope so that the men could work their guns taking advantage of their recoil at discharge to reload and then easily run them up again the mussels lying in the grass, all as yet unperceived by the enemy and made them ready for what might happen. This position would be of use in case of a general assault by our army and this is what I look for. They're in a freaking hard situation. I mean that's what this is spelling out. At this juncture, what was my astonishment at receiving a verbal order through a staff officer personally unknown to me, directing me in the name of. The general commanding end quote to assault the enemy's main works in my front with my brigade. So the reason I kind of had to set up some of that military stuff there was because of what's about to happen. So he's standing there. He sees this is like a really tough situation. There's 3000 people. They got flanking guns. They're going to be in a bad way and this freaking random guy that he's never seen before says, Hey, the general commanding says assault. Assault frontal assault. He says this. This was certainly a compliment to my six splendid regiments. But I think you will justify my astonishment as well as my backhanded courage and recklessness of personal consequences in presuming to send back to the general a written statement of the situation. With the opinion that that position could not be carried with a single brigade even of Gettysburg veterans. So he sends back to the general. Hey, bro. No, that doesn't sound like a good idea. Like be by myself with my regiments. It's not going to make this happen. Grant, General Grant had lost all patients that morning and his chief subordinates were excited and flurry to in a man ride not see before. I, however, received a courteous answer. Saying that the whole army would join in on my right. But the single brigade was to make the assault and prove the prophecy. And the prophecy here is that grants not listening. So he gives push back and says, Hey, I'm telling you, this isn't going to work. And this is another thing we saw at Gettysburg where long street was saying, Hey, we don't want to assault the union line right here. It's not a good call in general. He's like, no, we're doing it. Oh, no, it was he was trying to set up the flanking maneuver. Generally wasn't listening. He was going to push back twice. Yeah, push back twice grants the same thing here. You got, you got freaking Chamberlain saying, Hey, bro, I wrote you a note. I don't think we could take this with a single brigade, even if Gettysburg veterans. Grant had lost all patients that morning and his chief subordinates were excited and flurry to in a man ride not see before. And as always, I wonder if that's his funny to people that don't understand what a staff officer's liking the military and how they freak out when the senior leadership says, We need to make this happen. How are you going to make this happen? It gets worse too. Every level that it's harder down. It's magnified. Yep. And less listening and more telling. So he says in such an assault, Muscatree was not to be thought of. It must be a storm of cannane, a rush of infantry with pieces at the shoulder. Over the works and ban at the enemy at their guns. It was desperate deadly business. The bugler sounded the charge. Under that storm of fire, the earth flew into the air. Men went down like skyds swept green. A wall of smoke veiled the front. I thought it necessary to lead the charge with full staff following. But in 10 minutes, not a man was left mounted. My staff were scattered. My flag bear shot dead. My own horse down. To cheer and guide the men where no voice could be heard. I picked up the flag and bore it a loft till close upon the enemy's works. And many ball cut me through. And the red cross came down to the red and riddled earth. So the red cross is their symbol. And they call it colors a lot. But this is the flag of these various unions. Sometimes they're talking about the American flag. Sometimes they talk about the Confederate flags, the same thing. But this multi's cross looks like an iron cross kind of that's there. That's what they have at the 20th main. And it's important to note that these flags, they were very representative of like the pride and honor of the unit. But beyond that, they were like a signaling device. It's communication that like, hey, here's where we're at. We are going forward. So if the flag goes down, it's a signal that we're not going forward. If the flag is up and going forward, it's a signal that we're going forward. If you take the enemies flag, it's a signal to the enemy that you get just got your ass handed to you. And now we're winning. So that flag is is much more kind of a, it's not just symbolic, I should say. It's hugely symbolic and it's function. It's totally functional. So when they talk about these scenes and there's plenty of scenes where you can see the colors, the flags come into play. This is one of them. He sees that he can't even pass any word. There's no word to pass. No one can hear him. There's too much noise, too much chaos. So he personally runs grabs the flag and charges forward. And then he gets cut. Then he gets shot. He says, I saw my man rush past me to the very muscles of the gun, then torn in pieces and trickling back the enemy rushing out beyond our left to flank our batteries on the crest behind us. I had only strength to send to broken regiments to support the batteries before I saw that all else was lost. In the midst of this turmoil, I lay half buried by clods of turn up or earth for an hour. When the shrouding smoke lifting, I was born from the field by some of major bigalo's men of the ninth Massachusetts battery on the crest. When you picture that field air and earth cross cut with thick flying, hitting plunging, burying bursting missiles, you will not wonder that we did not succeed in bayonetting the enemy at their guns inside their works. You will rather wonder that some of my men got near enough to fall within 20 feet of them. Bigalo's a beast too. He's another one that we talk about at Gettysburg. It's incredible where he boggles my mind that he gets shot in the pelvis essentially. And this is a civil war and he survives. What do we know? He's going to be back out on the field fighting in like six months. So what happens here? He has to leave the field because he severely wounded. And at Petersburg it begins nine months of trench warfare. Basically of trench warfare. They call it a siege but it's more like a prolonged battle. There's 125,000 union soldiers around Petersburg. There's 60,000 confederates trying to hold it. Between the two of them, they take about 50% casualties over this period. You're starting to see some breakdown in the confederate side, like 25,000 confederate desertions. So that's what's going on. Meanwhile, while that's happening, here's what's going on with Chamberlain. And this is actually taken from a sort of a memorial. It's like a ulogy or memorial. It's in memorial. It's an article basically. And it says, at Petersburg on the 18th of June, he led an attack on a strong position from which a heavy artillery fire was directed on his advance. Now listen, before we just jump into this reminder, here you, this is just a classic case leadership situation. You've got a trusted commander, proven leader, by the way, a metal of honor recipient that just freaking led the holding of the round tops, what, maybe a year of prior. This guy is respected and they went to multiple battles in between. So here he is, and he's saying, hey boss, I don't think this is a good idea. And you say shut up and go, and this is the result. So when your subordinates are pushing back, don't think that you're right and they're wrong. Maybe think that they're right and you're wrong. Is there a chance you're right? Maybe, but where's Grant? Where's Grant right now? I don't know where he is. Probably in the rear somewhere with the gear. He, no, he's in the rear with the gear. I'm out here on the front line. I'm observing the enemy positions. I can see how they're laid up. I understand the terrain way better than Grant does. And now he's telling me, now, you know what, you shut up in charge. Don't worry, the army's going to have your back. Bro, no! Let's not do that. By the way, if there was some reason, and I can articulate, if I say, hey Jason, I want you to assault this thing. You go, hey boss doesn't look like a good idea. And I say, hey, the reason I'm having you assault that is because as you assault that, we're actually sending some troops over here to this other position, and that's our main objective. And you go, got it. If you can articulate that, okay? But if you can't even articulate a reason other than, hey, shut up and do it. I told you, that's probably not a good indication. If you're best to defense in an argument, is to say shut up and do it. I told you, that's probably an indication that you don't have a good argument because you're probably wrong. So this is the kind of lessons that we can learn from a leader, and you know what? Chamberlain? Here's a discredit to Chamberlain. Hey, I'm not going. Hey, well, I'm not doing this. It doesn't make any sense. I'm going to go talk to Grant. I'm leaving right now. Could he have pushed back harger? He sent one note. Could he have pushed back harger? He thought that the army was actually coming in on the right. True. I mean, if he has a relationship with Grant and he's like, okay, I buy that that maybe they're coming in and he's got a bigger plan for me and it's probably why. Yeah, and that seemed to gratify him that, okay, if you're going to hit them with the, you know, just like I just said to you, if like, hey, Jason, you knew something like, hey, but this is a good idea. And I say, yeah, but don't want to get your flank over here and we're going to run them up and you go, cool, got it. Because now you know that you're going to have to commence the assault, make some progress, but then you're going to get relief very quickly and we're going to have the upper hand very quickly. So now you understand it and it makes sense. So yeah, maybe maybe that was the case. What we can learn from that is there's a time to push back and there's a time to push back hard. There's a time to maybe ask questions, ask her in his questions. And either way, there's there, you're, you're losing, when you push back, there's a way to push back to that you're, because you're going to lose capital with the leadership capital with the person. Yes. And, and if I tell you to shut up and do something, I'm losing a ton of leadership capital too and you have to realize that. So two things are important. One is make sure that you're building up leadership capital with everybody around you so that you can actually make with draws on that bank account because you've built it up. You know what's weird is I just kind of like left myself out in, in the air. I left my flank out. I said, there's a time to push back and there's a, and I was like, wait, because to me, there's always a time to push back. There's, if you're telling me to do something stupid. Now look, if we're in a firefight and you look at me and you say, hey, hey, Jocco, getting that building over there, I'm going to do it unless I see something crazy. I'm going to do it. I'm not going to push back then because we're at the moment of truth, right? Those moments are very rare. They're very, very rare. Where we, I have to just trust you. Now look, we built trust over time. So if you tell me to take that building, I know you're telling it to me for a good reason. So I guess there's a time to push back. I guess the other, the other part of that is there's a time to make sure you understand the bigger picture. Because you either have to push back or you ask the question, say, wait a second, Jocco, why do you want me to assault that building? It doesn't make any sense. And I say, here's why, because as you assault that building, we're going to come in and see other operations. It's going to keep the enemy distracted and then we're going to have the upper hand. You go, okay, cool, got it. So there's a time to push back. There's a time to check yourself and make sure you understand the bigger picture yourself. And if there's no bigger picture, the bigger picture doesn't make sense, then maybe you have to say, look, I'm not doing this. On the battlefield though, everybody's a chess piece. And it may be that you're going to, your chess piece is getting taken and that's probably what he realizes. Okay. Well, he told me they're coming from the right. And this is lousy for us. But they're willing to make that sacrifice. It's really difficult to parse apart. Yeah. It is difficult to parse apart. I mean, we could probably find more research and get more information behind the decision making process. But the lesson is very clear. And look, you're right. There's times where especially in all out war like this. Hey, this chess piece just like in chess literally. Sometimes you move the night and it gets taken by the bishop, but now the bishop is in a blocked position. So you made the good move. You sat. There are times in battle where that happens. I mean, when you look at D day, some of those original people hitting the beaches, they were, they were in a huge situation to be sacrificed. That's what was about to happen. Look, were they suicide? No, not quite. But damn. That should be very rare. They're telling them to hold the, the left flank on the ground. That all has her. Yeah. But that needs no explanation, right? That needs no explanation. Hey, you didn't even need to ask why. Oh, this is where on the extra. That's what he Vincent says to him. You're on the extreme left. Do you understand? He's like, yes, I understand. I know what that means. That means if I go, we, if I fall, we all fall. Yeah. Um, but that pushback thing so important, such an important part of leadership, such an important part of leadership. You know, the, the story I talk about in that economy of leadership, maybe it's a extreme ownership, but push, yeah, it was a dichotomy. It's like pushing back when they, when my leadership told me you have to take this many hierarchies with you. There's a ratio and I said, hey, that doesn't make sense. And my leadership said cool, Jockel, thank you for telling us. Because I articulated to them what the scenario was. And you hadn't been pushing, and that's what I was talking about with the leadership capital. You weren't pushing back all the time. We need more rental cards with this next trip. Hey, you know, this, this or that, you're just like Roger that. All the dumb stuff you're just knocking it out. Oh, yeah. We got to the administrative stuff cool. And we'll do it. And so the only, and this is the mistake people make with the push and back, is there pushing back all the time on stuff that doesn't matter. And then it undercuts them when it actually does matter. I mean, you were in my freaking sister task unit. And so you saw me doing that kind of stuff like a Roger that. Yep, got it. Yep, we're going to go into it. Lean it into it. Yeah. Well, we'll handle that. Yeah, no factor. And that's how I was able to build up that leadership capital. Yes. So that when the push back mattered, I got listened to, which is important. Shocking that you got Chamberlain as your guy that's pushing back on you and you're like, don't worry about it. So like I said, this, this battle where Peter's bird, it battle, Peter's bird where Joshua Chamberlain gets wounded. It ends up in nine months of trench warfare. What's he doing there during that time going to this memorial piece that was written about him? At Peter'sburg on the 18th of July, he led an attack on a strong position from which a heavy artillery fire was directed on his advance. Many of his men were swept down in Chamberlain's horse was killed by a shell. The attack was pushed with vigor and while leading it on foot, Chamberlain fell shot through by a ball, which passed through the body from hip to hip. He was covering arteries and fracturing bones. He was carried from the field and taken to a hospital, a napolis, where for two months, he lay at the point of death. After the general had been taken to the field hospital, the regular surgeon in charge declared the case hopeless. The man in A.O. Shaw, surgeon of the 20th main after an exhausting days labor, rode through the woods at night and finding the general remained with him, watching and caring for him and performing a surgical operation he found necessary until his patient seemed out of immediate danger. His friends who were cognizant of the case have always felt General Chamberlain's life was saved by Dr. Shaw's skill and faithfulness. In his last illness, Dr. Shaw attended his old chief with his same faithfulness he had shown in caring for him so many years before. At the end of five months and before he could mount a horse or walk a hundred yards, Chamberlain resumed command of his brigade. Before he was taken from the field, he was assured of his promotion. After his arrival at a napolis, he received a telegram as follows. To Lieutenant Colonel Joshua Chamberlain, 20th main infantry, special order number 39 first. Colonel J. L. Chamberlain, 20th main infantry volunteers from Maritorias and efficient services on the field of battle and especially for gaunt conduct in leading his brigade against the enemy at Petersburg on the 18th in which he was seriously wounded. In pursuance of the authority of the Secretary of War is appointed Brigadier General of the U.S. volunteers to rank as such from the 18th day of June 1864 subject to the approval of the president that signed by Ulysses S. Grant. This is the only instance in the war of promotion on the battlefield. The terrible wound received on the 18th of June 1864 caused him suffering throughout his life and at intervals incapacitated him for work of any kind. Resuming his command under conditions that would have amply excused him from active service, he was at once employed in operations along the well than railroad road. He was so severely affected by the hardships of duty and the inclimacy of the weather that at the end of the month his corps commander insisted on his going north for treatment. While recuperating, he declined many offers of attractive positions in civil life. After a month in the care of surgeons, he stole away from them and leaving his room for the first time made the painful journey to the front and took command of a new brigade composed of New York and Pennsylvania regiments. Bro, you folks from Maine, I am in awe at your tenacity and vigor. It's freaking awesome. You know, we're approaching two hours deep right now. I'm thinking we break now and pick it up with another podcast. We'll be picking it up as he gets back. He gets back to the military operations on a white oak road. So, well, so much stuff to talk about here. Hey, look, if you're interested in this stuff, we do, we do this review of the battlefield, the battlefield review. The next one that we're doing in Gettysburg is May 11th and 12th. You actually get there on the 10th or May 13th and 14th. That's at Gettysburg. We're there for two days. We basically do two iterations of it back to back. I could do a hundred iterations back to back of it. And actually, after that, we're doing in August, August 16th and 17th and then August 18th and 19th, we're doing a little big horn, which we've covered on the podcast, that battle and some of the people up front. We should do another one. We'll do a podcast about about, to podcast about crazy horse. But if you want to come to those things, go to echelonfront.com. That's where we, that's where we, yeah, I look at events. That's what's up. Echo. Yes. Quiet today. It's taking it all in. It's an elevated, how hard is it to listen when I'm reading this stuff? Well, it depends on what you mean by hard, but yeah, like you, I realized that even though I was like, oh, this guy's such a great writer, then I read it out loud and I'm kind of translating it a little bit. Yes, you know, probably needed. Yes. Okay. Yeah. So even even like you get even a guy nowadays, right? You know, you get these guys. They like to use big words on purpose, you know, to sound smart and whatever, whatever, whatever. Even then you find your brain like, okay, he just said this and you're in, sure it's a form of translation. Essentially, that's kind of what it was like. Yeah. Actually, it was a lot of what it was like. Yeah, I felt like that. I, I was doing that and I was doing that naturally. I hadn't planned to do that at all. And I probably should have prepared a little bit more to say, hey, here's what you're about to hear, because that's the same thing that happens with, hey, to say it's speaking to try to sound smart. But like when you read Shakespeare, if you don't know what's happening and you just read it, it's a different language. It's close to middle English. So it's kind of a different language. And then once you know what it means and what those words mean and why their sentences are formatted a certain way, you go, oh, wow, there's so much more meaning behind these things. And I think that's probably the case with this book. Obviously, not to the extent that Shakespeare is, but to say, oh, what does that actually mean? And then read it again and listen to it again and say, damn, that's an incredible piece of writing. It's like jumping into a cold swimming pool. Yeah. It's a little bit weird for a little bit. And then you could use to it. And you're like, oh, okay, I get it. This is this is good on, or getting used to like, Kormack McCarthy writing without any, any kind of situation marks. And it just takes you a second and then you could use to it. The weird thing about Kormack McCarthy is his styles between books is so radically different. I think the best example that being the road and then, and then blood meridian. Like when you read the road, that is a straightforward book. It's kind of what I lean towards in final spin. Yeah. It's just like, don't put a screenplay. Yeah. And then, and I think he wrote the road. Yeah, I think he wrote it with some intention of screenplay. But then when you read blood meridian, you need a dictionary on hand. Like unless you're a doctor, a botanist, a history professor, and you know, and a religious, you know, minister, you're going to miss a bunch of stuff in there. I mean, just the, oh, yeah, and also a geologist because we're rocks. He's talking about and freaking, like you got to have a dictionary on standby. Yeah. I feel like I use less dictionary reading band-up forward than I used when I read blood meridian. No, I mean, you know, like it's words like salient and things like that. That people aren't used to that you got to go look to thank goodness you can just pull it up on. Yeah, I've got a dictionary app on my, on my phone. Or I'm gonna say, and it's very useful. But hey, if you want to come check some of the stuff out. You know, we're covering one angle today, we're with Joshua Chamberlain. We cover a bunch more angles on these events. So I can't want to come check that out at slobfront.com. We got if you want to support us, while you support yourself, remember that old theme? Yes. Support, not old. It's current. Current, huh? I think to have this opinion, you know, but yes, it is current in my opinion. So if you want to support the podcast, while you support yourself, we got a mutually aligned focus here. You can check out jockelfield.com, get all kinds of good stuff for your, for your life. What's your latest and greatest, free game, milk creation? You still, you still thrown it in your morning coffee? Little, what are you throwing there, vanilla? No, I'm cutting back on the milk in my morning coffee. I'm just using it to just straight anymore. Just straight, ma'am. Yeah. It's so tasty. Yeah. I've been mixing the banana and the peanut butter doing this Elvis thing. I can't stop. I can't. I feel like that's what kind of kill was one of the, you know, factors that led to Elvis's death, right? Because this, this dude was like, It looked, he had a bunch of factors, right? Yes, or? He had a bunch of factors. But one of the factors was an excess of peanut butter banana, fried sandwich. Oh, right. Because that can't be good for you. And he was unhealthy as hell. That's the sad thing. Is just someone should have been like, bro. Hey, let's go, let's go one every three days on the fried sandwich. It's right. I tell you, my latest thing is that the, the discipline go in the pills. Oh, yeah. It's a winner. Every morning, that's just like with my coffee. Oh, really? Get it, not you. Okay. And then if I'm speaking, how many do you take in the morning? Okay. Just on a regular day. On a day that I'm speaking. God, that's good. 45 minutes before I speak, I take two. Oh, yeah. And it is leaving me when I come up and I am on fire. And so typically, what I'll suffer from, and I don't know why this is. It's either getting older or traumatic brain injuries, but I'll do a lot of your just dumb. I'm just, that's my problem. And it's like, I'll do a lot of words searching where I'm like, Oh, you know, this or that, I know, two of those things, 45 minutes later for the next hour and a half. I am cognitively on fire. I'm pulling all the words down. I need. It's awesome. You don't want to have to sometimes, because, oh, you know, before the bed podcast, I'm going, I'm going, going with a can at least sometimes, too. But like when you're speaking, you can't because you go to pee. Yeah, I know. That's the drawback. But man, when I get to read a lot, I'm going to have to hit an afternoon go, can of go. Because you're starting to, just starting to not be, you know, in the, in the, in the, in the mood for reading, do on a freaking whatever Sunday Saturday. You're still. And you already worked out, you're rolled the jiu-jitsu. You don't get that post, you jiu-jitsu fatigue. Yes. You don't even talk about it. You leave jiu-jitsu with a hype. Yeah. Kind of hyped. You don't leave tired. I never leave. I mean, I'm tired physically, but mentally, in the game. One point five hours later. Yeah. I did not feel like freaking reading a book. That's what I was going to say. They're like that. Put what you call post, jiu-jitsu fatigue. You're whatever. Right. Yeah. It's, I was going to say, it's kind of nice to be honest. Yeah. When you don't got nothing to do. Yeah. You got something to do. You got something to do. You got something to do. You got something to do. It's true. It's true. It's nice to be. The opportunity to cruise is good. So anyways, jockelfield.com can check out some of that stuff. If you want to get some gear for yourself and you want to support America, you want to support America? Yeah. Check these out. I see Jason Gardner's wearing his brand new. How old are they? A couple of months old? No, two weeks ago. Oh, two weeks ago. Yeah. Yeah. They're also the American Bison Boots, the Christy Soul. Oh, I love it. Yeah. And I read, you know, like Rogan was talking about, they took a little bit of break-in. So I was nervous about that. I put some oil on them and warm for a day and a half. No issues. Yeah. If you get that butt, that's nice and that's what I'm so. So good. Out of the game. Yeah. We also make jeans and sweatshirts and... Okay. I just, so when I got the boots, I got the built. Pants. Pants. Yeah. The work pants. Yeah. Dude. Those things are like comfortable like pajamas. I've never, like, oh, I put on other work pants. It's like putting on cardboard. Yeah. And you put these things on and like, oh, wait a minute. I'll see, you know, about the durability that remains to be seen. But they are so comfortable. And then the way the pockets are lined out. Yeah. Really well thought out. Yeah. Freaking legit. And I love the fact that you're wearing them up on the freaking, uh, whatever you call your compound. Yeah. I'm not a star. Yeah. Every day is a word North country. Yeah. That's the thing. You're just like, you're wearing them for pajamas. Probably. In case you got to go like kill a bear in the middle of the night. That's something. Or you have to clean up after your wife killed the bear. So check this out. There's, there's some military guys up there training right now. And, um, I'm flying down here last night. Uh, uh, Iris sends me a text and she, the kids had after school archery. So she went to go pick them up from school. She's driving on from school on this, this military unit that was up there. The guys had hit a deer. And they pulled over and they were kind of standing there. They didn't know what to do. And Iris could see them and could see the deer flopping around in the middle of the road. Poles of car over grabs a 38 out of the car. And we carry guns in the car for this reason. Because deer get hit all the time on the road and you want to put him on your misery. So I could only imagine what these guys saw is she just, what pulls over. I need to get these, these are special operations. Yes, they are. Crack, crack two shots. What's going to work? We got reholstered. Yep. There. There. There. Oh, I'm like right on baby. That's freaking legit. Iris, Iris Gardner podcast 70, by the way. Go listen. Go listen to that. Hey, what do you do with the deer afterwards? You just call it off into the woods or what? Oh, no, they have a thing you just call fish and game. Oh, yeah. And it's been hit on the road. And then those guys actually took it and and and butcher it out. A lot of them get hit this time here because of the snow. And it warns up that they wanted to be in great food for the. The Eagles and a lot of the raptors and other wildlife because they're they're looking for stuff to eat. So nothing gets wasted. She got some amazing photographs of some bald Eagles recently that were. Eat one of those road killed there. That is a little jets. I was just watching this watch and look at it like it's no big deal. Mom's taking care of business. Oh, yeah. So if you want to get those pants. Go to or anything else. All made America by the way, which good news factory. Yeah, so that's awesome. We got a big factory in North Carolina now. So our capabilities are going to increase. We're going to continue to invest back into the business back into the factories back into the people. It's just awesome. So if you want to support all that go to origin us a dot com don't support. Well, straight up just don't support companies that are. That are supporting the communist regime. Don't do it. Instead support American companies or the USA stock. And here's the deal. Yeah, that it costs more. But when you when you buy something that's a premium product. Over the long haul, it cost you less because it lasts longer. And then you're reinvesting that into your community, which is our country, right? So yeah, so just don't be like those corporations that that to to make five dollars on a pair of pants. Ship stuff overseas spend a little bit of extra money. Get a quality product. It will actually cost you less overtime and then you're supporting your community. Yeah, and it's so much better for the world. What do I mean by that? Well, when you when all these factories that are overseas, they have no they have no regulatory environment that they're operating in. They're just dumping whatever they don't use into the rivers and it's killing everything. America, there's rules. There's rules, not just for the environment. There's rules for the workers. All kinds of rules that we have in place here. So yeah, is it going to be a little bit more expensive? Yes, it is. We're going to be a better product. He hell, yeah, it is. Is it going to help America, those communities and the world? Yes, it actually is. So we appreciate that. Jockelstore.com. Or do you make up the t-shirts? It was a collaborative effort with the name, the naming on that one. Yeah, for sure. But good news is regardless of the name, this is where you can get our apparel. If you want to represent on this panel, we're all on display equals freedom. Good. It's new digits of stuff on there. Yeah, do we have a section now? Do you have a section official? Yeah, it's a fish. Yeah, what's the latest of the GJ2 section? Dean Listers, foot shirt. They keep made up by the way. Consumption would get it. Yeah, yeah. So that's an awesome shirt. There's a foot backwards. No. You can go full layers, huh? Well, that's not a layer in Dean Listers foot. That's face, Dean Listers came up with it. So it's going to be pretty direct in a lot of ways. You know, if it would have said foot backwards, correct me if I'm wrong. Or what is it? Tooth. Tooth. Tooth. Right. That's easy to. Teeth. Great. You know, Pete the Greek. He's now saying, um, why would you ignore 5% of the body? Rist locker world. Rist locker world. He's the last dude. Yeah. And so he makes a good point. Yeah. But yes, Jockel story is some good stuff on there. Short locker is a subscription thing. Don't forget about that. Kind of cool. Yeah. Good reviews, I know. Especially the latest too. I got one that, um, you'll see it. But you came up with the design idea. You did 100% long time ago. In what way? You just came up with it. It's a make a shirt like this. And you told me this idea. Can't tell you, surprise. You didn't tell me I made it up, bro. Yeah. I know. That's why I'm going to surprise you. All right. We'll put it this way. Give me a hit. There's a stoner gun involved. Oh, you made that shirt. I want to see it. Dude, I want to, can I see it? I need to see it. What the shirt? It's a being printed right now. Check. I guess I have to say it. It looks good. Yeah. Jockel story.com. Awesome. Hey, subscribe to the podcast. Check out Jockelonagram.com. Look, there's, let's face it. Yes. It's getting wild right now with this stuff, with a suppression of voices. Things are getting crazy. So if you don't want to, if you want to have a backup plan to listen to us, go to jockelonagram.com. It's $8.18 a month. If you can't afford that, just email assistance at jockelonagram.com. There's censorship happening. I don't know when they're going to censor me. Maybe it, we shouldn't be talking about war or talking about America in a positive way. And we're going to get censored for that. So when that happens, we'll be on jockelonagram.com. We're going to YouTube channel. We got psychological warfare for flip side canvas. I written a bunch of books. Ashlam front. We talked about that a bunch of leadership consulting. Go to go to eslamfront.com. If you want to check out the battlefield review with us. We have all my training academy. It's called it's ad extreme ownership.com. We're on there. I'm on there once two, three times a week. Jason's on there all the time. The whole crew, we're on there. It's so cool. I answered question. Going through these details of what we're talking about when we talk about leadership. Leadership is a skill. It's a skill. It's not just something you know how to do. It's not. No one just knows how to lead. It doesn't work. You have to learn it. And so go to go to xreamownership.com. We also have a couple of charities. We support if you want to help service members. Active and retire. We've got Mark Lee's mom. Mom, Lee. She's got a great charity organization. If you want to help out, you want to donate. Go to America's mighty warriors.org. And also check out heroes and horses.com. Mike a think. Got a great organization going. That is doing some incredible things for veterans. And he's an awesome guy. So that's cool. If you need more of us, we're on social. Watch out for the algorithm. The algorithm is a thing. It's an active, like, An active of the, of you. Let's do it. What parts debatable? What the algorithm? Yeah. The algorithm is designed for specifically. Doesn't always get it right. But it's designed to show you what you want to see. More specifically, it's designed to show you what you want to see. So that you click on and watch more. It's trying, it's so it is your enemy. So we're, I'll be, so be careful. It could be viewed as what, like, like, a deal with a devil kind of a thing. Like you can use it to your advantage though. Oh, yeah, fully, fully. You can't. But you have to use caution. Yes. I mean, you can use fire to your advantage. But you have to use caution. And that's especially with you, Jason. It's a very pertinent. So you can use fire. You can use guns to your advantage. If you have to eliminate or put a deer out of its misery, you can also be a jackass with guns. So it's kind of like a double edged sword. That caught him. Yes, that's one. That's one. So, so we are on the social media. Watch out for the algorithm is the warning. Jason's ad Jason and Gardner on Instagram with a period. There's Jason period and period Gardner on Instagram. He's also Jason and Gardner. And Gardner, no periods on Twitter. And for the Twitter for the Graham and Facebook, Akazeneca Charles, I am at Jocco, Willink, and to all the military personnel out there around the world, representing the flag and all that it stands for, all that it's supposed to stand for and protecting those ideals around the world. Thank you. And thanks also to our police and law enforcement firefighters, Paramedics, EMT's dispatchers, correction officers, board patrol, secret service, and all the first responders out there. Thank you for keeping us safe here at home. And remember for everybody else that there are sometimes when the odds are stacked against you, when things are falling apart and when you're not sure how much more you can take or what you can do. There are times when things get truly desperate. And sometimes in those scenarios, the best thing to do is like Joshua Chamberlain and the 20th main is not to sit there and wait to die, but instead attack. So fix, bayonets, take action, and attack. And until next time, this is Jason and Echo and Jocco out. Goodbye.