 This is Jocco podcast number 241 with echo Charles and me, Jocco Willink. Good evening, I go. Good evening. I was the number one man on the door in my train, which meant I would be the first man into the room. Mission's often included debates as to who would get to go first. All these guys were fearless and like to train hop to the front of the stack the most dangerous place to be first into a room. Seals love to fight. We all want to be the first into the fight, and every seal is willing to accept the greater risk, especially for his buddy's sake. I had no apprehension about the possibility of my own death. My concern was for my platoon mates. While I can't speak for everyone, their actions this night prove they all felt the same way. Clarky and I looked at each other. He smiled back at me. We had practiced this maneuver a thousand times, and it successfully done it on hundreds of missions just like this one. There was no rush of adrenaline or anxiety. We were composed, relaxed, and professional. We would simultaneously breach our respective doors and go to work, clearing the rooms of enemy fighters and other potential threats. We launched on the signal, a mutual wave of our rifle barrels. I breached the door to my room. It's swung open to the right. I followed the door in as it opened, looked down the right wall, and saw it was clear. As I pivoted off my right foot to move down the left wall, I had the sensation that my body was being slammed with a dozen sledjammers. My entire body was now in the room, and the men behind me in my room clearing train were attempting to follow me in. The room was small, 12 feet by 12 feet. My night vision goggles illuminated the darkness, and I saw in clear view four of our targets aiming at me. All of them armed with automatic weapons, and all of them firing at me. That right there is an excerpt from a book called Perfectly Wounded by a retired seal named Mike Day. And I knew Mike when he was a young seal. He was maybe ten classes ahead of me going through basic seal training. He started his career at seal team three. I started my seal career next door. I don't know, 50 meters away, 100 meters away over at seal team one. We crossed paths on what was my first deployment. We'd see each other around from time to time. He was always very cool to me from what I could tell always cool to everyone, nice guy. No ego, no attitude. And on the day that Mike writes about in that book, those insurgents that were shooting at him, they hit their mark. And not just once, not just twice, not just three or four or five or ten times, but 27 times. 27 times, Mike was shot 11 times in his body armor and 16 times in his body. And you have to keep in mind, and this is a strange thing, but one single round or one single tiny piece of fragmentation can kill you. So to receive that many shots and survive is, well, it's some kind of miracle. And then to go beyond that, because the story doesn't end there, but to receive that many shots and actually fight back is beyond a miracle. And that's exactly what Mike did. He fought back and he won. And it is an honor to have Mike here today to tell us about his experiences, his life and his lessons learned. He's got a bunch of them. So Mike, thanks for coming on, man. I appreciate you guys having me. Yeah, getting you out here, I know we're in the middle of middle of COVID right now. You've been driving across country. I know you just got done with a total of all tree challenge up and up and Utah. I wish I could have grabbed you there, so you'd have to come all the way down here, but now you're telling me you're going to try and look to serve a little bit, which is awesome. Well, I'm trying to, that looks like this serves going to be picking up in Virginia since I'm not there. You got to hurricane coming up the gas the way it works, isn't it? You should have been yesterday. Well, hey, man, I want to jump into this. Your book is first of all, it's just, I mean, everyone, obviously I'm not going to read the whole book. I'm going to read some of it. Just go and go and get the book right now. The detail that Mike goes into, this is a historical document about being in the SEAL teams, about being in combat. And then what's in addition to that, the life stories that you bring to the table are important for people to understand, understand what, how people grow up in different situations, what it does to them, and how to get through those hard situations, because you definitely went through some hard situations. So I'm going to jump into it, man. Jump into this book and kind of talk about your past and how you grow up, and it starts off like this. He looked huge like a damn monster. She was screaming and fighting back, which only made it worse. I was frozen in terror. He bent her arm over his knee and like a twig cracked it. I watched him break her arm. He yelled at me, go get me a glass of water. I ran to the kitchen, filled a glass and ran back to hand it to him. He drank it, then smashed the glass on a nearby table and held the broken shard like a knife. He went after her again with this newly created blade. I jumped on his back to stop him. I think that's what finally snapped him out of his uncontrolled rage. I flew off him as he swung his arm and landed on the ground on my back. He spun around to attack his unknown aggressor and realized it was me. I clearly remember seeing his expression dissolved from rage into one of guilt and shame. This is my earliest memory and my first encounter with a terrorist. It was 1976 in New Jersey and the terrorist was my father. His victim was my mother. I was five years old. That's your earliest memory. The shielding is very easy. He made it easy. This is, I believe, pretty prevalent in our society now. A lot of us have just terrible parents. One of the best books I've ever read is the Body Keeps Score. He says, in that book, the largest medical issue, the largest medical problem we have in this country, is childhood trauma. Because you learn what you are in the first seven years. For me, luckily it wasn't to the point where I became more of a victim and worried about what things were going to happen. My response was just to fight. So when I get scared or angry now, I fight when I get scared. A lot of people want to get scared. The fight or fight is to coward. You can see in a lot of gun fights with people that aren't trained. One of the most prominent places to get shot. Somebody that doesn't know what they're doing. And they're forearms in their hands. Because they're calorie. And our, when we get triggered, people know that you don't jump around a corner. Discarving me because I'm going to smack you. So I had to head. That's my response. I don't flinch. My response is to go forward. And, you know, my father ingrained that in me. And then I got in the seal teams. That was ingrained in me. And that night and that gun fight, there was no thoughts. That was all reaction. That was all muscle memory. I was terrified. I went through a terrified a little bit of terrified terrification. That's a new word. And once I got past that, it was just angry. And then everything was automatic. You go on. You go on here in the book. My parents divorced not long after my father broke my mother's arm. My mother would soon start dating and eventually marry Tom. A black man, a rare union in the 1970s. My father held racist beliefs and my mother's marriage to a black man and flamed my father's racist sentiment. The divorce included a custody hearing. I was young, but I can distinctly recall someone in court, a lawyer, possibly the judge, asking me strange questions about Tom. Like, have you ever seen Tom naked? Have you ever seen Tom and your mother sleeping together? The focus of the custody battle, which should have been my father and his treatment of us, was instead trained on me, an innocent bystandard. Interracial relationships were not the social norm in the 1970s. I'm sure the court knew my father beat my mother and us kids, but they still awarded him full custody regardless. My hunch is that the courts were so biased at the time that they decided my younger brother and I would be better off with a wife, Peter, an abusive father than be raised by an interracial couple. I'll speculation, but I mean, the 70s were not like that. Yeah, where was this? This was New Jersey. Still New Jersey. And they still married and I got two brothers, one's in the Coast Guard from that marriage. And he's a rescue sorter. Oh, not a rescue. He's a crew chief on the birds that go out and carry the rescue swervers. So how old are you at this point? You must've been six years old or something like that? Yeah, I've already about that. I'm thinking, you know, when I picture you, I don't picture the old bastard that I seen in front of me right now. I picture this young kid. I'm like, I'm like blonde hair and you know, blue eyes. Yeah, yeah, no, that's that's the, when I open, I was like, oh, yeah, I know this guy. I'm not this one. Yeah. So I'm sure you're looking to be thinking the same thing. You know, my dad was driving around his house. We haven't changed that much really. If I shave this. Yeah, yeah, no, you don't look that much different except for you used to have the freaking, the blonde blocks. Bright blonde blocks. No, and I'm thinking, you know, there you are in court. This little Aryan kid. And the judges are looking at, you know, the the interracial couple. And like you said, I mean, you said it's a, what you said, it's an assumption. But to think of any other reason why they would decide to send you with a known child abuser is it's hard to come up with a different reason. Well, that's another reason why this books really good. I don't think anybody be able to pick that up. Nobody gets to this life without trauma. And it's, it's a lot more prevalent than I think we understand child abuse and Jesus, look at the child trafficking going on right now. I mean, there's just some really bad parents really bad people out there and people are going to suffer trauma. You got to build the resiliency. It's training. They, they help us build the resiliency. We required to do what we did in the seal teams. And it's just training. If you sit on the couch and you twinkies all day and watch and watch TV. Anytime something other than that comes up that causes stress. You're just not going to be able to handle it. You got to train to be able to handle stress. And then I mean, that sounds awesome. That sounds awesome. But the reality is, I mean, you're probably this small percentage of people that can get out of a situation like this and move in a positive direction. I don't know what the percentage is, but obviously there's some percentage of people that go through these traumatic experiences kids and they end up, you know, they end up in jail on drugs and whatever else. And yeah, I mean, there's something along the way that made you there's not a whole lot of difference between me and 80% of the prisoners here in California. I just had the proper opportunity at the right time. Because if I didn't join the Navy, I might. I, I beat Ronald and MS 13. I think I have to go after you. I think I'm after me. I, the, the amount of seals and this sounds freaking horrible to say, look, there's some guys that are saints and the seal teams for sure, but the amount of guys and the seal teams just if you just took a broad cut of the seal mentality, there is an element of criminal mentality in there. Like, oh, if you, if you want to join the Navy, we know where this is going to end up for sure. Well, we have to deal with criminals. Yes. I mean, a lot of people think that when we go to war, I'd venture to say that 75% of the people that we're dealing with are not ISIS or al Qaeda, they're just the criminal element that are profit, profitiers off of off of the current. I mean, look what we've got going on with whatever the missions going on. They, they, they, they, they logically, they don't care. There is, okay, I can make some money off of that. You know, you look at religion in this country. You know, got how many Christians and then what level are they practicing? You know, it's the same thing with Muslims. Yeah, they're Muslim, but are they really practicing? Are they really going to follow what they think is right? Or are they going to take the path of least resistance, which is what humans will do? You, you continue on here and fast forward a little bit. My father was a sailor. When the Navy issued him new orders, we moved to Pennsylvania from New Jersey after the divorce. My father remarried. Our new stepmother soon became pregnant, giving birth to my first half sister two years later. She gave birth to my half brother trauma attracts trauma. It has its own distinct language and behaviors. We would be raised by two people who've been severely traumatized as children. My new stepmother was a natural fit for our family. She too had a history of childhood abuse both physical and mental. I don't know much about her the early years of her life other than her parents would lock her in a closet for long periods of time. She was put up for adoption and taken in by loving couple. My stepmother would grow up to be both victim and perpetrator. She would alternate between coercing my father to beat us and slapping us around herself. She and my father would get into their own fights too. She would fight back even though she had no way of winning. He was six foot two and weighed 240 pounds. One of the worst beatings I ever endured was when I was eight. My brother and I had gone out on a winter day and tell the car was snowballs. The driver was pissed. But if he'd known the price we'd about to pay for our transgressions, he may have given us a pass. We ran to our house with a driver the car chasing us. He knocked on our front door and told my parents what we had done. My father and stepmother had a friend over at the time. They were all drinking. My parents were outraged. Our father sent us to the basement and ad hoc torture chamber of sorts where he made a strip naked before tying our hands to a pole so we were facing each other. He whipped us with his belt so hard after another 15 minutes we'd worked up at he'd worked up a sweat. All the while my stepmother and her friends sat on the basement steps, sipping their booze, urging him to beat us harder and longer. When he was done, my brother and I were both badly bloodied and bruised. My father's violence escalated as we grew. He would smear toothpaste on the nylon belt when he whipped us so we would sting as it cut and bruised us. I'm not sure where he picked up this technique but it worked. His routine was to bring me into the basement and make me drop my pants so that my bear ass was available. He would wind up and rip into my bear backside with that belt holding onto my arm as I twisted in a circle trying to escape. I recall a week that was preface with him telling us, I know that you will be bad kids this week. He beat us bloody and then he went back to work. This was some crazy stuff. He was so Nazi, he said, As long as he was a lawyer and beat us for no reason whatsoever before he went to work, we got beat and we went back to bed hardly a typical morning routine for a first grader. My childhood was a real life horror movie I couldn't escape. It was terrible about that. A lot of people have worse. I got out of it. A lot of people don't. Yeah. We're the sends up. You say finally at the age of 12 after years of enduring a drunk and rages and endless beatings I decided to fight back. When I'd found him passed out drunk on the couch, I knew that he was passed out because the crotch of his blue jeans was dark and from having wet himself. I grabbed a baseball bat and walked back and forth for about five minutes debating my intentions until finally I mustered up my courage. And with an overhead axe swing, I drilled him hard on the chest with the baseball bat. It felt great, totally empowering rush. I didn't kill him, but I sure surprised him because he immediately woke up from his booze and diced black out with a look of total confusion. That quickly turned evil. He looked at the bat in my hands and realized that I was what that was what just bounced out off his chest. I knew by the look in his eyes he was going to kill me. He chased me upstairs to my room where I jumped out of my second story window into a thorny rose bush. I looked up to see my enraged father's stick. His head out only to pull it back in. I could hear his pounding footsteps from outside as he ran downstairs. He was determined to hunt me down, chasing me through the woods around our house in the dark. He couldn't get through the thick underbrush, but I was too terrified to slow down. He never caught me. I spent the night at a neighbor's house in the next day when I returned home. He had forgotten all about it. In 1983, my father was transferred to Miramar near San Diego, California. That's where he totally lost it. He was drinking, causing problems at work. It had been arrested several times for defecating in the aisles of stores. Some mental health professionals describe this peculiar public display as elimination disorder. It's a behavior that's been identified in several serial killers and manifest out of extreme anger at someone or something. I was 12 years old when my stepmother received word that my father would be medically discharged from the Navy and institutionalized with schizophrenia and a host of other psychiatric conditions. He would spend the rest of his life in an inpatient facility or an assisted living environment. My father has since died. He was very sick and really sick. And he did a terrible job as a parent. However, I know now that he did his best. That he did the best he could. I don't hold any harsh feelings toward him. He really sucked as a father. So I mean, it's just it's beyond or he had like legitimate serious mental issues. Well, his father was worse than him. He just wasn't the one that was able to break the cycle. I think he tried to. Just ate him up. I mean, his father used to chase his, his brother and his sister around butcher knives and threatening kill him. He never actually threatened the kill us. I mean, with that thought so is there. His father used to actually make that threat. I never, I never met my grandfather. And what was your grandfather already dead or was quite honest, I don't know if they just kept us from him or or he was or he had passed. I met his mother. You know, looking back on that as a kid, it was strange. She was she's broke just the broken broken woman just strange. You know, just not normal. I mean, go over Thanksgiving dinner and everybody's eating Kentucky fried chicken, which I don't complain about it. I mean, you got food, but not going to complain with having food, but it was just. It was not a normal atmosphere. You could just feel that it was weird. I mean, in his sister grew up in a psychiatric ward. She went in when she was really early. Really young. So I don't know what kind of what was done to her. I mean, some serious darkness there. I mean, we got back going on now in the world. It's pretty prevalent. You know, just shitty parents that abused their kids don't have to be parents because they were abused. Really not an excuse. My kids tell me, well, I've got old kids. You know, 20 year old and 29 year old. And they've always told me we wish you would spank us rather than yell at us. And I was like, it's because you never would spank. You might change your mind if you got a mass. You go on here. I was about 12 or 13 years old and my stepmother became our legal guardian in season. Newfound freedom by dating a guy in a local rock and roll band named Beechie. And hosting parties at our house are home quickly turned into a constant party with its own inhouse band and all the characters that came with it. People strangers would sit around my house all day getting drunk and stoned. I want particular occasion. My stepmother was partying with Beechie and his band of losers when she tried to smack me. I caught her arms spun it behind her back and swept the legs out from under dumping her on her ass. That episode got me and my brother sent to Maine to live with our maternal grandparents who we hadn't seen in years for that summer. My half siblings were still young at the time. I still remember looking over my shoulder and seeing my half brother lying in his crib and my half sister lying in her bed as I made my way out of the house. I was just a funny thing about trauma because that's the only thing I remember those two. We're not talking about now but it's as if they weren't even in the same house with us. I don't remember when they get in any different treatment. I don't remember that. That's wild. And you were like two or three. I don't know. What team are you at? I was a team two. Was a team one team two team. I'd rather did like eight years at team two from when the one. Sometime after 2010. What year was gone? I got out in 2010. Yeah, I retired in 2010. You just he was in the team for like ten years. That's awesome. But just no memory of them. None at all. That's the only thing I can remember is looking over my shoulder when I was walking out of the house. Now I can tell this is what I think about memories. Like I don't go back to the town where I grew up very often. And so I don't because I don't like fight but when I say very often, I mean for ten years at a time, right? And I don't see all those people that I kind of grew up with. So I don't fire those. And then the house comes right. I don't fire those memories very often. So they just like fade and I'll go back there and see someone and they're like, Oh, yeah, I remember when you did this. So I remember the memory of that girl and remember this and this thing over here. And I'm always like, I feel bad because they're telling me vivid stories about my own childhood. And I just don't remember. I think it's because I just don't didn't fire those. You can read studies on people's memories, especially in stressful situations. And I like I said my my citations and that accurate. I think gave me credit for saving six women and children that were supposedly in the same room. That was in a gunfight with four dudes with automatic weapons. They'd all be dead. The guy that saw that had looked past one of our guys that had been shot and killed. To see the six women and children in a totally different room didn't even see the guy laying in the doorway. Just saw the six women and children and superimposed them in the room that I was in. And I'll be dead. Hundreds and hundreds of rounds were fired in that room. And a matter of minutes. So now you had enough to me. That fall my brother and I moved to Maine for Virginia Beach to live with our mother in her second husband Tom. It was only after we arrived that I learned about how my stepmother and father deliberately and systematically tried to alienate me and my brother from our mother. She showed us a box filled with years worth of Christmas and birthday cards. But they cards had been returned without the check she'd written for us. My father and stepmother cast them all and kept them money for themselves. Despite this, I feel the same about my stepmother as I do about my father. She survived my father's violence into the best she could. I don't hold any harsh feelings towards her either. Tom and my mother never hit us. They were patient. Did their best appearance. Some severely abused young minds. They were abused and lived in Virginia Beach all along. But as I would learn everything happens for a reason. Never would made it through Buds. I had made it through eighth grade in entered green run high school where I lasted until my junior year. When my resting coach caught me smoking pot in the school bathroom. This caused my exposure. Is that a public school green run? That's actually a very cool game run. I started to get kicked out of that one. Shortly after being expelled, I had to run with the police. Comp us me with a bag of weed at the time. Any amount over an ounce was a felony. The cop grabbed the bag and said, is this an ounce? I said, yes, he opened the bag. Grabbed a pinch and chucked it onto the street. Then said, is this an ounce now? No, I replied. That cop saved me from a felony charge. I saved my life. I like to find that guy one day and thank him. It was a good cop trying to take care of his freaking knucklehead kid. I was like 14 or 15 years old. So from, so you can't do this. Almost 30 days in jail now. It's very learn how to play, uh, what would it? Peanuckle. Played out a play bunch of card games. Oh, man. So then you end up in space. That comes in handy on the on the ships. Once you're in the Navy, um, you ended up in the job core, which is like, you know, you're doing vocational training. Uh, that doesn't seem to work out to great. 1990 or 1980. You got a neighbor retired Navy diver who tells you you're going to end up dead or in jail. If you keep this up, you should join the seal teams instead. They'll pay you to do all the things you're doing to get in trouble right now. It was, it was getting good advice. And he totally saw it. He totally saw it. His kids were crazy in the me. Man, you know, there's that attraction of violence, man. And just may him when you're a kid. What was violence? It was just, you know, tying ropes and one tree and low on another one and sliding down on handlebars and just jumping over ridiculous jumps on our bikes. You know, smashing frames on the bikes and just stuff I wanted to admit to. And so, uh, you, you, you had down and you're going to join the Marines. I did. I tried to. And then you got rejected by the Marine Corps for having a GED. And I actually met a guy that was a recruiter back then. And that wasn't 88 or 89. And then they had a restriction. And they had to have a high school diploma. A GED wouldn't get you in. Which I'm, my guardian angels knew. I'd have done four years in Marine Corps. Yeah. I couldn't have done that. There's no way I couldn't have done that. Yeah. I mean, I like working with them. But pre 9-11. Marine Corps was a lot different. Yeah. Yeah. We didn't get along too well. Pretty non-11. The Marine Corps are a completely different environment. And, and, and, I mean, they do what they do. It's actually more, it's more dangerous than what we do. Yeah. And their day-to-day life is freaking, uh, a more Spartan life. You know, especially if you're an infantryman. Like, that's a troll contact. Yeah, it's a good song. We tell so much, YouTube. It's a little ghetto. I like the way to the air sleep. That's the goal. Um, You wrap up here saying, My childhood was not exactly idyllic, but it's what happened to me. And I'm very grateful for all of it. The wounds of my childhood trauma served as the foundation of some truly excellent resiliency training. That's a very positive way of looking at this spike. Resiliency is a condition responsible in emotional trauma and stress. It's a never ending process of understanding endurance evaluation acceptance and application that continues to help me get through some very difficult situations. Childhood trauma, especially the kind perpetrated by parents, can be some of the most damaging because it can cause children to feel unlovable. Some children who feel unlovable can become unlovable adults and some of those become unlovable parents thus repeating the cycle. The unlovable, live lonely tragic lives. If my hurts mistakes but weapons and insights can help you overcome yours, then this book has value for both of us. I'm not the only one with mommy and daddy issues. Check. I got some code of pregnancy shit going on. You know, I tell people, uh, I mean, we all got insecurities. I don't know, maybe seals got insecurities. I just wanted the most insecure people on the other side. And then I try and sodium hard. Yeah, I was glad to anybody know I'm weak here. I was laughing to the teams if someone says, Hey, you know, Mike, Mike, Dave's really good at a pair of shooting. Someone will chime in the back. Yeah, but he's slow runner. Yeah, you're very exactly what's going to lead you to, but running breeds cowardice. A bunch of cowards. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so now you go to bootcamp to Buds after signing on the dotted line. I spent the next six months working out. Do my best not to get trouble until I finally board the bus for maps and facility in southern Virginia. Maps is the waste station for all new military recruits. There I found myself part of an interesting blend of Americana, one that includes all shapes sizes, colors and temperatures of young men, women who are leaving for the civil, leaving the civilian world. Getting the first taste of the US military. You know what that's an accuracy because I went to great lakes. Well, there you go. I did have a writer with me on this that one that was all dudes up there. What about maps? Even even at maps. Yeah, they were sending all the women at the time to Orlando. Everybody goes to Great Lakes now. That place sucks. What is maps? Military entry processing station. So you actually enlist and you wait a period of time before you go. They just snatch you say you don't go out. Like do something else. They don't actually have you. Well, you're not under any kind of restriction or any kind of order under the UCMJ yet you sign a contract. And they give you a date that you're going to leave. So I was on the on and that's for like six months. I've talked to kids that then you know 18 months. They hit some kid in high school. You know, waiting for graduate. Get him young. I was 17 years old when I joined. I knew I was the guy. This is, I found this funny and this is also probably why you say that the Marine Corps wouldn't have worked out great for you over a long period of time. It's you say I never in my life wanted to quit anything more than I did Navy bootcamp. Missable. Bro. Yeah. I mean, there's a golden underwear. Oh, and great likes to January. Oh, get going forth. Five feet of snow 30 below. I hate the cold weather. I'd rather sweat. You and you said I think the company commander saw some potential me and knew that I was bored because I kept volunteering to wake up at 4 a.m. to do what most people dreaded. They decided to give me some extra responsibility. Made me the divisions recruit the divisions recruit mastered arms. I was like, you're for when I was going through bootcamp. I got made like a squad leader or something. I got fired from that one. Oh, bummer. You guys, well, I talked about it in the book. The guy wiped the bugger on my pillow and it right as the company commander was walking in the door. I punched him. Yeah, it's so that. So you got rolled back from the animation week of bootcamp. And then I get why I got rolled out of in Buds at a 166 and a 168 and I got rolled graduation week of 168. Just ironing to that. Then you made both made me cry. So you got rolled back in in bootcamp, which I didn't even know there was such a thing as getting rolled back in there. It was only one week though, which was cool. Oh, that's right because because you got a great lakeshore. But you still had to do that stupid passenger view all that margin. Well, nobody was coming to visit me for graduation. I got into that fight because you put a bugger home at the low. I did knock him out. I did knock that kid out. Well, he was not a kid. I was a kid. He was a lot older than me. And so I didn't have to do the passenger view. They just made me like a parking lot of tenant. I didn't want to do it anyway. All that practice. And we were in a Nazi company too. They all that flags. I remember those stupid flags for I don't even remember what they were for. I actually best marchers best, you fold your underwear the best. Yeah, this is not like I am very limited memories of boot camp. I hated it. Yeah, I know that I hated it. But I don't remember a lot about it. Remember like the highlights of it. Probably the biggest. I remember just remember shoveling snow. No, I definitely don't remember snowing snowing snowing. I remember sweating. I remember like sweat. A giant pool of sweat. I remember the space shuttle took off while we were standing out there. There was a space shuttle launch. That's totally cool. That was like that's cool. But don't remember much from boot camp. So you go from there to see school. And then you get orders. Get orders to go to the USS carol vinsen. Yeah, I which is my first set of orders were to. The carol vinsen via nukesyschool. No machine is made. So basically forever. That doesn't know. That means hello regular Navy. No no but no seal teams. And I got to watch those guys go through school there. That was at the same place. I was going through a school. There were a bunch of zombies. Like 12 hours a class. It's free. It's free. Yeah, that's a decent freaking hard job man. It's a freaking hard job. I got kicked out of a high school. I want to be a new guy. Whenever it was running your career. Consulting was not doing a great job. They should have been lined. You straight into the freaking buds. But then you did you this is kind of crazy. Go you like requested captains mass. No. I just went to his office. So that's even better. You didn't even request captain as you said. I'm going to go talk to the old man. Yeah, kind of liking you know, I grew to you know, What was her name that was up there for like longer than anybody was in the seal teams. The secretary. Yeah, I talked to the secretary and I was like, I got a problem with my orders. And I don't know how I got in there, but she let me get in there. And I think the guy was just amazed at some E2 who's coming to his office. Some food. I'm like real good. That's insane dude. And I told him, hey, like I passed the test for this screening test for buds. There was 50 of us only like 10 of us passed. I was told I was going to get this on my contract. And this is what I got. It was like, do you understand that you're not supposed to be doing it this way? That's kind of how to comment. I was like, I kind of played in between. I knew it was wrong. But I didn't care. Because there was no way. I was going to New York City School. So whatever I had to do, I was going to do it. And then the dude was cool and just said, alright, I need to care. I got beat a little bit, but on beat. Not like buds. Do you ever try to count? I'm going to push up. She didn't want to die and buds. And you get up to a thousand. Did you ever? I tried. Really. The 282 is hitting or 72's hitting the back of the head. Forget what you remember. He's I drove the child once. And this guy didn't make it through. He was such a big teddy bear cruise. Just couldn't run. And we were late for a child. And out of all twig and beetle. I was like, oh, we'll go get a child. So last was already on. So so now we're fast-wording the buds. We're jumping to buds. Oh, man. So this is first phase. This was. I can't even remember. So you put the brakes went out on the thing. The cross, the cross intersection at 75. So I crashed into that thing because my brakes go out. I only hit it like 25, 30 miles an hour. Both of us hit the windshield. Start the windshield. When she'll doubt in the middle of 75. As the buds class. And the instructors drive by us. And like, oh, God. 15, 180 camp body builders that weekend. That weekend. Both of us. We cheated. No, no, no. Yeah, sometimes you can't buy three. Sometimes you can't buy five. You can't do 15. I want to. We're doing. Did you just stand out of the first phase outside the first phase? Office or something. Just sit there. It was first. Yeah. It was right by the bell. How do you remember? Was it like, did you do like 750 a day or something like that? No, we just. When nobody was looking. I just. I just. Sometimes they sat in front of us. We can't buy one. As soon as they left, we're like. I've 105. Did you have any idea what you're getting into when you went to buds? Like what comprehension level did you add? I basically. Yeah, I heard it was going to be hard. And that's kind of a mindset of always. I've always gotten out of. And it works. I don't know if it worked for other people, but I always think it's going to be worse than it really is. So a lot of times it just hard to get started. Like how good of a win? I know you only were in high school for a couple of years. But how good of a how good. Well, did you I know you wrestled? I played football. I wrestled when I grew up. I played all sports soccer. I boxed a little bit. Hands of knockouts. I was just getting after it. I was always vicious. Just getting after it. I played basketball. Never really scored a point. My coach would just think, I'll foul that guy. So, so you had, so you had some good athletic background. Yeah, I liked playing sports. So you, but you had no knowledge of buds. Like, hey, not at all. Did you, did you think about? Like, I was, I was talk about, you know, when I was quote getting ready for buds. No idea what to expect. I just knew that you ran a lot and you swam a lot. So I ran a lot and I swam a lot. But I would do, you know, four sets of pull ups and be like, alright. You know, that was good workout. And it just had no idea that you were going to get the buds. And you were going to do hundreds of pull ups in an hour. Like more than you could count. Well, they do. Don't expect you to be able to turn a 14-month run when you show up. Yeah, it is for the rest of the year. Yeah. I think they're even getting smarter about it now. They're definitely getting smarter about it. But, um, I should have. And guys are the guys are getting smarter about it. I guess that's my point. People will abuse it too. What do you mean? You can only keep me in the water for 10 minutes because the buds. 58 degrees. When do you think that chart became a thing? Uh, after us. We're, are you being serious? Like, do you think it is after us? Because I, it is for us. Yeah, I mean, they were just, it was no freaking rules. They probably looked at the student body as a curve. And if somebody won the I put their me on the OK, I mean, me the take about. I remember that part. I remember them walking down the line and being like, You can hear me like, I feel like this is pretty good. They shine the flashlight. Yeah, I'm never going to get this guy's get nip in. But if no, if you didn't hear that, then it's like back in the water. And they would just keep you doing that until someone started getting hypothermia. Maybe two people started getting hypothermia. Then they'd be like, on to the next evolution. There wasn't no graph that they were following. No, they do now. I think it's good. There's good and bad to it. I wish the students didn't know it. That's part of the game. Not knowing. And you also met your wife while you were in fourth phase of the old fourth phase. Because it was your, basically, standing might a class up. I don't know what they call it now. Fourth phase. It's still called fourth phase. So you were there, which is weird. And that's when you, you met your future wife. And then rolling into first phase. Drown proofing. You can't rescue swimmer life saving. Yeah. So I did work with the writers. So some of the stuff is, is changed a little bit. It's a whole process to go into this. What is that word program? That you got to use when you're editing. Sometimes somethings just get by. Like, man, I can't figure this program. Yeah, it's, uh, it's the plus when you look at something over and over again. You're just going to miss stuff and happens. Well, and when you work with us today and stuff that they think is interesting. Uh, is, I'm like, do you want to talk about this? Check. So there was something that the guy worked with, uh, felt was interesting. And, and he get the proper terminology. And because to me, drown proofing was, we didn't lose many people to that. Yeah, drown proofing. Drown proofing was pretty easy. You mean, you lost a few of the guys. Yeah. There's a few guys in not tying. Lose a few guys and the writers were in the water swam. We did lose a few guys in life saving. Because life saving was so interesting. Because it was a subjective thing where they could look at a guy and be like, hey, this guy, we don't like this guy. They're just trying to drown. Yeah. And then they've gone to drown you and you, they don't like you. Because they have that power. Um, team, do the whole waste push and go down there and tug on or shit and make them comply. It's a scrap. For sure. It is. I mean, that's what they described. You don't let them grab onto you. You got to get them away from you and sometimes you got to hurt them. They're going to get punched to the gut. You know, they'll calm them down. They definitely, they're going to live. There were some guys that do what they just weren't going to make it. You know, like a guy that they didn't like or whatever had a bad attitude or they thought it was a punk. You're one going to get out of the water. Those people have a history too. It's not just one evolution. It's a third pet of four performance. Yeah. I think that it seems like there's, you think there's structure about that now where there's less subjectivity. Or you think it's the same. Well, I would just have to say that I know there's some things that have changed. And a lot of guys we like, I think buddhist easier. But the attrition rates the same. Yeah. So they're not making any more seals. No. I mean, even with a class that's twice the size, I mean, we would start with like 125 guys to get 20. Mm. Now they're starting with 200 something. Yeah. Well, I think they start with 165 and they still get whatever whatever. They're still only getting percent of that as. They're still only getting that. It's still 75% of nutrition. So it's still. I don't think it's any easier than it used to be. No, I think it's not. I think it's not. I talked to friends that are down there. They're like, no, it's not easier. The other thing that's like one of the evolution might be different that's like, for instance, when I went through we had 272s. They're not as buoyant as the 28. So it was a little bit harder to tread water with those damn tags because they're steel. And they weren't as in buoyant. They know what else they wear on like lightweight boots now, not jungle boots, not old school jungle boots. That was a difference too. That when I was going through is everything was in boots. Yep. They were getting ready to transition to the shoes. So the times were different. And almost didn't translate. You know, going from boots and then lowering the times because you're in sneakers. It was almost hard. Yeah. I just know we wore boots. And then when I eventually picked up what they started wearing, I was like, Oh, that's way nicer. Yeah. They were going to shameless those garbage new balance, which gave me shin sports. Oh, just the running shoes. Yeah. Like when you, they didn't. My legs were better off in boots than running sneakers. Mm-hmm. The sneakers hurt me more. So it was what a 710 pace. That's not bad. And boots. Yeah. But the thing, that's the other thing that's, what is it? The thing that's deceiving about buds is they go, hey, it's only a 32 minute 4 mile time run. That's an 8 minute mile when you first get there. You go, oh, that's why I can get that no problem. Just in two miles from this morning. You just do miles from the 288. And then it's five miles. Just five miles to go to Chow three times a day. You run five miles every day just to eat. Yeah. And not to mention that 4 mile time run. Eight four miles. I don't know what they do now. But I know that we're tied to our run as far as I could. I wouldn't be able to I would be like barely passing. Well, they do that to every class. Yeah. They have that one run that's long. So everybody fails. It's my game. We were doing the five mile time run. And that extra mile was so much harder exponentially. Just to put out for that much longer, just one mile. And they actually had to get rid of that because it was injuring people. And a lot of people were failing it. Crazy. That's what they were paying me on trying to get me kicked out. But I brought it watch. That was passed. Yes. So how did that happen? So you brought a watch because that's another thing that's hard. You don't know. You don't know. And we were running in the U.T. So what phases is this? Do you remember? This is third phase, which was die phase back then. And so you failed one run? He was failing me on all and everybody behind me. Okay. So you had a B for the instructor? With, and we're not going to mention names, but he was the phase officer. And, you know, you know, the game that used to be played there in room inspections. I mean, you're going to fail. You're going to get went and Sandy. And he was in front of me and he was like, why do you have all this stolen equipment in your locker? I don't know what you're talking about. So he's talking about like extra knives, duties, and CO2's garbage. Right. And I was like, I don't have any of that stuff in my locker. I was just up there. And the conversation just got to the point where he was like, well, one of the two things is happening. And you're lying or I'm lying. I was like, well, it's not me, so it must be you. But it wasn't like a disrespectful thing. I was answering a damn question. I was just answering his question. He said one of the one of the two things is happening. What is it? I was like, well, it's not me. It must be you. Damn. E2. To a narcissistic lieutenant. Yeah, at the time. That's freaking crazy. You had like, you had more balls than me going through. But that wasn't balls. I was just answering a question. I don't know, man. I don't know if I would have said, I didn't eat me. I guess it depends on how you said it, too. It was not coming from a place to disrespect. I was just totally answering the damn question. You were just like, I'm not lying. I'm not lying. It's you. You asked. I'm answering your questions. So he didn't like that. And so now he kind of had it out for you. And then he's sick that guy we were talking about earlier on me. So he started just harassing me. You know, third phase was a lot of classroom. You know, dive physics and all that garbage. But every break I was getting went and Sandy doing poems, doing push-ups. He was just beating me up and then he started failing me on the runs. And I told him I didn't look. I think I actually named him guy named Doc Flynn. Oh yeah. I went and told him I was like, hey, look, I brought a watch. They're failing me. I'm passing these things by like two minutes and they're failing me. And everybody behind me. That's kind of a weird move because you were breaking the rules. Well, I had to. Yeah, I know, but that's a weird move, man. That's weird move to be the one who's done it though. Yeah, I went and talked to the commanding officer. Yeah, dude. Like I said, you got more balls than I had. I just didn't know any different. Yeah. I wasn't doing it because I thought it was having balls. I was just, I don't know how else to get out of this. Fix this. So you're not allowed to bring a watch. And you brought a watch. You timed yourself. Yeah, I tied it to the, I remember the buckles on the 80s. Yeah. I tied it to a piece of like 550 cords. I'm gonna hang it down there. Cool. And so you pat, and how did you sync the loud doc Flynn as the guy that you would trust? He was just one of the guys in the phase that really never beat us up for no reason. He seemed like a fair dude. Yeah, I mean, there was two kinds of instructors there. There was guys hiding out that never really did anything. And then there was guys that back in those days too. There was a whole lot going on. But guys that were operational that just needed a break. So, you know, some of them just beat us up just because they thought they were the gay keepers. You know, kind of like going to some of these armors schools. I'm the gay keeper. We have to have an iteration rate. I mean, I'm gonna make sure you go through something that's hard as I used to. Or I did because their fish story is, Buds was a lot harder when I went through. And this guy was a skinny little punk. But he later got a minister and he separated. That was something else he'd done. So, the car was a bitch. Yeah. So then, but Doc Flynn was like, alright, cool. And then he ran the next run. And he said, I'm gonna run run run the pace. And if you finish in front of me, he passed. Doc Flynn legit. So he ran it. And this was a five-mile time run, which they got rid of. He came across the finish line and you know what happens when you're the cutoff guy. How many times can you be the cutoff guy every day on time? Yeah. Now, that's one of my LPO's who you know. He probably, you know, when I used my first LPO. And I was like, coming out of Buds and asking him, Buds questions, like, did you ever, were you ever in the Goons squad? And he was, I was the cutoff of the Goons squad. He said every single run, he was kind of like the Goons squad. You know what? That was the only time I got into the Goons squad to the whole time through Buds. But was all those time runs. And what I was good at was winning that first race. And you see, you get secured from the Goons squad. Yeah. So then, so then what happened? Uh, well, he came across the finish line. And when you're cut off for the Goons squad, you get sent to the water. And that's where you wind up when you fail that run. He comes across, you know, a couple minutes after we finished and we're getting hammered. And he was like, what's going on with those guys? And he was like, well, they all failed. And Flynn was like, I just did it. I just passed it. They're like two minutes in front of me. Um, but it got hidden because I went to a review board and still got rolled back. I got rolled back. That was graduation week. And I got rolled back to Dragherface. At least I didn't have to do the open circuit garbage again. Yeah, this was when this was when die phase was third phase. When I went through a year or two later, die phase was second phase because they still get rid of a lot of guys during die phase. Yeah, it's that to me. I thought it was the hardest phase. Die phase? Yeah. Yeah, I think I think that's why they moved it to that. Well, we lost more people there. We don't lose people in line warfare. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I got to be pretty stupid. I think we lost two guys. Yeah, we pretty stupid. Yeah. One of the guys was a good dude. I think he did something that they didn't like. And they got rid of them. He was an officer too. Personal. Yeah. I don't happen. Crazy. That's a pretty critical community. It self-regulates though. We're those. Indeed. And then where do you at? SQT. Did you go through, you went through STT? Right? Well, it was kind of a weird one. It wasn't. SQT like it is now. It was kind of thrown together at the team. Yeah, because you went to team through it. Yeah, but they cooperated with the other teams. So I went through whatever they go. I think it was called STT. It's done. And it was just, because we had training cells at each of the teams and they would run it. Yeah. So we were meshed together with team 1-3-5. And it was kind of ad hoc. And then they jammed us into bulltoons and the bulltoons pretty much still care of us. We didn't have our tridents back then. Either guy showed up at the teams now with the tridents. We actually had a different NEC when we was at a 53-20-20. Yeah. Then it was up to your bulltoons to decide when you got it. Well, they started giving the guys tridents in SQT. So they'd show up to the team. Guys were taking the new guys that showed up with their tridents and making him pay him. Painting him blue for him. They're in there. But they still kind of kept the tradition. Like you can go back in the bulltoons now. The bulltoons with the new guys. So like you don't get your trident even though it's been put in your admin record. We're not going to give it to you until we say it's. And then they'll have like the fish tank or you've seen one of those pack man frogs. I've seen a pack man frog with all the tridents in it. They got to keep the frog alive. Oh, that's legit. It's a fun community. Yeah. And there's, you know, you talk about some of the fun in the community. That's college I ever went to. Yeah. Some of the fun of the community which is called hazing. You're a tolerance that never happens. Yeah. Yeah. I see that's a good thing about hazing. Especially probably now also. I know there's a zero tolerance and it doesn't happen. But if you don't get hazed, they don't like you. They don't trust you. Yeah. So if you get hazed, you know, like I'll get this guys. So it's like a privilege. Thank you, sir. Can I have another? Okay. There ain't a nothing in her. Not a noffy yet. One of the things you said here is you're getting your bird. And this all sounded good. I just, this brought back memories. The, the commanding officer was the last guy to pounded my tried and he had a big grin on his face as he approached. He pulled the tried and out of my body. Because this is after you, we want to get your tried and, you know, well, we still quarters. Two. Yeah. I don't know who paid, I thought so. I think it was my cartoon commander. But though anyways, the whole team freaking lines up and pounds that thing into your chest. You know, though, that doesn't hurt. Yeah. I mean, well, okay, maybe didn't hurt you. I mean, I mean, the punch, but you actually feel the prongs after the first eight. You know, you're bleeding. But then, but then, guys start pulling it out. Oh, it's a little crooked, Jocko. And they get you again. Bad hurts worse. But what I like, yeah, it's got like those little nubs on the end of the world. It's a little wiggits attached to. Yeah. When you pull it out, you can feel it pulling your chest. Coming out. But you say you're commanding officer. He pulled the tried and out of my body straight. Did like he was fixing it up a bent nail. Then he placed it on my chest and slowly pushed it back in. That hurts worse. I was going to say that's freaking good times from the old man, right? There. That's the back of the days where the back 40 was. We're out of two adjustments. We're made. Yeah. Now you're going on peacetime deployment. You say this. My peacetime deployments took me around the globe. Asia, Middle East, Egypt, Kuwait, Japan, Korea, Guam, points beyond. And in between, connecting joint, country, country, training. All my deployment to Bahrain. We patrol the Persian Gulf and forcing oil embargoes. We would board oil tankers that were in violation of various infractions. Most of the time, the infractions that they didn't identify themselves because they're radioed in work. We were catchers. We were catch tankers bearing the Iranian flag. Filled with embargoed Iraq oil. All sorts of shenanigans going on. So would you do four deployments? What'd you do in that first run at team three, four, four? And the first one was Southeast Asia. That was like right after the Gulf War. Would you go to the PI? I went to the PI. Yeah. So then I think your network happened so fast. We couldn't get there. Then you end up, you're, it looked like you were going to go to Buds and be an instructor. Yeah. But you actually had orders. You had orders to Buds. And then what, what, how did you, how did you hear about the Leap Frog trial? I was just by chance. And I only had like 30, 35 jumps. That's insane. I had no idea what I was doing. That's insane. I mean, those guys, at that time, had thousands of jumps. Well, there was, there was some guys on that team that had, what was that program? We used to have our own, what we still do, the original freeball program that we had. Which is the military freefall that was out. Like three something, three M3T. I can't remember about it. But it was our own program out there at El Saito. That's, that's untrue. Yeah. You know, so a lot of those instructors were on the team with me. Dwight Saito, the anti crowd handle, Oh, Glagiacs, they all had a couple thousand plus jumps. Yeah, those guys, I'm talking about like they were freaking out. 30. So you decided, hey, what the hell, I'll go get a bunch of jumps in. I know, I was making it. I was thinking, I got like 45 jumps, try outs with the cool parachute. And then you ended up making it. Yeah, well, it was freaking crazy. Glagiac told me he could teach a monkey to fall out in their plane to be out in the bananas. That was, I didn't think I was going to make it. I thought I was going to bust. And I really didn't want to. The jump team was, was some of the most fun I had. Probably one of the most dangerous jobs I had until combat. Yeah, the jump team at that time, man, they were pushing the envelope hard core. Yeah, we had some injuries. We had a death when I was on the, on the jump team. I remember I was doing like my, whatever my jumps to get my gold wings. When I first got the team, like I didn't, I tried it, but they sent me down to the freaking brown field to go get some jumps. And the jump team was jumping. And they did like a down, I'd never seen a free fall person in my life. Never seen a free fall jump. And I landed and got my shoot all packed up or whatever. And then income the leap frogs. And they did a down plane. They were going to thousand miles an hour as far as I could tell. And I, they were so straight down. And I, I could hear them say break. Yeah. And I was like, holy shit. This is insane. We had a guy. Sheed himself. He broke too low and went into this stadium, which at the time was Jack Murphy. That was a long time ago. It was. And he hit like four seats and ripped them out of the ground. Those things are bolted into the crown and the crown creed. And he walked away from it. Yeah, it was Tommy Markey. Yeah, which is no Tommy. Yeah, yeah. You could hit that dude upside the head with a bat. What a beast. He's gone now. He's going to be. Couldn't hurt him. Yeah, no, that's what I mean. He's just a monster. And nice. That he's there too. Yeah. You got this little section here. While we were falling towards your three guys doing all kinds of crazy jump. And while we're falling toward the earth, another guy and I had to crawl out from underneath canopies to clear airspace. So you guys were doing crew relative work. You're all freaking wrapped up. I can't say exactly how fast we were falling as we were as there were fully and partially inflated parachutes, but even slowly falling out of the sky can be deadly. I was still recovering from the tear of my first cut away when my second happened a few days later. Me and another guy got tangled up and caught in the helicopter spin. The deployment bag retraction system on the tops of our parachutes and somehow got entangled together. We were twirling around opposite each other, falling. He was looking directly at me and I and him and we yelled back and forth at each other. Cut away. No, you cut away. Like the world's most high-stit game of rock paper scissors he won and I cut away. He's a good long time friend of mine. He's a big pussy. He should have cut away. He was scared. I don't even know how that happened. How you guys got all wrapped up? I know how the wrap happened, but our parachutes got connected to each other was ridiculous. Those are canopy relative work parachutes. Usually when you open a parachute there's a trailing pilot sheet. While on those because you're doing career you don't want that stuff trailing. It has a retraction system on a three-ring retraction system. It pulls it up to the top skin of the parachute. And that's what got connected on both of ours. It was a wrap. We were doing like eight man stack rotations. Guy peels off the top and flies all the way to the bottom. That's how it started. And you get into a wrap like five six dudes. Some get shot out. And some get wrapped up. And everybody broke out of that and we were just stuck. And did it happen on film? No, because we, you know what, back then. There was no such thing as a girl GoPro. GoPro. I mean, guys were still taken. I think I remember going from Paul Robinson was one of our camera guys. And he had this giant enormous freaking. When he opened those spares, you got the whole this head. His, his, his, his head down because he had all this weight up there. Break his neck. Now they used to jump. It wasn't film. So I think we had a high eight, which is a pretty large camera. It's not GoPro. Any clown can jump a clope. So, uh, that blow tubes on the camera. You had to take a picture. Oh, that was like a radical. That's how you, uh, take a fire. Oh, no kidding. You'd have to start the camera before you went out. But the still camera because they would have a video and a, and a still and they had a blow tube. You have to blow into the tube to take a picture. And then you had a radical here. I remember seeing guys jump those little radicals. So they do wear their aim. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah, you guys were pushing the envelope back then with the, with the jump team. You did three years there and then you go back to the teams. And would you go, did you go to, you went to East Coast? I wanted to teammate. What year was that? Uh, 99. Check. And you, and that was Kosovo. Yeah, I was going to say you rolled on there. Um, NATO was allied with the ethnic Albanian forces and we were tasked with working with NATO to assist them in apprehending suspected to war criminals and keeping eye out on the movements of various warring, foreign factions. Kosovo was a real world test. We would do 72 hour special reconnaissance missions in rugged terrain full of natural man made threats. We did 25 S.R. missions in six months averaging about one a week with one day of prep three days on a debrief on the other end. It was a kick in the butt deployment. And conventional forces don't react to anything inside of 72 hours. Yeah. It's better to sit around. Yeah. That's, that's still. At that time doing real missions was awesome. Well, we thought that was the game. For sure. For sure. You can't bond still. You can get the restrictions that they had on the guys out there. It was ridiculous. I mean, they had to put, rigorous tape over their magazine. Well, they had to put rigorous tape over their magazine. Um, who? Everybody that was out there were supposed to do that. We didn't do it. Um, I mean, it's not unusual to have. They had to do to had an idea at the front gate with a 50 cal. Okay. But that's their clearing process. At the end, they pulled the trigger. Yeah. Yeah. Why do you kind of pull the trigger to clear and save a weapon? Well, at least you got it. I hope you had to point in the safe direction. He did. Okay. We'll think it. You ever seen a 50 cal sheet 10 feet in front of you? Uh, I'm pretty impressive. So that's 99 come back from that point. Again, I'm skipping a bunch of stuff here. Really cool information about what those deployments were like. That's why people got to buy the book to get some of those details. Jump and head a little bit. Uh, reported to Naval Special Warfare Group 2 training Detachment on September 8th, 2001. New instructor role be there for two years. That was the week. 9 11. Yeah. I was going to say September 11. So you just check in to trade at. Nobody wanted to go there. Of course not. When. When did you start the model now? When did you uh, what were you teaching? I kind of bounced around. I got over there. Did all the air stuff. Uh, at first. Then I didn't land warfare. And uh, CQC. I just kind of bounced around all the way to the place. Yeah. I mean, trade at has become such a great place to develop seals. I mean, it really is. And back in the day, like when when you and I first got to the team, I don't know one wanted to be in training cell. And I did. They all got it. They all weren't. Yeah. They did. They did. They did. They all mashed a team. That's one master. So you couldn't figure out what the mashed team did in the seal teams. Yeah. I'll tell you. I got some good advice from some of those old mashed. She's in one officer's that would say, like, hey, if you want to learn this stuff, you've got to go teach it. Yeah. And I was lucky enough to go into training cell at CQC. One spent a couple years there. And it was, I did. I learned. I figured out the other day I had made some estimate, like 50% of what I learned in the entire teams was was working for whatever it was. Three years or two and a half years in training cell at CQC. One. And what's in 10 groups do the same thing? 10 groups do that. What the teaching teaching junior officers that are going through STT, how to do an eye-ad. Like how what to react in these different situations and then watching them and seeing the mistakes they make. That was 40% of what I learned. Another big chunk of what I learned was when I was a trade-at later on. You know, same thing. You're teaching guys. You're watching them do it. You're seeing the mistakes. They make. You're putting them through drills. You're seeing the same platoons go through the same training. Evolutions. What the leaders do. What mistakes they make. So yeah, going into training cell and training attachment is a great step. And it's a great system now because guys go they, you know, they get there and E5 and then they go there. They make E6 and then they go in there and put two now peel. They just got done teaching the stuff man. They're ready. They're almost the time. Well, they're getting there a little bit faster than we used to also. Yeah. Yeah, it's a little it's way more formalized the way it all works now, which is freaking Good for them. Well, I just left trade-at. I was a contractor there. Well, when I left the care coalition after seven years, I went to teach in military Freefall, head and injury and then went to CQC south. Yeah. And it was interesting seeing guys that when I was the platoon chief are now like leaders. They're a member. Guys, it was a little re-six. When I was a platoon chief, for now master chiefs and some of the new guys are doing their Platoon chief slot and was fun to watch and watch them go through and it's always terrified too. When I was doing my platoon chief slot, you know, like I said, we have Aaron security. I didn't want anybody to get hurt. I want to make sure I provided everything that the guys needed. They used to tell me when I started the micromanage, hey, chief get out of my back pocket because you can't manage all that crap. And quite honestly, the words guys that were more experienced that were junior to me when I was in charge. And then you just got to know when you know what you don't let the people that are more experienced, you know, take those reins. Yeah, and you got to be, you got to have a confidence in your leadership that you know, oh, you're, hey, you've done this sort of thing before you run it. No fact or no problem. Good to go. Oh, my crommandaging hurts. Oh, yeah. I'm just freaking, it's a disaster, a lot of hours. Uh, so um, so then you get done with trade at, you go to team four, your, your, you go, you go on deployment. Where'd you go? Baghdad? Oh, yeah. You go, you go into Baghdad. I know you got to do some team four at the time was actually, they had nine details. Which was huge. Nobody nobody in the field teams wanted to do the PSD. Yep. So yeah, for people that don't know, one of the major taskings at the SEALteams got in 2005. It's the 4500. I think it's 4500. The 42500. Everyone got the job to protect the senior leadership of the new Iraqi government. Everyone. Well, not everyone. But a whole bunch of people wanted to kill those guys. The people that got the job to protect him was the seal teams So that's what you know you did in then of course. There's a whole lot of things that that are that are wrapped up and doing that because If you're proactive about it that means we're gonna go try and capture bad guys or kill bad guys that might be trying to target our people We're also doing intelligence gathering. We're going out and figuring out who's trying to kill these people? That's a great setup. That's what I did. Yeah, I didn't do the actual entering your protection I was far outering looking for threats that were going after targets within those PSDs. Yeah, yeah, and we had nine and they all want every everyone of those politicians I want my Navy Seals We don't want to work with you people Yeah, that was a harsh harsh one harsh pill to swallow for a lot of guys. I got lucky I was it started right after I left and it ended before I came back Well, I think it all got turned over there. There's actually military units that that's what they do. Yeah, we got turned over to them Yeah You did have some good times on that when here we go. We were speeding down the road and slid do a left turn as soon as we we made the corner I nearly smashed into a makeshift roadblock We must have been moving too fast as we caught the roadblock construction crew off guard. We still had there Who still had their AK strapped to their backs? The friends at all taken up positions on the right side of the road and had their weapons trained on us ready to shoot Is we spring it around the corner and split second the construction crew found themselves in a very awkward position pinned between us Their friends and their friends who wanted to shoot us in the confusion. We managed to get the jump on them the lead humvee Was equipped with a mini gun those things are all I never we never got it. I know I have to use a certain level of reverence when I say that because it is so awesome to have a mini gun on on there And the gunner had the reflexes of a mongous 40 feet away the targets and their rifle-wielding friends I had a front row seat to the action when the gunner opened up on all of them I had not seen a mini gun in live combat before so I was a little surprised by what happened next By the way, there's nothing mini about a mini gun. It's a pedestal mounted six barrel road Remachine gun that chooses many a 6,000 rounds of 7.62 by 51 every minute and the bull is about the size of a triple-A battery But let's spit so fast fast out of the gattling style rotating barrels that it look like a red laser beam And sound like the mating call of some bizarre prehistoric bird The first volleyable it's hit one guy in the chest as he practically vaporized and a bird burst of red mist As this was going on about 50 yards up the road and another enemy fighter popped up and fired an RPG directly at the lead humvee The one that was firing the mini gun. I couldn't see the RPG but I saw the humvee 10 feet in front of me lift up drop back down with a crash and catch on fire The gunner didn't even flinch. He just kept on shooting in 30 seconds the 25 or so ambushers including the RPG Triggerman had all been killed and were all red piles of flesh spread over the street when it was Overweigh secured the area salvaged what we could from the still burning humvee and then destroyed it with a thermite grenade The mini gun turned 25 human beings into shredded flesh and less than a minute that was quick. I thought And then I felt weird because the next thought I had was that was awesome Awesome because we did not get killed then because the power of the mini gun It was this was the first time I had seen people in the process of dying But it was not the first time seeing dead people my life and training it prepared me for these situations My constant inoculation of violence and stress made what would have been Grow task and unbearable to many and acceptable situation to me my trauma had conditioned me to accept the unacceptable That's what war does it changes the way you view the world. I found no pleasure whatsoever in killing the enemy However, this was an outcome of war Everyone at some point was someone's child, but that thought is lost in war The most profane aspects of war is that it deletes the humanity from humans It's pretty much forget about everything you believe You know, you're not thinking about that when you're in a gunfight. Do the allergy religion Political whatever sticks Dude's trying to kill me I'm gonna work on him You get home from that deployment and then Then then you did that when you get rolled into doing a platoon chief? Yeah Do you work up How's it work up? well The work up prior is pretty interesting Because I interfaceed with all the guys that were going to be in the platoon was a platoon chief and I remember breaking one of the guys nods on right before and up He didn't know it was gonna be a platoon chief. He kind of cheered me out I was like, Dave, don't put your stuff on the ground. I want stuff on it I did feel stupid about that but the work up is you know pretty pretty standard we were on an 18-month cycle I think on that one I think it was 18-month cycle so it's a year long work up you know broken up into three into three parts You know, pro-to-have everybody going to schools um and ULT just doing all the standard T-C-C-South Air did you guys know that you were going to Iraq when you hadn't formed up? We were kind of the bastard children too everybody was looking for the shiny object Not the time that was some task force and We got what was Thought to be the least of the shiny best deployments which was fulusa And they the guys that were there weren't doing anything But we worked different we worked intel different than they did and we were really busy And I did 140 DAs on that deployment which is Talked the guys in the sealed teams to do 100 DAs on the deployments unheard of And then on top of that Teaching medical classes to the military units that there the you know second fourth Iraqi army brigade and Teaching tactics and how to patrol and trying to work with the mid teams It's you know When you run a target for your regular job it's kind of hard to come and be a mid team and in full use of proper Yola and run a military unit especially when I don't speak English Because their standard of work is not what No, it is not And I was one of the hardest things for us to get to was we when we first got there we we had these expectations that they were going to get to the level that we were at least close and That's just not gonna happen you got to see okay this right here This is what we wanted to be at but right here's got to be acceptable It's kind of like you're us over there. Yeah, you got to definitely adjust your standards in a real big way Yeah, but it's kind of cool because I'm thinking about you know your last Your previous deployment where you were kind of gathering a lot of intel and stuff like that and then you roll out because As you know we drive our own operations and if you can make you can find intel and you can put it together You can put up a target package. Let's go hit it, you know That's you know to get that to get a bunch of DA's down like that. It's not the sexy thing to do the hard part It's getting the target packages put it together the fun parts going out and hitting almost team guys I just just show me what door. I don't even care to show me what the door It's a lot harder to get the information so you're on this deployment you're doing all these DA's And now we're gonna get into April 2007 Northeast of Felicia when the shooting stopped I was still on the floor lying on my left side So this is picking up where we started the this whole This whole podcast out When the shooting stopped I was still on the floor lying on my left side I pushed myself up to my knees I don't remember hearing any the gun fire, but now the sounds began to register in my ears The two men who had stacked up directly behind me in my room clearing train where our Iraqi scouts The second man in our train took around to his chest plate and An knocked him clear out to the foyer. Ironically that round may have saved his life He'd originally been with an arms length behind me as we'd entered the room the third man in my stack Had been shot as he entered the room an AK 47 rounds smashed through his bulletproof chest plate He'd fallen dead in the doorway The chance factor was insane once fired a bullet can be unpredictable the internal milling of a gun's barrel causes bullets to Spin and flight some bullets will begin to tumble through the air at low speeds while others are designed to tumble in cartwheel after hitting a target Which can cause some brutal damage It's likely that we were all hit by the same type of bullets at nearly the same time shot from the same gun But the damage to each of us was significantly different a balance of my room clearing train five or six other guys hadn't been able to get in the room because of all the volume of fire I moved from my knees and stood to my feet I felt like there were 200 pounds on my back. I took off my helmet and used the white light on my damage pistol to survey the room One of our other Iraqi scouts entered the room. He had been behind Clarkey and followed him into his room The bullet that hit Clark bypassed all three of the Iraqi scouts stacked up behind him These three made into Clarkey's room and a gotten trapped in the back of the house when the shooting started The scout had been part of the original group of ten recruits who had been with us since the first day. He spoke decent English and gave me a report One seal killed an action One Iraqi scout killed an action two detainees and six women and children At this point I actually didn't realize that they had left It didn't register yet We started getting reports about what had happened during this I just remember thinking this is just This is just a pure insanity A lot of guys felt guilty for leaving me in there But I had to talk to a lot of guys like we didn't do anything wrong that Nobody saw me going there you guys followed protocol that we would always follow You didn't blow up the house because you didn't have a full head count did that right You know so everybody did everything right and I don't know I in a study sometimes with a knee jerk reactions that we would have to Try to make everything as safe as possible which we're good at but even if you do something Everything's right bad things can happen you just can't you know Can't minimize all the threats to the point where there's no more threat you just can't do it and you can also do really dumb things and make big mistakes and everything turns out perfect You know and you can do everything perfectly things go wrong Perfect plan goes to shit in the first 30 seconds right Rewinded a little bit this is what you said It was surreal like something out of a movie time slowed down almost to a stop and everything happened in super slow motion Almost as if I were watching a scene unfold frame by frame Second scene like minutes a slow motion torn a bullets flew at me I could clearly see all the bullets coming at me I had total auditory exclusion there were no sounds I'd never been shot before so I had no idea how it felt in this strange slow motion scene I had a mental conversation with myself hey am I actually getting shot right now? It occurred to me that those sledjammers smashing all of my body will bullets hitting me one after another It was in this moment that I said my first real prayer God please get me home to my girls My wife and two young daughters were halfway around the world in that instant I felt them and they felt me I felt like a bullet dodging character in the movie the matrix only it wasn't dodging any of the bullets They were hitting me my rifle shot out of my hands bullets whizzing past my head hammered into the men entering the room behind me even as I continued to penetrate down the left wall Nobody else in my train would be able to make entry as all four of the enemy continued to fire directly into what is known as the fatal funnel The dimly lit doorway in which I was standing The enemy bullets triggered my rage and drove me to act it was then that my body became Became my mind and took over I suppose that's what habit is when somebody when the body over rides the mind and acts without specific Instructions from the brain my right hand instinctively reached down from my secondary weapon epistol My hand was on autopilot as unhooked the rubber strap I'd fastening to keep my pistol secure and with a fluid push Food forward push and pull very same motion. I had done a hundred thousand times in training my weapon release from my holster I aim my pistol engaged the enemy fighter directly opposite me down the left wall. He was glaring at me with his weapon throwing rounds directly at me I returned fire four or five rounds from my weapon in caught him in the face and chest as he stared at me His head jilted back. I saw the life leave his eyes like a light going off. I knew he was dead as he melted into a pile in front of me I landed next to the dead man on my left years of training and muscle memory without any direct orders from my brain Lifted my arm arched it and aim my pistol at a young male figure Maybe in his early 20s as he stood up and moved toward the doorway. I was still on the floor when I watched him pull a hand grenade from the front of his vest and pulled a pin My right hand pointed at him my index finger squeeze the trigger. I saw the bullets exit my pistol and spin clockwise as they flew toward him Leaving a green vapor trail in their wake. I watched my bullets punch into one side of his head and exhaust a blood and brain Matter instantly exiting out the other side I shot him dead as he attempted to sue his side mission to run out in the four-year with a live grenade where my fellow seals and Iraqi Scouts had stacked up attempting to enter the room My rounds drop them in his tracks as he fell forward. I saw the grenade release from his hand and rolled toward me then it detonated This is crazy one of our newly arrived seals from team 10 so these are the guys that just showed up this probably this kid's first op Yeah, but he was he was to pull to him. Oh, okay, so he was good to go One of the newly arrived First night the still in the first night One of the newly arrived seals from team 10 was outside under the carport looking into the rooms only window when he saw my bullets enter the enemies head He watched as the enemy fell the ensuing grenade blast shattered the window sprang shards of glass into my teammates face This was his first mission on Iraq a new way to stop great-day and wait and start a new job Grenade blast knocked me unconscious when I woke a few minutes later I was fully lucid and lying on my left side looking across the room at two men both were firing their weapons over my head out the window directly above me The grenade blast had twisted my helmet rendering my night vision goggles unusable The light from their muzzle flashes and the dim glow of the gas lamp and the foyer were enough to clearly illuminate the men standing no more than 10 feet away from me I heard no sounds it was totally silent. I was in a very bad place in the middle of a gun flight If the enemy caught a glimpse of me glaring up at them all it would take for them to finish me off with both of them to point down pull their triggers and unload high velocity bullets into me If I could clearly see them then they could see me too for an instant I thought about playing dead, but in that same millisecond before the thought could be fully evaluated My anger rejected it outright I'd never been so angry a feeling of determined ruthless rage It seemed to be stored up somewhere deep inside me and something just snapped in that moment my rage consumed me my world closed in and nothing else Matter to me, but destroying the two men standing still in front of me. I would fight back and kill them before they killed me Other crazy thing about this is there were some holes in me that don't line up like I could two holes in my back You think they shot you in your unconscious. That's the only thing I can come up with I had two rounds in my back that's shattered my right scapula and there's no holes in the body armor So I think they took the pistol and shoved it in there and then they shot me twice in the butt On the way I got shot in the butt. It's someone stood over top of me. I don't know why they didn't put one in my head Should have looked at the helmet more Maybe they tried to shoot me to head and the helmet just got in the way but This this round right here Four months after the incident this is around your wearing round your hatched. It's a non-milled round And I got shot in a butt with and I didn't know about it that it was still in me until I went to a Procedure to get a stint pulled out of my bladder four or four and a half months later and They took an X ray of it and came back in X ray of tech was like hey, you know, there's a bullet in your head That's how I found this bullet But the way the hip is you know that that arch right there So it was right there and it From 2007 to like two years ago is in a chiropractor and he took some X-rays and it had moved Then he took a side profile and it was literally at the service of my stomach and then we had that some headaches cut it out We thought it was gonna take like five minutes. I'll show you the pictures God video of them cutting out in the back of the suburban. Oh, there you go proper dinner break proper surgery Going back to this I didn't know it at the time, but I was lying unconscious on the floor while I was lying on Conscious on the floor my CLT made to where outside the door of the room trying to get a shot at the enemy two of our Iraqi counterparts Where the only eyes that saw me enter the room in the chaos that ensued they were unable to communicate my location to anyone The volume of fire coming from the room through the door and out of the window is so excessive that there was no way Anyone else was getting into the room the team decided to pull everyone back and call an air strike to neutralize the target And me with it As the team pulled back from the house Connor my other CLT made with shot and wounded by one of the two remaining enemy fighters firing over my head and out the window While I lay on the floor my teammates worked their radio is calling for the status of each other and what was going on in the house I heard nothing As the remaining elements of my assault team departed the house and moved to a safe dropping distance from the target I was lying on my left side with my pistol still in my right hand just like before my arm reached up and aimed at one of the men Standing in front of me and my finger pulled the trigger. I couldn't hear the gun fire But I felt my hand jump rounds exit my weapon and I watched the projectiles find slow motion as they punched into his body The small holes burst open in the fabric of his shirt where my bullets entered his face contorted into a bizarre Combination of surprise and pain more surprised than pain Then less than five seconds. I ran a magazine dry completed a magazine change before the two enemy fighters figured out I was still alive and I was shooting back at them My bullets drew their gun fire away from my departing teammates their full attention and bullets were then directed back at me The enemy fighters were now both so close to me I remember the stunned look on their faces as they pointed their weapons back at me and fired Around from one of their AK-47 struck the bottom of my pistol and dislodged my guns magazine my pistol jammed And I felt the guns grip crumbled in my hand another enemy bullet sailed clear through the foot of my magazine I Open my hands slightly to release the shards of broken plastic that were once my pistol grips the grip seemed to absorb the shock Shattering like an armor plate I was fortunate to have this type of weapon any other model would have been smashed to bits or been shot out of my hands my Palmas now pressed against the guns internal springs The bullets that struck my pistol caused my weapon a malfunction. I squeezed the trigger but nothing happened I quickly cleared the malfunction with the tap of a on the bottom of the magazine to firmly reinsert into the pistol A rack of the slide then squeezed the trigger. I had done this top rack bay malfunction drill so many times It had happened automatically all the while I was still being shot at from no more than 10 feet away An instant later well before the human brain could process what and how it had happened my hand aimed at the pistol at the other Man standing across for me my finger squeezed the trigger. I saw the rounds twisting as they Exited my pistol flying toward him and entering his body then around tunneled into his face I empty the magazine to both men as they crumbled in the floor in front of me I loaded my last magazine into my damaged pistol. I was lying on my left side leaning against the man who I had first shot when I entered the room I pushed myself up with one hand and reached behind with the other placing my pistol against my dead enemies motionless body and fired several more rounds Seconds later all four enemy fighters were silent. Their dead bodies lay in pools of their own blood and piles of spent bullet gazings A metallic odor filled flooded the room blood and urine leak from their bodies onto the floor I New I had been shot. I felt heavy like there was a few hundred pounds sitting on my back It was difficult to breathe The fight was not over and the worst battles were yet to come Crazy gunfight my left thumb was a much shot off to get I had around go through this this joint right here When I I didn't figure it out until later after I got up and walked around tried to take my gloves off But I put that pistol in this left hand and reached out and shot so we've like this my thumb is like Almost hanging off the only thing was holding on was my glove I mean look how lucky. I don't know. Yeah, just won't bend Crazy Yeah, the the weapon functioning. I mean you still have the magazine I did go back After about five months and I was like hey, I want that pistol You know we already cleaned it up and put it back in circulation So somebody else was using it. I was like I want that pistol. Did you ever get it? No Yeah, the I was thinking about this you know We started off when I started off. I'll talk about how you know you can get shot one person get shot one person Catch a little tiny piece of frag like the size of a freaking The size of a little pebble yeah and kill them. Yeah, you popped up for more lottery or you Pop-guarder up here. That's what happened Clark we had one around Basically just go right through his neck right here. I Was just hit that already It was quick when I found him you stopped a smile on his face Sitting up right position And he was 27 years old at Got a shirt on Okay, it was his second deployment Yeah I Need to secure the building myself so I moved to the foyer with its glowing lamp and then to the room directly beside where my gunfight had happened There were six women and children all sitting in the far corner screaming and crying I pointed my white light at them and yelled shut up None of them spoke English, but they all became silent That's also the room where I found Clarky He was just inside the doorway sitting down with both legs spread out in front of him resting upright and leaning back slightly on his rucksack Clarky's trademark smirk was frozen on his face with his lips curled in a smile He looks so peaceful he'd been killed instantly by around that he'd come out of my room I tried to move him from the view of the front door, but he was too heavy Clark shredder was 27 years old He would take over a decade for the magnitude of Clark's death the penetrate me my tears now are often spontaneous triggered by a fleeting memory A mixture of accumulated losses or just a random thought At that moment though, I couldn't stop and grieve over Clarky I needed to secure the building and protect my teammates In another room in the back of the compound I found two enemy detainees are Iraqi scouts have made entry into this room Discovered the men and cough them. I checked their flecks coughs and put one of our Iraqi scouts in place to guard them I positioned our other Iraqi scouts at the front entry with specific orders to shoot anyone who tried to come into the house. I knew that I was shot up I walked around and cleared the house with my damaged pistol each time I turned my head I could feel my radio earpiece snag on my body armor I plugged my earbud in and keyed the radio to ask for a status in the house, but no, but my radio had been shot It's still at a tone, but no signal my radio is smashed. I needed to contact the team. I tried to swap out my radio with Clarky's But my gloves were slippery from all the blood. I just started to pull off my left hand glove when I saw that my thumb was barely attached to my hand It flopped into my palm There was a bullet hole through the glove. I must have been shot the thumb when the enemy shot at my pistol Discourrent destroying my gun's grips I decided to leave my gloves on eventually I managed to switch out my radio for Clarky's I moved back into the room where my gunfight had happened. I felt safer there as I knew everyone and it was dead It was there that I made radio contact with the rest of the team. Hey, this is Mike I'm still in the house. It's secure We've got four enemy killed an action one-eye racky scout killed an action one-seal killed an action two detainees six women and children Man They call the cure after that night Took them hour and 15 minutes to go like five miles Five miles. When did they activate the cure after when they probably when they started back and out of the house? Uh, we always initiate the cure after soon as gunfight Started as soon as there was a tech we would initiate cure after So they would get ready and then we could launch them But I mean that that area was so We went after this target one other time we got ID it on the way in yeah and Those are some of the cool details that you put in the book which Like I said that's why people have to buy the book if they want to want to get the rest of it because the background behind it You know you explained the efforts that you guys had made to hit this target and it was a terrible area Pretty much one way in when we out unless you wanted to do like an extra 75 kilometers to get and then If you didn't get lost back there Because I mean the map's weren't accurate I mean your greatest threat over there wasn't getting until it gunfight it was going to and from now It was your biggest threat we got ID and I think you're Six times on that deployment and You know when that when that happens over and over again they start looking who's here every time And I was one of the guys, okay, Mike's from possible one of the two possible ID magnets Because every time we get ID one of you two is there or both here there actually we were both there for all of them so How big how many seals did you have with you how many seals were on this op? I know real force we could take a little bit more if we had birds but A normal force and a half of it had to be a rackies and we don't give them mods and radio so you have to make Corrections for that like we have to drive the vehicles So it'd be like 20 guys but that would include a turp You know half a rocket force Occasionally brought this marine had a dog that never found anything but a pistol holster He did say that dog might have got baked in the car and it gets warm out there Yeah, like 22 but we we go out with six on these. There's only four seats and well five and you got the gunner, but the way we work Six people in a vehicle you're only getting Four people that are actually gonna work maybe three inside yeah, so I Have worked with other units where they leave Everybody gets out of the vehicle on the way the counter stays. I think like Say he does that We don't like that plan the Man for you to like just go back into full on team guy mode of okay here's what's going on I'm shot up. I got to finish clearing this house by myself get the house cleared doing assessment set security and then Contact the team and say hey, it's Mike Target secure Damn I don't believe it Freaking legit, man. I was definitely in shock. I did miss a room. I missed the stairs upstairs To the prayer room upstairs so they had to clear that I missed it But I decomplected the front door they came in they were Reclear the house because I pulled the guy off the front door that I told she'd anybody that came through because they were taken fire from me outside You know when when the neighbors know that you're there Some people like to shoot at the window at you Which was a lesson that we learned early on because Who doesn't like the blow up a door With sometimes you don't have to blow it up sometimes just turn it door knob sometimes that door knob works And when you blow up a door that the whole neighborhood knows you're there People take pop shots at you Freaking awesome, man Awesome work I also got a K round this before I got the idea for this necklace The guys found when they took my body armor and they came around fell out of it and it's slightly flat on one side And it's got rifling on it so that's how you know that it actually came through a rifle barrel But that one hit me inside a ten feet and It's completely intact. I mean it's like barely flat on one side. I can't explain that one either But I did get shot in the right places like I know guys it got shot in a femur. You hit bone it changes everything and I only had two bones hit my left thumb and my right scapula I did have a round go up in inside of my right thigh Which is probably the one the doctors are the most amazed about because if you know about The kinetic energy it's not energy that's being pushed in front of a bullet. It's what's being pulled And all the cavitation and how it ruptures organs and ruptures blood vessels and arteries That should have popped my femur artery Because that ran from my knee right above my knee all the way up to my inner thigh And that was definitely an AK round because The whole my leg It looked like someone took a cookie cutter of an AK round and Cut it out and the gunshot wounds healed weird They started off small and then they got bigger as a healed and then they shrunk I didn't have any bad exit wounds Everything went through me I got a bad exit wound out of my right arm pit that blew out But it's kind of actually hard you know I'm claiming 27 and it's the best of the technology But you know the one that went through my left thigh might have been the same one that went through my scrote I don't know But I'm not gonna ruin a good story. Hey bro. I say we're round up And honestly those ones I hit the body armor I was more aware the ones at the body armor I had no idea where I was I been shot until I pulled my glove off. I knew I've been shot in the chest and back I could feel it. I mean I had I had a bunch of broken ribs Um And I had a contention on my right long so when I when I called those guys I was like you guys get a hurry up I can't breathe. I think I got a sucking chest wound. You know they pulled my body armor off and there's two holes in my back And they tried to get a bit of a reclusive dressing on it an old one that we used to use and they couldn't get it to stick so Luckily it wasn't a sucking chest wound Yeah, and you got shot with green tip too, right? Yeah, and They took my body armor After that whatever company does the investigation and they took it apart layer by layer So the other layer body armor spawning it's that black stuff it kind of looks I don't know how to just It's to stuff the holes everything together so it's a ceramic plate there's multiple layers And plus I had to carry her on and at that time we were doing the soft armor hard armor before alpha with a soft I can't imagine Getting shot in the chest With standalone for alpha armor piercing protection without that soft armor It's gonna break everyone in your damn ribs Every damn one I only had I think four broken ribs I mean you These just so you pop a rib out of you once a lot of sucks it's freaking horrible man you get that that top of your breath and you can't Someone stab at me. No, you don't want anyone to make you laugh or cough or anything like that But yeah, the weird thing about green tip is that if you don't know anything about it I'm trying to trade it more through the body armor than they caked it. Oh, I totally believe that It's a green tip is American and And five five six five five six what kind of the standard round for America? We got a bunch of other ones. I know but green tip is kind of the standard Round for let's say an army infantry unit and so you might wonder How does Mike end up with green tip and his body or his body armor and the answer is they recover the weapon and yeah, there was this All this guy's equipment to include his name his LBE is a little bearing equipment with his magazines and it still had his name on it that his night vision goggles That is pistol That a bunch of these guys stuff and it was from what we figured out Ambushed out in the body Army unit in the body so an army unit in the body got ambushed They captured this guy's equipment and then they put it to use and they put it to use on you man and the green tip Was the only one that penetrated through the plate and Made entry into the soft armor it got about halfway through all the plies on the soft armor You mentioned the green tip like that it's standard but what special about green tip is the What's it's five six? It's the standard ammunition that we use it's we had a lot of problems with it in different different places like Somalia What a terrible place to there is you women and children in shields, but the green tip was such a hot round Meaning hot, it's the move so fast that sometimes it just goes right through people and it doesn't Doesn't get the a lot of damage from bullet happens After it passes through and it's the cavitation and the cavity it creates behind it It's really not what it does in front of it But the green tip so fast it doesn't create that cavitation it just cuts through stuff But it's also it's a repair thing, right? Yeah, it's it's fast and it's small So if it's and it's made it is yeah, it punches through armor a lot as you know this it's not it's not supposed to punch through for a Yeah, well, who knows when I got hit with the green tip because I had three rounds in the chest and if you look at the body armor It's already It aggregates with each one They they they're only going to say yeah, this will save you from one round Yeah, that's what they'll tell you after that we don't know what that what's gonna do Because if it I mean if you get if you take one and the tenering Yeah, and that damage is everything. Oh, maybe that does more damage equally all the way around but I got hit like here here and here Uh And maybe the green tip wasn't the first one well, maybe it was the first one Before the AK hit it before it was so aggregated that it was useless I don't know what's in front of my face and like she died mill into it all day Doesn't make it net and doesn't make it dead You can barely find the dent from a nine mill and that stuff. Yeah, I mean this was just a lot weaker than rifles are and then Yeah, have that argument to what round or shot placement Well, I'm shot placement you're all shot placement Yeah, and if you're not good at shot placement then just put a lot there You know can't tie knots tie a lot Yeah, what a doubt overload Uh Going back to the book 15 minute minutes after I'd called the team to let them know I'd been shot the MetaVac landed I had to say that because that's freaking awesome Jack asked if I need any help as we walk together to the bird about 150 yards and all I felt heavy and slow as we walked together Over the freshly plowed field I put my left arm over his shoulder to steady myself as I moved Jack instinctively reached up and grab my hand Which almost ripped off my dangling thumb jack like oh my thumb Conner my seal teammate who was wounded in the arm exiting the house jumped on the bird for the short flight to the hospital and Baghdad He was another one of our team's medics and I thought he that's why he was with me I didn't know that he had been shot until we were in the hospital together and Bethesda Maryland. That was me Yeah, it was first deployed The flight medic was very efficient crawling all over me to cut off my clothes and gear to get to my wounds and Serting his knee into every bullet hole in the process and his defense. There wasn't much he could touch that didn't have a bullet hole Punched out of it My seal teammate Chris Till had been assigned as my casualty assistant's officer and Would accompany me all the way back home Chris was standing next to me with a satellite phone You have to call your wife he said I refused it first, but then I remembered that my next of kin must be notified within 24 hours of an incident Brande was back in Virginia Beach shopping with the girls when chansored Hey, I said I don't have a lot of time. I'm coming home early. I got shot, but I'm fine I've got all my limbs my face is fine and the doctor said I'm going to make a hundred percent recovery. I'll see you soon I had to phone back to Chris and the medical team stacked me on the plane I must have passed out because my next memory is waking up in the United States at Naval Medical Center Bethesda, Maryland Talk to good 50 people that talked to me in launch still Don't remember don't remember Yeah, I be one of those people is was was Admiral Craven. Yes, so that's cool and and you guys knew each other from team three Yeah, I was in my first three commanding officers were McTime, McNally and McRaven Three three mix Yeah, you do you do that and and you you talk about that visit from from the Admiral again Well, that was from I think I did some play-dories Pladurizing from his book. Yeah, you pull through he's got a book out called sea stories and it's one of the stories in his book is you know Visiting a guy that just been shot 27 times so there yeah, but yeah, you put it in this book as well He's a good dude. I mean yeah, some people might think he's got some sway political views right now, but You know, I watched him take care of people and that's kind of how I judge people Yeah, like if you care about people and you take care of him. Yeah, and you're not doing shit the feed your own ego your own agenda I mean you gotta have your own agenda. I got mine now I mean it's part of the reason why I sold the book. I want to go surfing all the time That's all I want to do Yeah, it's a it's a pretty interesting story. I Guess We have from your perspective blessed. I have this story and be able to talk about it. You know It's a very few people be able to pick this up and not find something in it that They're gonna be able to write to in their own life bro You got shot 27 times you know, and you did that job. I mean it's freaking that's a least interesting thing in the Yeah, but but just yeah, you put the whole story together and Yeah, man, it's powerful and like you said there's all kinds of stuff for everybody and and And you all get into some of it, but a lot of it is is you trying to explain how you got through this stuff and you know How you got through your childhood trauma and what that trauma turns into and I'm gonna get into some of it But that's just a whole another reason but even if you're a hippie that doesn't want to read a single thing about war Go okay skip those parts because you're still gonna get something out of the rest of it Well my publisher we were working through this or like like does this say a navy seal book or a cell Pop book and I was like leave it in big was I don't care what you call it Care what you call it yeah, now now I'm doing pretty good in the The PTSD section Trail and after I'm traveling after you bring the pump in at your door. I have a PTSD There's a PTSD as no years years your books are number one and War biographies and okay your books do awesome How do I in the PTSD section? No, not PTSD as well and the PTSD section vanner coke Body keeps the score which is one. Okay, that's the book that you talk about yeah that's one of the Everybody's to read that book Couple things in there if you understand your trauma Your childhood trauma then your behaviors are predictable You know, so if you understand that you become the person That you're taught to be inferred and inside of the first seven years and you know what your reaction's gonna be to it Then it's predictable and then you can work on it. I might trigger is I don't like anybody Poked me in the chest and when I got scared I don't care Sometimes I might over Push back I don't like to be called names and I got cursed out by a little 20-year-old kid and starbucks a couple weeks ago And I had to ask him I was like boy how old are you? He's like I'm 22 and this kid's flipping me off because I won't put out a mask And I was like you wouldn't be talking to me like this if we were outside But you know, I think that's a problem a lot of people in this world right now. You know the keyboard The keyboard bullies and they get behind the wheels of their car and I like a bunch of assholes I you know a lot of people just Don't know that if if you could get punched in the face for being as rude as you are you wouldn't do it Yeah, we got a society. It's just so rude now. I'm that me every time you get in your car to them That's car raised people cutting you off and I mean, I've got I've kind of slowed down. I was that type of driver Then I rushed to get everywhere even though I didn't have a schedule You You well, sir, you talk about like I said you talk about some of this trauma and whatnot And here's like here's like here's a little sample of sort of how you start looking at this stuff I would spend the next 18 months training guys Shuffling papers in a administrative duty at my new command So this is this is now your I think you're back at trade-it again, right? Yeah, I went back to work inside of five months about four and a five months and I was in that course that we talked about earlier that Communications course My physical physical medical my physical therapy team became an important part of my recovery in life My team was made up of doctors nurses physical therapist chiropractic inclinations who specialize in all type of care Most importantly this group understood seal culture seals tend toward the extreme We think if one repetition is good then 500 must be great I was blinded by my own bias and it wasn't the first time or the last one day long into my recovery I can find it to my nurse that I may have been experiencing symptoms related to PTSD post traumatic stress disorder I had been sitting in my truck listening to a radio talk show when the when the expert being interviewed began Describing the common symptoms of PTSD the voice spoken a calm matter of fact tone talking about the Autonomic nervous system and how sleeplessness constant irrational fears And hyper vigilance are often normal and predictable responses to trauma. I listened to a stranger's voice described me to me And I was both relieved and confused when I told the nurse who is a friend and someone I trusted she smiled and chuckled good to hear Mike We all thought that you actually enjoyed what happened to you in that room She seemed to understand That being profoundly Effected by my experience of war was normal and not being altered was abnormal. This was the first time that I considered the concept of emotional Invisible wounds and that I had them I have come to understand that if the experience of war does not profoundly alter you in some way Then you may actually have a problem when the doctor said that I had been perfectly wounded It seemed like a metaphor for my life. I had been beat up just enough not to kill me and through the process I earned the perfect scars of wisdom to survive my next thrashing I still had no idea how the events of my childhood influenced my thoughts and behavior. I'd become very good at compartmentalization My self-awareness grew as I uncovered layers of trauma. I later found that my childhood wounds had prepared me for a career in the seal teams But they also became a most haunting ones I romantly it took being shot 27 times to uncover my original wounds the ones That I never considered or knew I had Yeah, so you know you start looking at what's going on And this is this is cool. It's got to read this bro Because it's a one one page chapter Called the enemy within I fully accepted all the hazards of my chosen occupation being wounded was no big deal to me At no time during or after I was shot that I ever think I was going to die I was provided the best medical care available and was sure that my physical wounds would eventually heal The real battle began when I returned home the war and Iraq was straightforward I was expertly trained and had the unconditional support of a community of like-minded highly motivated professionals Professionals as a seal I'd been institutionalized in a sense I knew the culture the people the rules and the objective After leaving the military and returning home my life became a Confusing frustrating and stressful mess. I was a prisoner who had been released from the institution into a strange new world There was a distructful a distrustful cynic Slowly working his way inside me his voice sounded like my own and each day he became more convincing I was surrounded isolated and desperate This enemy knew all my weaknesses he was relentless and he eventually overpowered me This enemy was me So a couple things I want to say on the BTSD I At that point it really wasn't PTSD At least clinical because I haven't had any dreams about it. I don't mind talking about it It doesn't bother me It bothered more the people around me more than bothered me. It was more of a hindrance You know that that I had to live in a recliner for three months That bothered my kids because they'd never seem to get hurt sick Pretty much was my first injury Ever other than broken fingers and toes I did pinch up from moral nerve that put me down for about two three months at one point. I don't have a PT thing But I was really milding my first injury because the fingers and toes don't count I don't count But what had happened to me at this point Well, I want to talk about what I call false anxiety first just bad health eating terrible dehydration drinkin too much Your physiology when you're in that kind and that state of health feels like anxiety the increased heart rate The sweaty palms the whole physiology it goes along with anxiety because of bad health It's your physiology reacting to what you people are dumping in their bodies my particular issue and What I think health care should be is an individual evaluation of each person To adjust their medical care for for that because I watch for years people take medication for for migraine and then migraine doesn't go away, but they get another symptoms So here's another medication for the symptom Eight medications later the guys telling me I still got a migraine and I can't remember what I did 15 minutes ago. I'm taking eight meds for it I had In your stomach you have for a bacteria that breaks up the food so your intestines can take the Vitamins and nutrients in and I had no good floor in my stomach so my body Physiologically couldn't even break down the food so when I got tested my urine my stool my blood And they also used epigenetics Which says your epigenetics your genetics say that your body will consume and you utilize certain types of food Because of your genetics and where you're from I would see a lot of guys in the seal teams everybody's on keto well, how do you know keto is good for you? You might be hurt yourself or I had the Greek slip for a long time. I would see the Greek diet Might not be the one for you because your genetics don't I mean, it might work but it might not be the opin So I went on to fix mine all I had to do is take antibiotics for a week and then I rebuilt it with Diet you know just probiotics and This is to repair your gut floor after you did get tests. They study everything that's coming out of you they go. Oh, yeah, this is what you need So my body couldn't even give me this nutrients because it wasn't physiologically working and I was completely beat efficient Deed efficient had all kinds of spikes and heavy metals Where was this while you were still enter is this after you retired and you started working for the care coalition? It was when I was working for the care coalition I've been there for probably six little over six years so you retired in 2010 Yeah, and where did you spend your last so this incident happened in 2000? Would you spend your last seven years at a debt little creek and you were so I taught that course got it and then I was the operations officer Which was the worst job ever And then you but so then you retire out of there and you get this job at the care coalition which is Special operations care coalition. Yeah, where where where are you located when you're doing that job? Well, I'm still living in Virginia Beach, but I'm just the job changed when I was initially hired for that job. I had all of the MSW Marseaux guys And that is wherever they were so Marseaux is on both coast So I'd go to Lissian once once a month. I'd flat the San Diego once a month. I'm hit the guys out there and a WM Marseaux And we were putting guys in If we could find a quality care that was sufficient we would put them somewhere You know where they were from so they can hang out with the family and so you're you're when you're in that job You're an advocate for all these wounded guys correct non medical case manager Non medical case manager going okay, and this guys this kid will tell you hey, you know I'm having problems with my ex girlfriend and we got to need to help with that or I mean just I need I want to get back home to my family or whatever Issues that they're facing is that right was I ran guys through their They were going through a medical retirement board. I was the advocate for that and I was the interface between them and And the pebble host Physical valuation board liaison officers which weren't really good and what they did So I did VA disability I did wellness trips There was a lot of care that you know, you know periplegic Doesn't care that it's a test a test medication or Test treatment they just want to walk again and you know sometimes our medical systems not gonna facilitate that so Others will so we would facilitate treatments outside of network So it's my job as I described it was to improve somebody's situation and I did everything from baby sippers for people to You know medical retirement boards. I mean, that was a better social worker than I was a seal You talk about some of the cases you talk about you talk you know you go through this You talk about some of the people that you helped out Holly was one of my first clients when I met her she was only able to lie in bed and screaming at the top of her lungs It was scary Holly was raised in port Angelys Washington and listed in the Navy after high school She joined the military to create a future for herself and her family when I met her She was still the bread winner for most of her family She had become an independent duty corpsman which is the highest and listed medical care provider in the Navy She graduated the program and become an Arabic linguist Hospital corpsman chief pedi officer Holly crab tree was assigned to work with a seal team as they conducted various Operations in Iraq It was April 15th 2010. I just joined the care coalition and Holly was nearing the end of her deployment She was out doing a medical civilian affairs operation When she was shot the bullet pierced her helmet fractured a skull and settled behind her eye She was not expected to live Her crew realized that she was expecting and coded Holly's condition as Holt trauma She proved everybody wrong Holly would not give up or stop working She would have to relearn how to talk walk even swallow. I watched her do it all It was both sad and humbling but most of all it made me very proud to know her Holly since made an impressive recovery and is medically retired after 13 years of service Had another guy he's in there Sam Same thing shot in the same place Both both um did he have to relearn everything as well? Yeah, and they both stroked Paralyzed them on the right side of their body He's uh he's working in a program right now where he goes after Child pornographers and traffickers which is a huge problem in the country right now Like what 500,000 children go missing every year in this country That's insane. I mean, I'll show you real slavery that's happening right now Now As you're doing this stuff with other people this is when your starting to realize that you know you should get checked out yourself Am I getting that right like in the timeline like this is when you start going hey man. I should get these tests well The only reason I did these tests was because I was having issues and People around me like you're gonna go go get help go talk to somebody and I refuse to And the reason why I went with this doctor was because it was a leasonvasive and I'll have to do is talk to him on Skype He wasn't even in the same state and To an honest life I kind of half-assed it and it worked I've seen other people go through this to include people my own family and And Everybody's issues could be different my was bad gut for I've seen people have had H plyrory which is a parasite which is pretty prominent which would The symptoms really look like you're having issues with thyroid So your initial Reaction would be well you're having these issues. I'm gonna take you to end of chronologists and then we're gonna make you take these medications So that we fry your thyroid when All time it was just a parasite that you could just stop eating sugar and kill it and fix it That's what health care should be Health care right now is completely reactive They don't treat the source of the illness or disease They just treat the symptoms Uh, what's like 250,000 people die every year because of medical mistake And we're listening to these people they almost killed me too With a potassium. I almost had a heart attack because I had an overdose of potassium When another seal who'd been shot in the eye right next door to me was almost overdosed Ryan Joe was overdosed when he went in to get surgery just plastic surgery And then and then they tried to lie about it. Um, yeah, and those were bad was civilian hospital You know what wasn't that wasn't the military. That was civilian hospital Medicine's not in his axions everybody's bodies different and that's why it should be evaluated individually because I'm pretty narcotic resistant. I wake up in the middle surgeries You gotta give me more narcotics to knock me out if you want to do a surgery. I'm gonna wake up and fight Good luck in somebody to do surgery after you have to make these statements. I don't like to get hurt anymore. I don't think hope So you're learning a lot about that. You're also doing all like you said you're doing awesome stuff with with some of the people setting them up You know you're doing haunt and trips You end up Climbing Mount Mount Renewer Ryan Joe climbed that blind yeah, you be here before I did yeah, yeah, you say this about that you say our climate been not a Ryan Joe Another Navy Sea will been wounded and I racked by a sniper in injury that had left him totally blind I had met Ryan once at Mike Mont<|ko|>ers metal vonna ceremony at the White House Which I think we were saying today that was the last time I saw the last time we saw each other before right now. It's good party. Yeah, it was um Good times In 2008 Ryan Joe climbed to the summit of Mount Renewer blind a year later in 2009 he died as a result of Hospital error most people know Ryan from the books American sniper and a warrior's faith He was the character bigels in the film American sniper on my way down I closed my eyes once and gained a new profound Respect for Ryan Joe. I couldn't take 10 steps without opening my eyes There's some bad parts of that You tied to a damn rope to I did that when we did that in the seal teams. What's the weather training? Yeah, I actually never did cold weather training I hate it I mean, I was in some cold spots, but I never you know, I got snowed on plenty I froze plenty of times out in the sleet and snow, but I never I never did the cold weather the actual cold weather training There's team two guys the old team two guys you still love that stuff. Oh, yeah for sure when I got there When I got to team two, you know, I was hoping that I would get to be able to do that, but it was already That program was it was no longer like the seal team two was that it's all different. Yeah You end up going to You end up checking out some kind of I guess was a called alternative medicine treatment alternative options. Oh, yeah I went full hippie and I went to a place that was I mean, I like those things I like the mindfulness practices I should get back to meditating regularly. It does help But I was introduced at this place to you know, shooting with a recurve You know walk in those paths that made with rocks like that Indians used to do So they teach a bunch of mindfulness practices and they were teaching transcendental meditation And I think that's the part you're getting to right Yeah, it sounds like like I mean the first thing happens you're doing this some acid trip or something But yeah, no drugs and ball Yeah, you're looking at a chair and all of a sudden the chair turns into human bones and then you guys are going down to do some Some some Therapy with horses and then then then we were to the book here wall the other participants went to the pen with the instructor I stood outside the car out when I turned and looked at an instructor's face It was like some type of Hollywood special effects scene. I was staring at him with his damn face When his damn face morphed into an evil demon I froze terrified and trembling it felt like every cell in my body was vibrating violently I just stood there close my eyes and prayed God please help me I was sure these people were gonna hurt me when I hope my eyes everyone was gone I need to get out of there. I saw the group standing in front of the car out and I said as calmly as I could Hey guys, thanks for everything. This has been really good, but I need to leave right now The instructor's tried to talk me out of leaving saying that it wasn't safe for me to go And I stood there thinking well, it's definitely not safe for me to stay here with the demon dude I tried to hide it, but I think one of the instructors may have known that I was freaked out one of the female instructors gave me a ride back to my cabin I made her use her GPS So I knew she was taking me when I arrived back the cabin I grabbed my bag chucked into my truck and immediately started driving back to Virginia Beach That was as relax was like fully real in your head And I didn't want to research after that happened to me. That's when I started I had trouble sleeping after that And started doing research and it's an event a quite a few people have I thought it was interesting you immediately went and got a drug test a full drug test because you thought maybe you had been drug I thought I was drug I actually had to stop at a car accident On the way out there. Yeah, you stopped at a car accident and so you kind of knew that you could you weren't on drugs because you were doing normal things Uh Well, I get in what you said you said you knew you weren't insane Yeah, because that's why you thought it was drugs. That's what it was because I was able to still be objective That's when you know you're crazy when you can't keep Objective You're like am I crazy? Like if you're if you're just completely denying the fact that you might be crazy Then maybe you are you got back actually investigate it. That's a scary test dude I don't know if I passed that old But I mean this if you all the research I did on it it happens to a lot of people prominent people educated people And I say in the book, you know, I either saw it happen Because I have some people that like hey you just have the ability to see evil It was a temporary psychotic break which hasn't happened since which I've tried to Like man, I don't think that's happened again With meditation because I think it was the meditation that did it that Popped open different parts of my brain that I never used But I cover my ass in there yeah, so people don't think hey, oh my god The other thing is lunatic the Kundalini awakening Yeah, that's how you had to go check that out. I watched some YouTube videos to figure out what a Kundalini awakening look like and it's like a yoga Like you just we it says a weird like spiritual trip I guess Yeah, and I would say I'm Mike and few people I wear wear this ring, but I would say I'm a recovering Christian don't like religion On the spiritual first and I know there's a god. I just he hasn't she hasn't whatever it is hasn't talked to me yet So I don't know I don't know who's right. What's really 10 religions on this rock There's a more than that I guess because that bad trip you decided you were gonna still keep getting after it There was a Elliot Miller another awesome seal He'd been through some some TBI like treatments He was he was wheelchair bound for a long time Really overweight So he went to that program at Carrack. Yeah, I did the fundraiser for yeah Yeah, so you see you do this you end up doing this some you end up trying to figure out how you can raise money And and the way you figure out you can raise money is Is by doing a triathlon I did a half iron man half iron man So I tried to do a full that's that's what I was trading for that that's what everything came down So you end up doing the the short one. I'll call it short. I mean it's pretty long I guess 13 miles and what is short? It's short for triathlon we doing two in a row is exponentially so much harder than that I didn't do diabetes because I didn't know enough about nutrition Did you do that diabetes before the first one? No while you were training for the second one for the full iron man So you do the you do the first one and Everyone's all happy you raise $135,000 Folks at iron man contact you and say hey you're great you gonna subunch of publicity and it's awesome Because money Chris Pratt did it with me too. Chris Pratt did it with you. I'm sure they wanted to get some of that. I didn't really was Guardians of the galaxy Oh that won't stupid movie with a wreck talking wrecking Maybe he's not like I'm I'm a fan of Chris now. Yeah, no he seems like a great guy. I'm madam Um, but then this happens so they tell you hey you can do another you know we'll sponsor you or whatever you can do it And so you start now training for this and here you go I was totally exhausted and burned out before the half iron man now was truck training for double the distance After the race the first race the words spread about what I was doing and new donors came to my crowd rise page to support me Doing the full iron man, but I was at a point where I just could not do my job anymore. I was totally burned out And the iron man fund raising and training did nothing but add to my stress everything started to escalate my mind I could feel something was on the verge of breaking The stress of work training and financial obligations were all becoming too much. I couldn't sleep becoming edgy and difficult to get along with On the best of days 45 days before the corner race. I emailed the iron man folks to thank them for the opportunity and backed out of the race. I Contacted every donor and offered them to return all their money. I was a mess at work I couldn't I would get urgent calls from shrinks who would say stuff like come get your guys some of my clients would scare the medical Staff and the doctors knew if they called the police all held break loose so they called me instead I would have to go diffuse the situation these evolutions were exhausting and looking back They were all well beyond by area of expertise. I would do the minimum Reporting at work then try to sleep or play video games and attempt to distract myself from the constant fear of something bad happening I was trapped without an escape route Stress accumulates and it was all piling up inside of me. I had no financial help and I'm not one to ask for any I was sure there I was going to get fired from my job. This was only the second real job I'd ever had in my life Other than being in the Navy. I fell embarrassed and ashamed and amasculated I would not leave my home for days on end. I avoided talking to people even turned off my phone Brenda was troubled she knows me so well she was gentle at first asked me if I wanted to talk to someone as I became more isolated and combat if she reached out to my friends and co-workers They joined with her and together they all how did me to get help in In a year I'd gone from training to do an iron man triathlon to not being able to get off my couch. I was in a dark Dangerous place my life had become unbearable there was guilt But I think the real culprit was shame guilt and shame are very different and controlled my thoughts and behaviors and distinct ways guilt was about what I had done or in my case what I hadn't done Shame was about who I was or at least who at least who I thought I was I felt like a A prisoner being brainwashed every day my mind seemed to be stuck on a one track narrative that became darker with each episode Every minute of every day there was this weird repeating internal myologue monologue that opened with guilt Which created a feeling of shame. I would fixate on things that supported this monologue like bailing out of the iron man Which I was which I was sure disappointed the donors the treatment facility my clients and my family My anemic efforts at work reinforced my shame That's when all the what ifs began chiming in what if I get fired from my job? Will we lose the new house and all my money? one of the people who donated to my fundraiser think I'm a fraud because I didn't do the full iron man These thoughts would lead to embarrassment which deep into my feelings of shame I was trapped in this desperate repeating irrational monologue that sounded all rational to me I Percelling new people like Dan Marcali and Tyler who had far worse injuries than me and far more stressful lives And who are all managing themselves well, but for some reason I just couldn't put things in perspective I was locked in an irrational disproportionate escalating mental prison. I sat in my truck I had researched how to do it exactly where to place the barrel and how to angle the gun I had practiced it with a cleared weapon and pulled the trigger. I didn't want to leave a mess for someone else to clean up I would not do it in my trucks or someone else could use it the bullet would go through my heart There would be an instant of pain and then I would be gone I would do to myself with one bullet what four enemy fighters failed to accomplish with 27 I Stared at the black gun in my hand. I'd use one like this to kill before I was numb and sad confused and tired I had cried alone so many times My downward spiral had come to its final resting place at the bottom was hopelessness The built-up stress the lingering effects of trauma my psychological deficits all Caluded to create a condition of hopelessness My mind worked trying to come up with an explanation to justify my final act to my two beautiful daughters years ago In that room at that compound the thought of not being able to see their faces again terrified me Images flashed in my mind holding my daughters little hand in her own as we sat together The way the girls would wrap their arms around my neck and hug me their soft little voices called out oh dad They're smiling faces repeatedly flashed in my mind There was the disproportionate feeling of guilt and shame that relentlessly stalked me I felt trapped in a life layered with overwhelming stress andless responsibilities meaningless task and toxic people of whom I felt I was the most toxic It was all my fault I felt I was my own worst enemy this time there was a bullet in the chamber I was beyond contemplation my mind was made up I mentally paced back and forth working up the courage the same way I had when I hit my father with the bat I was getting out of my truck when my phone rang I looked down at the number It was Scott Heinz my boss I picked up the phone in one hand and held a gun in the other I let it ring not wanting to answer I couldn't do it with Scott calling so I put down the gun I answered hey Scott what's up? It's got says Mike I want you to take the next three months to chill out I'm gonna pay you relax take your time and find a new job I'll help you out however I can you're beyond burned out you did amazing work But there's a time limit for how long you can do this job and you maxed it out my Boss and good friend to just give me the hope I needed to climb out of the very deep hole I'd found myself in and that Instant I could not have answered my phone for anyone other than Scott Scott had seen it all before He knew that I was surrounded by wounded sick and injured people all day Scott also knew that many of the people who I'd been meeting with every day for years including patients their family members Veteran service members and hospital staff were struggling with depression It's like an alcohol attending a bar you can only hold out for so long if you're around Depressed people all the time you become depressed too I suspect that some of you reading this may now think that I'm crazy and write me off Thank you for coming this far with me for the rest of you whoever ever been depressed or suicidal I can tell you that while I fully believe that the time that I was thinking rationally I know now that I was not My irrational thoughts had started repeating themselves the world will be better off without me I don't care anymore. I just want out of here. I'm a horrible person my future will just be filled with more of the same stress These thoughts seem totally rational and true in my compromise state But I had no idea that my thinking was compromised What scared me the most about these thoughts and the entire experience is what happened to me just a few months later Brenda in her desperation to help convinced me to visit a physician who had a protocol to treat depression and other conditions I Resisted at first of course, but finally agreed to work with the guy if only to get Brenda and everyone else off my back That's why I did Man You get it's interesting, you know, you talk about the um Like now you can look back and see that you want rational. Oh, yeah, but at the time there's just you know It's a chemical about I mean It's be more people are coming aware of it now that the gut brain access I mean The gut is probably a smarter brain than the one in our skull It can't operate properly unless unless you put proper nutrients and And vitamins and this doctor is also really big into the EMF electromagnetic fields, you know, you know how we're affected. I mean we had Radio antennas over in Iraq and Afghanistan, you could put popcorn kernels in it. Pop popcorn. What do you think that does to your Do you think that does to your skull and your organs and your cells? We already Residents as a weapon you can use microwaves to make people sick Where yeah, I was a radio man unfortunately Love the job, but I mean sat all all those antennas man. I was Possibly here's a young guy getting we took the what was that thing called the bat one? Yeah, the vehicle antenna for the satellite We figured it well one of our new guys put it on on the radio with a switch So this My sees running right and look like Inspector Gadget, you know with helicopter And you had that bat wing hanging out over top of his head I don't I don't think sat transmissions are very healthy but Frequencies you know residents we can use his weapon it could be used for the heal Microwaves they've been used a lot to make people sick So so you go through all that you kind of get this doctor doctor back so to put you on A path like a new mission of you're gonna clean up your diet. You're gonna stay away from these situations the Bluetooth limit your limit your exposure to your eye fine all this stuff which is hard. Oh, yeah for sure the you methods hard so Pretty much blew that off So what did you mostly what did you mostly fix your diet mostly it was diet got my gut Back right so that it Because the way that works you're got prepares the food for the intestines for the intestines What they do and the stomach doesn't work then that just it's gonna pass through The intestines are not gonna be able to pull the nutrients and vitamins and I Don't think any medication now I I am taking Mitch's Smash ingredients I started off with this doctor put me on a stuff called green juice from organic Fine So it's it's got all the you can have in one shake all the nutrients You know one scoop of protein and one scoop of greens that's all you need Pretty I mean we could live on algae and You'll go to these cool lunches that these kids were getting not now because of COVID, but I mean they would feed them crap They're actually making them sick. They're not helping them. Yeah, I mean like tomatoes with like Crapy hamburger meat on it. Yeah, if it's even hamburger meat If it's hamburger meat, it's not great So so you get done you go on this protocol and you say this it took about two months and even then I I Would shop for all the foods meticulously prepare the meat measure all the meals Keep the detailed food log. I'm sure the process was gradual one day woke up and felt like the black cloud that I had been That had been hovering over me with for years was gone. I was able to function to move and Feed quickly. Thankfully the fog had lifted and the constant negative internal monologue inside my head stopped I felt strong clear and confident enough to get up and start moving forward Grab my phone opened up my contact list and started sending text text messages and making calls I needed a new job And that's when you ended up going to trade it Back to trade it as a contractor. I went back to teaching military freefall where prior injury I had three events where I couldn't open my main parachute because my right scapula would seize up my whole back in my hand Went and works. I had three high-fet high-speed melt functions Went to reserve in the last one rip my pack off my Connects between your arm. Did you get surgery? Yeah, they reconnected it But it was a slot there the whole pack came out of right here Dang so then I went to CQC and so yeah, which is which was awesome Because the TTPs changed because of me. Yeah, that's that's Perfect place for you to go and teach me what better person be teaching about out-of-hand little close-quarters combat that someone and don't do it I mean, we still teach that but there's there's better ways to do things some Different tactics you can use in different situations you can't just do the same thing every time And then how long did you stay there for? Uh Because you're you're you're retired now from that job as well, right? So what is it 2020 quick 18 I was I was probably at trade-up between those two jobs for about three years. Okay Awesome. Yeah, that's just let that like last October. I think that's it. It's a cool thing that the teams do bring in Older guys back that have experience at some of the younger guys might not have especially someone with experience like you and Bring them in there to teach and pass on those words man. That's freaking awesome that that we do that in the teams I learned a lot there being an instructor and like you were talking about earlier, you know watching Um 20 different groups come through people do different things in different ways and like man that was really stupid or man I wish I would have thought of that You ended up getting some tattoos and this was cool. You know Mike Martin Who's a master chief team guy that was in Vietnam who had gotten out of the god now for like a long time Well, he was at training cell at team three when I got there. Yeah, he had gotten out for a long time then he gone But join the region of the Navy and back to Buds. I don't think they made him do Real buds. Yeah, they he's like one of a few people that went through like a gentleman's course of buds. You know Well, then we had to retread my class. I didn't make it was he a reach-ed Vietnam vet I believe so really he was terrible. Dang that's kind of like Martin's Well, he passed away last year on the other side and I'll tell you what he was only 62 Bro we were I was we use call he was gonna come on the podcast and and and like I was lined it up with you know one of our mutual friends and and we're just you know just trying to find the date and boom Yeah, I was freaking so bummed out that was the first Navy seal book. I haven't read many but Navy seals don't ring Navy seal Fuck You know there's so many of them too so many jokes I was just hanging out with black rifle and I was like, yeah, you guys want to sell books in here You know the military books. I was like yeah, it's a good idea But we'll have to reinforce the shelf for all the Navy seal books like your asshole Well, I was sitting down with the black rifle guys up in Montana and it was me and Dudley the Dartsury guy and and then and then and then Jack Carr was What's his name the other owner small or it was Evan it was Evan that was who was there It was just so I think it was because the other guy I got hurt. I thought he got hurt Yeah, not got hurt. Yeah, so he couldn't come but anyways, we sit down and and you know Evan makes a joke about seals writing books And did it to me too and then of course I looked at him and I was like because I mean it's a funny joke. Yes, but then we were actually sit with two Seals that have written books. I was like, oh, this is really embarrassing. I go real funny Evan They're a great group of guys. They're definitely doing their job paying it forward first year, man For sure. I mean, I was really bummed out when I saw well first of all when I found up at you into the Toulower tree Challenge there and I just did I don't know why didn't put two and two together Well, I didn't find out until after you left Montana. Yeah, so I was like But then the other thing I didn't know is I knew I knew that they were doing something with with wounded warriors I I know what they were doing. I didn't really grasp it again. I just didn't pay enough attention But I could I should have gone down there for that look for you know awesome what they rolled into a huge archery event afterwards. So we there was 25 of us. I was one of two guys. It wasn't an MPT There was a dude there that didn't have a right arm I saw videos of him you fight that thing Yep And awesome too. Yeah, I didn't shit that like a hundred and eight yards. Yeah, there's something real cool about archery that That it has a lot of similarities, you know to the old job, you know, I like shooting a bow better Yeah, I do too. I like shooting a bow better the main reason is because it's quiet It's like there's no like little shock It's just nice and quiet. You can do it in your yard and it's harder Actually, yeah, it is harder well to definitely harder at range and then you pick up a recurve I haven't done the recurve thing. Yeah, that's cool Is that what you're like primarily shooting is a recurve? These were compounds, but I've got a couple of recurves And it's all instinctive. Yeah, yeah, you just ain't even well you can't it? There's no sights There's no refrains that you can tell if you went dead and go it is totally Yeah, there's a couple of guys that were trying to do some long shots up in Montana with the recurres man Yeah, looks fun. Looks fun. I don't know if I got a lot of work to do on the compound before I decided I'm gonna make it even harder Yeah, you just turned up the juice on that right Man Yeah, so what are I'm guys hitting stuff at 108 yards? How hard can it be? That's freaking awesome. Only got one arm I'm gonna awesome and just freaking out low-paz Get close here, but you know you say this In macing strange, but being shot 27 times then having a hang grenade flow up next to me Was one of the best things that ever happened to me. It was the start of a personal revolution that continues today And hopefully we'll go on until I take my last breath. I say revolution rather than evolution as a result of my experience I have tossed out and or abandoned in every bias relationship belief and dogma that has blocked myself awareness and joy You said and again, I'm reading this stuff because I know that there's People and people talk to me all the time about what they're going through and You know what you say here. I think is really important I burn through a number of therapists Some were good most didn't have what I needed to help me understand how the traumas of my childhood shaped me as a person and how those same traumas Make some of my behaviors predictable at times I had to be pushed into seeing therapists and doctors by people who loved and cared about me I don't know if I can ever think these people enough for not giving up on me when I was so rude and resistant toward them I say all of this so you know that at least for me There has been no magic pill quick fix or one size fits all solution to finding peace and joy in my life These things have come to me slowly over the past decade as I grew in self-awareness and courage I suspect your personal peace if that's what you're searching for maybe gained much the same way Yeah, you know, I think that That uh Just letting people know like somebody thinks oh, I'm gonna go see a therapist and it doesn't work out because that therapist doesn't have with that Perpetent particular person needs and then they go I'll see I can't be helped instead of saying oh, you know what? I gotta try some different people. What's a sidedle to um People think that they you know Could take you years to get into a terrible mindset Betches training telling yourself doing all the things that make you believe the things that that you're telling yourself And then you hit rock bottom or what you think rock bottom and you're like I really get this fix I'm gonna go to this one week program You know it took me two years to turn into this Disaster area and I'm I think I'm gonna go to a one week program. I'm gonna fix it And a lot of these programs that I watch when I was at the care coalition it does help, but there's no follow-up So there's an improvement while they're there because everybody's you know feed them good food teaching them the things that They can use to you know relieve stress and they do that while they're there And then they go home and then they just fall back into the same routine Training themselves to get further into that hole I mean That's what medicine is right now Yeah, people get sick. They think that they can take a a medication. It's gonna make Make the sickness go away. You're not even addressing wires sick. You're just Hiding the symptoms I mean like I earlier I said I actually didn't do diabetes and it was because I didn't know enough Batin iteration and the only thing I knew about nutrition is if I was hungry or not and My favorite restaurants were the ones that gave me the most food. I think care what it was You know extra large peaches of myself galinized cream and a total pack of beer. You know, that's That's the winning path but it'd be not definitely not It's funny too because we all know Uh Even since we were a little kid you are what you eat But we know it but we don't practice it and then you got the FDA with it stupid food pyramid You know, you've got people now. Oh my stuff's at the a-proof. I'm like so what Corrupt organization Go eat five loaves of bread like they told you to no wonder everybody's fat. Yeah Can you say pre-diabetic oh and then they take Medication I mean type two diabetes. Oh, you gotta do change your diet goes away. I did it I induced it with cliff bars Gatorade I was needing twinkies. Yeah, I was just you're thinking what seemed like it's cool Yeah, well, and I was also being trained by an ultra-thinner And Third-dummer than we are Who goes and runs out of my Ha She take my ass man and I just didn't know enough about an interest and and I was just dumping carbs and sugars in the man Every time I stood up I was almost passing out. Let's die be these Crazy, see as I fixed it and went away Here's another little section that I think people should hear. I have a way I have way more stress and uncertainty in my life today than I ever did in the seal teams or when I was suicidal the differences that I now have a new resiliency portfolio of people Tools and skills that allows me to effectively manage stress almost effortlessly While I do have bad days and very bad days They don't control me or impact my outlook on life I'm also keenly aware that most of my troubles are self-inflicted If you're honest with yourself you may find the same is true in your own life Diversity is either a privilege or a tragedy depending on how you respond to it Choosing to be a victim of the events and circumstances in my life would have been the real tragedy What if we all view diverse adversity as an opportunity for personal growth to define our life's purpose and to help others? The reality is that we can But we can't do any of these things as victims. If I am to evolve which is my life's mission I can't be a victim Even if my problems are the result of someone else's actions I've found it easier to find myself than to rely on the perpetrator to repair the damage Well, that's what a lot of victims do You're a victim because you're blaming somebody else and you're expecting them to fix it and there's just nobody's coming You know, they're not going to fix it. Yeah, see what it's about just take the blame take take the ownership and solve the problem After everything that I've come through I'm grateful. I think that the gratitude and service are I think that gratitude and service are unspeparable The more I serve the more grateful I feel that I can still serve and care for my family my warrior brothers and sisters and continue to be have serviced to all of you these days. I spend my free time hunting for perfect surf and spending time with great friends I set up a non-profit to help shorten the distance to recovery from trauma and depression We join with people who truly want to help themselves We offer these adventurous souls a community of the right relationships and a portfolio of Resiliency skills and tools And what's the name of that? It's a little bit of forward thinking I'm just on the overall right now I was putting in the paperwork. It's called warrior tribe and The focus is going to be full trauma metal on this and I want to get into Atrescuth For you can awesome man the kids that were like me that are one decision away from Winding up in the federal prison system. Yeah, or winding up on a great career in the military or some other path You know takes one decision I got lucky, you know You know what I just want to close it out with what you close this book out with Joseph Clark Schwedler It comes in waves now and again There's an overwhelming feeling of disbelief that gives away to frustration Then my eyes usually well up It's been going on for years now. I've lost so many people it takes a toll Clark was the kind of man you want your son to grow up to be He was smart driven had a great sense of humor was tough but thoughtful and responsible He was a born leader and he made us all better people after missions we'd be tired But Clark he would be working out so we'd work out too He was like a Swiss army knife. He was our navigator our intel collections guy a team leader sensitive Sight exploitation officer and one of our Iraqi army combat advisors He picked up everything fast and became great at whatever he did Clark's dream was to be an AV seal He was a Midwestern kid from crystal falls on northern Michigan town of 1,469 people He was a senior class president played high school football and basketball and ran track He did two years at Michigan state and joined the rowing team knowing Clarky He did it because the workouts were grueling and he wanted to stay in shape He followed his heart abandoned college And enlisted in the Navy to fulfill his dream of becoming a seal Clarky got to live his dream and did what he loved to do Every time I saw him he had a smile on his face What gives me peace is knowing that if I died doing my job as a seal I would have no regrets And I know Clarky felt the same way For those of us who have lost friends and family members in this war the losses connect us While we may be strangers we know each other well There is a surprising comfort in being together in this painful club We don't have words to describe the depth of our grief, but we don't need them Because we can feel each other sorrow There's a saying time heals all wounds It doesn't It only makes them slightly less painful I may again meet up with Clarky on the other side of this life I'm looking forward to it You know a lot knowing They just put some new stars and paws on the They could worry and virgin in each I didn't even know about the dogs at past I think one of them was a suicide died by suicide Terrible place to be but since I've been there I know I can't get there again And that was one phone call from one person that stopped me so Almost didn't answer that phone Yeah, and I think homobviously the less in there is Well, it messes a lot of people up the secondary tertiary effects I told our nutritionists about it. You helped me out with the guys that I was assigned to Told her what I'd almost done and she was like do you know how many people that would hurt? I never considered that I thought I was doing people a favor. That's how rational I was But I've been around families where there's been a death by suicide and it It's terrible what it does to the people that are left behind It's They don't recover from it Well, you know, this this kind of tribute that you wrote there in the end to Clark It's awesome, but you know from my perspective there's there's no more powerful tribute than you can make then Then doing what you're doing right now, you know trying to help other people out Trying to live a good life take carry family and and really Sharing all the things that you've been through and how you made it through them with other people and I think there's nothing better that you could do to truly on reclarks His sacrifice and I do want to make it clear to it. I am still seeking a continuum of care I'm recently looking at a program called Sabah warrior which hand-fold guys have gone to The last three years of my life probably be a lot better book This stuff that I've been dealing with is last three years and the fact that I'm able to manage it is is pretty incredible to me, but I don't know I think some people think oh I've had my eyes handed me up into this point nothing else is going to happen I mean shit still going to happen and I've just been able to get to the point where No matter how bad I got my eyes handed to me I somehow fixed it or somebody helped me fixed it and I just had that mindset now. I don't care if the rest of you turn into zombies. I'll figure it out what it happens But your point you're pointing saying that you're still you still are on the path of You still know you need help now. Yeah, I think everybody does There was a point in my life when I would have said now I'm fine, but there's always room for improvement That's an easy way for someone You say you don't have to say you need help, right? It's room for improvement. Yeah, that's a that's a better of team guy way of saying it Because a team guy never wants to say I need some help, but if you say to a team guy don't you want to get don't you want to improve? 99% of team guys say hell yeah, I want to improve and another thing with that to it takes you while to get to a bad state You know that one week program's not going to do it a continuum of care and that's working out good diet You know taking care of the things that that lower the stress hormones It's it's not just one thing. It's it's a lifestyle change You can't expect to be well if you're taking down a fifth every day And I'm not going to be a hit for create. I probably drink too much beer But But I also take in all the nutrients and vitamins and I need to be for a drink too much beer Oh Well, hey man look we've been going at it over three hours right now Where can people people can find you Instagram? Yeah, my Instagram handle is Mike day 53 26 My social media is a train wreck until I hire somebody. I don't know what I'm doing and my website I have a website my daughter who's my GI bill to get a Graphic design degree did my website is perfectly wounded.com. Okay, so that's where people can find you Any other any other closing thoughts No, I just There is no easy button nobody's coming Nobody's gonna take care of you better than you can take care of yourself It's they're I can't say enough. There's not an easy button you train yourself to get yourself to a certain point That's your mindset that's training and you just look at it like that if you can train into a bad mindset you can train out And And if you are hanging out with a bunch of depressed people or people That are like minded that that are negative you're gonna catch it I mean we used to kill that stuff in the sealed teams there's always want that one guy that bitch didn't complain about everything And if you didn't stop it then his buddy started bitchening complain and then it was like a damn disease The negative thoughts and negative actions are not gonna fix and I'll fit the jackdainals everyday doesn't fix it You eventually you're not to still deal with it fff Right all man those are little freaking good good guidance right there and Man thanks for sitting down here. Thanks for talking with a thanks for coming all the way out here Thanks for thanks for everything you did for the teams and for the navy and for America and Man the example you set for You know For people not not just for what you did in the teams but like the example you're setting right now being Put yourself out there explaining how to overcome things It's freaking awesome man. I appreciate it. I don't like giving advice. I'll try to live by example You know, it was came back from black rifle those those people Yep MPTs still going through surgeries and Their lives are so much harder just to get up at a bed, you know a paraplegic and what a pain of the butt that is but they They still fight through it and they were living by example And when I was at the care collection it did kind of help me for a long time I could I complain when you know Dan can ask and say the bulk double above the NPD Taylor morse is a quad a help and I'm never seen the guy be upset So it is it is inspiring to see people that we assume have a worse deal Which is a hard thing for people to get across to like I don't have the right to feel this way because that guys worse for that girls worse Which is not true. You know everybody's issues are there issues and They have to be addressed even though you don't have The worst deal You know be happy you don't have the worst deal. You don't have to fix that one Yeah, you might not have the worst deal, but it's your deal and you got to deal with it Awesome man Appreciate it brother. Thanks guys And with that Mike Day has left the building Awesome to see him and that ends up being yet another excuse removal podcast What does that mean meaning It's kind of hard to make excuses when you're get done talking about like that. Who's been through a lot And he's not making excuses so Well echo Charles yeah, yeah, that's uh It's almost like you can kind of just refer to that every single time You know something's going wrong for you and probably others too. We be like well at least I didn't get shot 27 times You know true statement my thumb almost ripped off Yeah, it's weird you can keep or that he can keep his head straight when he looks down and be like oh Yeah, my thumbs almost off as well, you know Yeah, I said this I said team guy mode. Yeah, and I don't use that term lightly, but just from reading it and Talk new about it. He was in full team guy mode, which is when you're just like on it I'm gonna make things happen right now. Just yeah, so Yeah, what we did well Speaking of excuse removal what do you think we can do to help ourselves and each other removes and excuses and stay on the path stay capable. I think stay capable Of course you're not gonna well we all have our challenges right like how you guys were saying uh Like people's challenges are more or lesser whatever, but there are We have like that's what you're saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah, but there might challenge is or our challenges anyway So we're all gonna have our challenges, but we want to stay capable. Yeah, I think so With capability comes Exercise I think well you heard you heard Mike mentioned about a thousand times of working out Right staying in shape eating good food eating good food supplementation supplementation is a thing Very helpful thing anyway, so yeah supplementation jockel has fuel By what is supplementation jockel fuel so what kind of supplementation for your joints is a big one Keep your joints in the game my kids saw a guy do a backflip. It was a big muscle guy And he was doing a bunch of other stuff and there was a kid involved in the video and He was doing so and my daughter, you know she's curious she's seven so Everything the guy did she was like hey dad, can you do that? Mm-hmm and the answer was yes every single time she would be like hey prove it so I'd have to like prove it, you know and there was like a rope in it too So we I didn't have to prove that part of it and he she was like He was doing like a bunch of stuff and I was like It was the list was going on and on and I was like I was doing good at first but after while I started to get nervous like Bro this guy is pretty starting to get out side of your realm of capabilities. It looked like he was about to you know Cuz he just kept doing stuff and I looked at him. I was like using good shape one of those athletic shapes too muscle guy. I'm like okay, all right, all right, and then finally the last thing he did was this backflip Sort of the finale of the video like saying thanks for watching and he does a backflip And I remember back in the day I could do a backflip straight up What do you call it a tuck? I think it's called you know the kind of you Absolutely yeah, so But I'm like oh man if I were to bust out about backflip right now because of course you want to see right now I'd probably hurt myself But if I warmed up a little bit, I think I could do it right now I'm spreadsheet you can go for it at the pool's edge and say hey listen, P I can do it but I'm gonna do it over here by the pool just if because I'm cold right now See this guy warms up a lot. Yeah, that's all right That's actually what I said. It was like, yeah, he's warming up. Of course. You know, she's like okay So now everyone's gonna all show me like hey, just warm up do it before your workout You know like I got a bus I'll take excuse. It's been about 10 years since I did it And you can get hurt if you don't do it correctly. So the last thing I need is for me to double down and get injured in front of my daughter, you know kind of blow her whole image of me But she knows I can do it in the pool. Sure already knows that because I don't think I could get away from the pool thing on the less If I practice when she's not looking like in the pool or whatever, I'll pull it off But here's the thing I'm a little bit older now So my joints Could take a beating if I wasn't on that supplementation this one of the things I was thinking about as I'm explaining it to her like I could pull it off Just need to up your joint warfare Just I might have to you know just to first sit, you know for safety sake as it was Nonetheless, yeah, so take the joint warfare just in case somebody else you do a back flip for sure Talk whatever should not inside the pool or other things. Let's let's face each right a climber rope or something like this You should all just get hurt, but if you join so good you're good also krill oil super krill oil And also that vitamin D yeah get on that vitamin D Makes a little vitamin D with your cold war immunity system strong. Yeah, boost the immune system also milk. Yeah, I was gonna say don't forget about Discipline discipline go a Discipline powder we've got all kind of discipline. Yeah, a little bit of that When you need that little Accelerant yeah to kind of ignite things try it out. You might like it. Yeah, and the and the the juggle Palmer both Powder and the Can't I think sort of the leading flavor? It was the tropic one, but I think yeah, I think that kind of it's set in stone I think in my sour apple apple sniper Out right now by the way jade nails custom signature Jp Nell signature line What doesn't good deal. It's good too. I've tried you know, I try obviously I tried the sour apple sniper and it's really good. Yeah, it's gonna it's really good It's really good and yes, they've burq good deal. Yes He also has a flavor coming a signature flavor. Yeah, yeah, yeah, those are interesting too because you get this is the orange afterburner orange You um These energy drinks the RTD cans you kind of and I kind of forget this from time to time Two, I'm like okay, I need energy drink, but it's not just the energy drink you get the discipline and you don't get like for real chemicals Yeah, yeah, you don't that's that's so yeah There's no sugar in it. It's sweet with monk fruit still tastes good and but what's even next level is that it's pasteurized So there's no chemicals that keep things stable Which we had to go through a long period of of Testing and to find the place and to make this drink the way it is. So yeah check that out. Yeah, it's like a Um it'd be a disservice to call it a health drink Even though it essentially is a health drink You know what I'm starting to feel over here is that when we do a podcast like this where you don't say much during that podcast portion Maybe that sort of build some pent-up conversation where where you want to converse with you about stuff Oh, that yeah, and it seemed like you had plotted out a whole kind of topic here that we were gonna go into Yeah, you are gonna go right you know I feel it too, but and you know now that you mentioned that you're right You're actually yeah in real life you're right and here's what's crazy That's a long podcast. That's the challenge right? So I'm thinking okay cool Just in the front of our podcast and I'm like echo, you know We'll just kind of burn through people kind of know what's up They want to support the podcast. They're gonna get the game They know what to go to origin main.com. We can just kind of let them know But then we're talking about backfix That's what we're talking about Bro, you know how like okay, I see then what I do is I screw up isn't that I bring it up I should just keep my mouth shut be like up backflips cool. Yeah RTD up good where your kid moke get it yep, yeah, but I don't I think I Take the bait. I take the bait. It's kind of bait because 100% bait. Well, okay, so we're all at home You know a lot of us. I mean, you know some some of sort of going out a little bit more than others But like I'm one of the people I'm at home a lot So I take I talk to the same four people in my family varying levels of age. Okay, you know in maturity levels So after while it gets repetitive so when I see you, you know once a week I'm like hey man, let's do this talk. Let's face it and that's not that's a common thing like because sometimes we can go straight up two hours before we've been Pressure cord because we're you know whatever whatever and when you think about it I'm just realizing this just now like we kind of rolled in where you like kind of all business. Yeah, so you're correct. You know like that you've got a whole sort of like Excessive conversations floating in the air had to just Yeah, I've done all in the camera here with a zero I'd be just as soon like read off the stuff you tell where to go and we leave I'd be down with that. I understand. Okay. All right. Well, hey, let's beat it up, but hey, let's you know bear with me if you will So yes Discipline can powder all that good for your brain good for your body keep it keeping keep yourself on the path and capable by the way Mulk extra protein in the form of a dessert eating dessert like what ice cream or Snickers bars for dessert. I guess that's not really a dessert. That's my candy bar, but like a cake a bun to cake But don't do that. That'll take you up the path. Yeah Jocco White tea don't forget about that organic and you can get all this stuff at origin main.com or You can go to the Videman shop right around the corner if you got one around the corner for you You can go check it out there and then we also At origin main.com We make all kinds of stuff for you to wear on your body Things that you can wear when you are doing jiu-jitsu like jiu-jitsu geese like rash cards T-shirts if you're not doing jiu-jitsu, you still need to wear something on your body Wear a t-shirt you probably need some on your legs Sometimes wear some origin jeans wear some aeropin origin boots if you need something on your foot They got your whole body covered with your whole body covered beans do and here's the thing This is you've kind of thrown it in the end like it's no big deal Everything that I just said is 100% made in America without compromise You're supporting America you're supporting local people that are making things happen our people Bringing back this industry They bring back man you factoring to America So go to origin main.com get yourself some of that stuff if you need to cover up your foot There are other places also speaking of clothing. Let's just say close a parallel if you were actually a parallel Some more like a like a Like a it's a bit spectacular. Yeah, what would say close how this okay speaking of which Jocco has a store called jocco store Some new things on there, but this is the place where you can get discipline equals freedom good Get after you know Representing while on the path with closing from jocco store So go to jocco store.com. This link with stream shirts hats jackets. You know a lot of times I say like oh, this is ours Sure, but let me ask you a question is my new t-shirt up yet. Yes, all right Good, yeah, t-shirt is up. Yes, some people noticed it too. Oh, right and they know that they text me You know jack Daniel Hill. Yeah, so he texted me. He was like hey, I hope you're doing good I do sure it is awesome, and it's not like he texted me every day too. So it was like a thing so After many years of planning could I've been wanting to do this for you how many years if we have been planning that t-shirt three Three years I've been planning to teach her so it's a t-shirt on the front of the t-shirt It says two words hard to core Rekondos you all know where that comes from if you don't Don't worry about it. You'll figure it out at some point and on the back it's got the It's got phonetic letters The phonetic letters it has on the back Our November Fox trot Sierra And if you don't know what those mean don't worry about it If you do know what those things mean then you'll probably be when you see me you'll be seen me where in that t-shirt get some Or core contest. Well, you up down is there jocco store and calm you see anything else on their hey man get it Could we to represent while on the path while supporting also If you want to get the book perfectly wounded by Mike Day We got it on the website joccopotcast.com and the sections where the books are you see it books from the episode we got you there I'll just click through there. It'll take you to Amazon you can buy a boom straight from Amazon also Subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already on your iTunes or stitch or Google play you know wherever you listen to to podcasts, you know subscribe and easy one click boom easy money and there's not just this podcast We also have The unraveling podcast which it gonna have its own What's it called it's own feed at some point right now. We're kind of dual broadcasting Get people in the game a little bit make sure that you know it's out there, but eventually we'll break that off so look for The jocco unraveling podcast. We got the ground podcast. We get the warrior kid podcast We got warrior kids soap From Irish Oaks Ranch dot com you can get soap so that you and everyone you know can Stay clean we got a YouTube channel this where echo puts tons of special effects in two minute videos and then puts no special effects in of three hour video Lot of people a lot of people don't agree with that, but that's what echoes doing in according to him That's the way it should be so whatever I'll also have an album called psychological warfare where I will tell you some little things to do to get through moment to weakness Which we won't got a little moment to weakness a Tacom That's what I'm saying if you need some support attacking you support by fire position press play Listen to some psychological warfare if you need a visual signal for Overcoming in a moment a weakness go to flip side canvas dot com Dakota Meyer He's making all kinds of cool stuff also made in America to hang on your wall and remind you That you need to stay on the path got a bunch of books obviously Mike days book perfectly wounded We got the code We got leadership strategy intact this field man. We got way the warrior kid one two and three we got way the we got Mikey and dragons We got discipline equals freedom field manual. We got the the dichotomy of leadership and then the OG book Extreme ownership written by me and my brother, Dave Babin We also have a leadership consultancy called echelon front Where we solve problems through leadership go to echelon front dot com for details and also we have An online training program and I'll tell you what I'm gonna do I'm gonna do some some jockel live events on a f online jockel live events So if you missed the world tour that I did you miss the world tour that I did I went around America talking everyone meeting everyone. I'm gonna do some of those on The internet so you'll be able to tune in live ask questions I'm gonna do those through eF online no date scheduled yet, but it's common and by the way you're after weight Because if you want to talk to me go to eF online dot com and I'm their answer in questions The whole team's there You can interact with me right there. So check that out also If you want to see us in person go to you can go to extrem ownership dot com and come to our Master which is a leadership conference next one is Phoenix Arizona September 16th and 17th December 3rd and 4th is gonna be a Dallas Texas They've all sold out these are gonna sell out to if you want to come get there early And of course we also have eF overwatch if you need Leadership inside your organization we have connections from the military That understand the principles we talk about go to ef overwatch dot com if you want to support If you want to support service members around the world go to americas mighty warriors dot org It is Mark Lee's mom momily and she is doing her best to provide for People in the military their families gold star families all over the world You can go there and either donate or you can get involved and if you're a glutton for punishment And you want to hear more of my Freetness contentions or per chance for some strange reason You'd like to hear more of echoes Rezabill reflections than you can find us on the inner webs On Twitter on Instagram and on Facebook echo is that echo Charles and I am at jocca wynnek and of course Mike day is at Mike day 53 26 and Speaking of Mike thanks once again to Mike For setting such an awesome example Not only for his deeds on the battlefield, but for the example he sets in life Putting the word out there explaining what he's been through and how he has gotten through it And it's all all of our other military members of the past present and future Thanks to all of you as well for also setting an example of service and sacrifice And for allowing us to live in freedom and To police and law enforcement and the firefighters and paramedics and EMTs and the dispatchers and the correctional officers and the border patrol Bortak Secret service and all the other first responders Thanks to each of you for your service as well and thanks for keeping us safe in our times of need Into everyone else out there We know life is rough and we know there will be pain and whether that pain is at the hands of an abuser at the hands of an enemy or at the hands of nature or time or disease There will be pain But with a man like Mike day as an example You can overcome You can get through it You can drive on and you do that by getting up every day and getting after it And until next time This is echo and jackel out