 This is Jocco podcast number 73. With echo Charles and me, Jocco Willick. Good evening, I go. Good evening. It has been quite a few episodes since we did some Q&A. You'll answer some questions from the interwebs. We had a series of guests, hate a couple books, and just kind of slid a little bit on Q&A. So, Q&A. Yeah. Let's rock. Let's question number one. Question number one. Yeah. Boom. Question number one. Jocco. Do you have to make a conscious effort not to overreact the situations, or is it natural slash ingrained now? I would say at this point, it's fairly ingrained, and I don't overreact to a lot of stuff anymore. In fact, some of them, I just don't react to stuff. Yeah. The honest with you, things are going on. I'll just be sort of, okay, yep, not the head. Listen to what's happening, listen to the people freaking out, and I don't overreact to a lot of stuff. That's, I think it's pretty ingrained right now. And I would say that in order to get there, you know, in order to try and move in that direction, because that is the best way to be. Again, I'm not saying to be a robot. I'm not saying you should have no emotions, and you should never show any. I'm not saying that. But you shouldn't, you should have some control over those emotions, especially from a leadership perspective, right? That's what I'm talking about. You're from a leadership perspective. So, one of the things that you can do is when you, when chaos starts to hit, you know, make sure that, what does this look like from the outside? What do I look like from the outside? When somebody says something to you that's traumatic or is going to cause a disturbance, or it's going to cause problems, immediately think you're something, okay, what am I going to look like from the outside right now? What am I going to look like to them if they're recording this? Oh, yeah. In your head, like they're recording this, and we're going to go sit down and watch it later when they first came out with in the SEAL teams, and we started recording people as they enter rooms, and as we did, primarily close quarters combat scenarios, so you've got guys and tight quarters, and they're making very quick decisions. And you start singing what you look like. And it makes you better. You know, that's why that's one of the reasons why you do it. The same thing with you, Jitu, you've watched the tape or MMA, you watched the tape of what someone's doing, if a ball, they do that in every sport, right? They watch the tape, see what you look like, see what mistakes you made. So when someone hits you with something, that's disturbing or is going to cause problems, picture that you're being recorded, and you're going to have to watch the play by play later with your team and look at what, how much you lost your temper, how much you've got frazzled, and what a disaster you were. So that's what I would picture, or as you start to move in the direction of, hey, I'm not going to get frazzled by problems. I'm just going to listen. I'm going to assess, I'm going to make decisions, and move forward. Yeah. Pretty easy. Pretty simple. Thank you. That play when they say, play, let's go to the video tape. You know, let's play and we're in football, man, in meetings, they, you know, big screen, projector, get echo. The little laser pointer. Yes, exactly. So when men, when you mess up, and everyone's looking, what are you doing here? They pause it, and it shows you, like, mid mess up, you know, man, it's like, they put you on the stage and just throw tomatoes at you. That's what it feels like. Yeah. That's how you get better though. Yeah, a great, totally agree. And in a way, I told you I used to do this where it had to do with more like getting mad, like if I find myself getting mad, you know, something overreaction kind of where I'd really shame myself, kind of like, man, that's embarrassing. You got mad, kind of thing. So it would be on my mind the whole time where any time I fell myself getting mad, it'd be on my mind. Like, oh, look at me. I'm being one of those guys. So it's kind of the same thing, but it's in your own head kind of thing. Yeah, and it's really boils down to something I talk about all the time, detachment. Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Being able to picture yourself. What do I look like right now? Am I appearing to be a panic, stricken, loser? Yes. I come cool, collected, leader that's going to step up, make a good decision, assess the situation and move forward. Yeah. Let's look like that guy. The winner, the leader. What about if you're like, what about if you're tired, like you didn't get it a lot of sleep for a few years right now? Yeah, no factor. No, okay, no. No, no. You know, people get irritable. People get irritable. Yeah, get tired. Which I actually find amusing. Yeah. But that's a real thing. Yeah, it is a real thing. So you know what that means, you need to feed you. If you're one of those people, that's going to be in that mode. You need to be aware of that and you need to focus even more on not overreacting, and acting like a baby because you're tired. Like a big yeah, exactly. That's a good way of like a baby. Yeah, like a baby. Yeah. What does a baby do you start crying? Yes. And that's actually kind of the point there where you know, I used to be one of the before head kids, you know, how when the kid is acting up, you know, your friends kid is acting up and then you're like, oh, I want to write a kid. But the parent of the kid always is like, oh, he's just tired or she's just tired. Yeah. And you know, like you thought it was a lie. Why? Why? She just started. No, your kid is a brat. That's what you kind of think, you know, your kid's not tired. That's a brat. Always judging. You know, I think most people without kid that's half. And after a while, especially when you have kids, you start to realize, oh, I'm in. There's a difference in kids behavior. Yeah. Maybe fundamental because this is the one year we're talking about, you know, it's not like he learned to start crying when he's tired. It's like when you're tired, you're just less patient. Even as an adult, you've been tired and you're like waiting for something. When you're tired and you're waiting for something and it's not coming as quick as you expected. Yeah. What you're used to? Yeah. Here's the problem that I run with, with waiting or being held up or when I, this is how I can realize that's a control freak, a kind of is going to the airport because if you're running late in the airport, you can't control TSA. Yeah. They're going to take. And of course, if I'm on time for my flight, waiting in the TSA line for five minutes is not a big deal at all. If I'm late for my flight, five minutes is an eternity and their pathetic and their losers and their slow. And it's all on me. It's all on me because I went to the airport late. So I'm not, I get to the airport early because I don't like to have the feeling of things I can't control. So I'm going to do the best to mitigate it. That's one of those situations. If you get all tired and then you get all angry and you start crying like a baby, then guess what? Get more sleep and or and or because sometimes you don't have the choice and you get less sleep. So put yourself in check and try and get control those emotions instead of acting like a baby. Yeah. I put in in the where you could book one of the lines is Mark. He's all bummed out and the line was he started crying like a baby. And and and the the editors were like, you know, you might not want to say that. You know what kind of gives a bad thing about crying. Crying is bad and crying is bad and crying is baby is. And I said, no, actually you're crying like a baby and baby is cry and you know, when you're a 10 year old kid, you shouldn't be crying like a baby. And it's him saying about himself, you know, so they were a little sensitive about that one, but once I kind of debriefed him on it, we were good. The line remained Mark in his own words broke down start crying like a baby. Right. So yeah, because crying like a baby technically is not the same thing is just normal crying for stuff. Yeah, sure. Like you're trying like a because why they say crying like a baby really is probably because baby's cry for literally everything, right? Anything that they're not happy about the baby. Because he doesn't know how to talk. So if you're crying like a baby, you're crying for every little thing. There you go. But if you're just crying over, you know, whole life I go or whatever the movie is, you're watching, then that's what we're different, you know what I'm saying? The line remained. That's the good thing. That's the key right there. Next question. Any advice for a second lieutenant, one month into IOC and a couple of months from this, standing in front of a PLT, plus two of Marines for the first time. You know what, I almost did answer this one because I answered it all the time for every different person that's going into a leadership position. But I'm going to answer one more time just to make sure I'm going to make it brief. I'm going to make it quick. But if you're going into a new leadership position, whether you're going to be in charge of a Marine Corps, Platoon or an Army Platoon or a Seal Platoon or a Division at a company or a sports team, whatever you're going to be in charge, the principles are the same, right? We're going to be humble. Number one, we're going to listen. We're not going to act like we know everything because we don't because we're new. There's going to be a gunny sergeant in that platoon that actually does know a lot of stuff. You don't. You don't go in there asking like you do. You're going to take suggestions. You're going to ask for advice. You're going to heed the advice when it comes your way. And now you're going to work harder than everybody else that goes well. It's going to outwork everybody. They're going to respect that. And then when the time comes to be decisive and you've taken on board the various inputs, you're going to be decisive. Once you've been decisive, that doesn't mean that you're going to hold on and burn in with that idea, that decision that you made, you can change your mind sometimes. That's the one thing that always freaked me out about politicians when the politicians would change their mind and everyone say, oh, they're a flip flopper. They change their mind. You know, more information comes to light and your attitude can evolve. You know, your opinion can evolve. That's not a horrible thing to me. Now, if you have somebody that's flip flopping their fundamental principles, that can obviously, and if the reason for them doing that isn't for new information, it's because they want this person vote for me or that group of people to vote for me. Well, then that's obviously a different thing. But for you to analyze your decision and then let it mature and change, that's not that big of a deal. And people will get paranoid that your troops won't respect that. I said, we're going to come in for the West. So we're just going, I'm not going to change my mind because I'll look weak. No, no, no, no. You actually look weak by maintaining a stupid opinion or maintaining course. That's a bad, the course or bad decision. So don't do that. Just be humble. Be decisive when you have to be, or when you when you need to be. And then, so remember, there's been all these other leaders throughout history. Thousands and thousands of years that have stepped up and taken charge of stuff and gone after it. So you're going to make some mistakes. So is everybody that people that are that you're working for made mistakes, too. That gun resurgent made mistakes. You know, he wasn't perfect. So you're going to make mistakes. No, not that big of a deal. You make a mistake. What do you do? Learn from it, move forward. So that's what you do with the new leadership position and good luck man. The Petune Commander, Petune Commander, Petune Commander, that's what you want to be. And that's what you got. Go and get it. Semper Fi and thanks for your service. Yeah, that's, I think that's one, my opinion, is that this question and this answer that you just gave that I don't think that gets old because that's all hard on it. And no one feels comfortable. Yeah, actually, let me rephrase that. The people that feel comfortable already getting their take charge, they're generally the least ready and are going to have the worst performance because their, their ego's big and they believe that they're going to crush it. This guy, this second lieutenant, he is humble. He's aware. He's like, hey man, what can I do? How can I be ready for this? That's, that's the perfect place to be at. Yeah, like a healthy amount of doubt. Yeah, the late, late told that story a couple times where when he was the executive officer of the sealed team or the ops officer to seal team, if he called out and I was running training, so his seal team was going through training and he would call, you know, the Petune Commander, the troop commander and he's, you know, how's everything going out there? And if he's, if they answered, we're crushing it. Right, right. Late would say, uh, oh, we got issues because, because, factually, he, you know, he knew, you know, he knew I was running training, the wasn't anyone's going to crush the training early running. And so if their answer wasn't, you know, hey, the training is really hard and we're doing our best. We're learning a lot. Those guys, he's okay. They're good to go and I'll go see him, you know, in a week or so. If they said they were crushing it, he said, yeah, I'm going to come out and see you guys tomorrow. And then when they get out there, he'd say what's going on. I'd say, that's not good. So yeah, that attitude of we're crushing it is generally an indicator of, you know, you're probably not doing the best job. Yeah. So stay humble. That's the indicator of how they're going to move forward to, you know, like their attitude and work out. I'm doing great. Yeah, no. You're not doing great. None of us are. At a minimum, we can do better. Right. So the minute you say, I'm doing great, go backwards. Next question. How long did it take you to get promoted to a blue belt? And how often were you training during that time? So real simple question. It took me, I think about nine or 10 months to get my blue belt sheet. And when I was at that time, I, I was at Sulteen one. I was in the training department. And I had a lot of opportunity to train. At that time, Clinton years, not a lot of money. To train in the sealed teams. So less trips, shorter trips, less travel. So we were staying around a little bit more. No war going on on top of all that. So we were, we were home a little bit more. And so I trained all the time. I would go to lunch at lunch. I would zip over to Fabio Santos. OK. And train the lunch time class. And then I'd zip back and do work. And then we'd get done. I'd go back. And I would do the beginner class. And then I would do the advanced class. And then I would roll a dean and hegs and James Nielsen and Craig and the rest of the guys that were there at Fabio at the time. And Fabio used to kick dean and I off the mat at like nine o'clock at night. Yeah, take it to you long. Yeah, and he'd say, why don't you guys get a life? Why are you doing? And we'd say we're just training the juit to do. You say we got a life. It's right here. I'll leave you this. This is it. And so it was mostly at Fabio's like, you know, you said you'd like train with your, you know, your guys, you weren't trained to whatever was there that going on? Yeah, yeah, anybody that wanted to roll with me, I had the same policy that I have right now. You want to roll? Yeah. Let's roll. Well, I have my gear. It's in my bag right now. If you want to train, we'll train. Oh, it's, you know, Thursday afternoon and it's two o'clock and we don't have any work to do and you want to train cool. We'll train. So yeah, I was doing that all the time. And the thing is once I got blue belt, because I think I got blue belt pretty quickly. And but I was a blue belt for a long time because I write as I was probably getting close to getting my purple belt. I left California and I went to Virginia Beach. Once I got to Virginia Beach stepped into a new dojo with Gustavo Machado. And you know, started training with Gustavo and I'm just a blue belt, right? And so he's got to know, learn me figure out what my personality is like. See what my potential is as a person. And I trained really hard there. But I was also gone a lot traveling and that's why I was traveling a lot on the road. And I would train with guys on the road and I went on deployment, train with guys on the deployment and then it would come back in a town. And so I didn't get consistent enough with him eyes with him where he said, hey, this guy's ready for his purple belt. So by the time I might have been close to him thinking, okay, you know what? And he started looking to him for purple belt went back to San Diego. Got back to San Diego. And now I check back into Fabios. Well, it's been two years, bro. You need to prove yourself again. So it was almost like I was at the bottom of the pecking order in terms of time and rain, even though I'd been a blue belt for a long time. So I ended up being a blue belt for a long time. I want to say it was a blue belt for maybe like five years. Yeah, that's. And I was a good blue belt. Don't get me wrong. Sure, of course it were. And but you know, it was a long time. When you jump around from school to school and the instructor doesn't know you well enough, it doesn't see you on a regular basis and can't assess your improvement because that's the thing with you, Jitsu. In my opinion, for your, you don't get your belt. There's not a level playing field for every person. So in other words, it's not, hey, these are the skills required for blue belt and now you get your blue belt. And then you learn these other, you know, these other 127 other moves and now you get your purple belt. Now there's three hundred and ten moves to get your, it's not like that at all. Yeah. In fact, it's also not, hey, how do you as a blue belt do against this other group of blue belts? What it is, and I know this sounds a little bit cliche, but it's, it's really how good or you against you, right? Because if somebody, you know, you let's say you get somebody that starts, you Jitsu when they're older, you know, maybe they're 55 years old. They're going to go and they train until they're 62 or they're training and training and training. Here's skill level. They're getting injured. They're having issues. They got to work. They got to do a bunch of things and they can't, they're hobbyists, right? They're not focused and they can only train so much. They learn the moves. They get better 10 years go by. There's a chance that they're going to be a black belt based on the fact that, hey, as a 55 year old person that came in here and started training and it moves that you've learned and how you've applied them according to your athletic ability and your physical capability at the time. Hey, it's been 10 years, which is a pretty rough number for like, you know, forgetting your black belt. So that's acceptable. But you might get a kid that's a really good athlete that in two years can destroy that guy and he's not getting his black belt because you're saying, what is your potential? How good can you be as a black belt? That's the question. So really, it's almost a compliment. The longer it takes you to get your belts, that means, in my opinion, that means the better you're going to, that means the better that you're instructor thinks you're going to be. Yeah. That's my, that's my thought. And not everyone does it like that. You know, some people think, oh, if this purple belt can be that purple belt, you know, this purple belt's better. Yeah. And if this purple belt can be the brown belt, then I need to give him his brown belt. Not too many think people think that way. You know, who thinks that way? The purple belt. I can beat the brown belt. I should be a brown belt. No. No wrong. Yeah. So true. And there's so many, there's so many of those little things. Like the reason an instructor might be influenced to give someone, I mean, typically, they're not going to give someone a belt based solely on the fact that he taps out that, you know, brown belt. So, but it is influenced by that. It is. Oh, there's all these weird things. There's stuff like, sometimes I'm watching like a two blue belts and they'll see that I'm watching and it turns into a death mask. There's no monster tab. Actually, you know what? That's just saw a video of a guy with a camera. I think you put it on. I saw that live. What kind of intro does elbow you think? Because look like it's elbow. Yeah, maybe like crap. Yeah, didn't tap to the camera. The camera is a beast, man. The camera is a beast. You know, you can not tap to a footlock. You can not tap to. You can even not tap to a heel hook. You look and go really sideways. But you don't tap to a camera. You're probably going to have some issues. Yeah. I'm not able to watch. Like I've seen guys like get their, you know, their knee and stuff, you know, heel hook and it's like, oh, I'll take that. Yeah, but man, like, like, you know, when you see the guys, arm just bent that way. Man, man, and I did it post that video. Someone else posted it. I would never post videos like that. In fact, I don't like to watch that. I saw live. Is that what I did to your shoulder recording to the success rate? Almost separated your shoulder separated. It did not people do that. I know it sounded nice and dramatic. But it didn't happen. Yeah, I don't think you've ever almost said that. It's not even a shoulder. No. Yeah, but as far as, as far as people getting, uh, instruction is getting influenced on a wide of give guys belts or a higher belt. Like some instructions, for example, they'll be influenced now. But to give a guy higher belt because I want to have more black belts underneath, you know, we have a team of black belts. And typically that'll have a lot to do with sales, you know, like where I can be like, hey, I have, you know, a team of, you know, and I've heard the sales pitch, you know, where it's like, hey, we have seven, seven black belts on the mat, three world champ. You know, that's good. That's good. So people might be influenced by that. And then they'll be like, okay, maybe I'll give these two guys their belt. So now we have four black belts or whatever. There's that. And then they're, if that's the reason, you know, I mean, it is good to have 10 black belts in your association. Yeah, because that is good to do. Yeah, for sure. And but then there's the opposite too. Or guys will be like, if they're in this typically happens if they're competing. So if a coach is like, A, I got these five brown belts there. Obviously on the level of black belt knowledge performance, all this stuff. But when they go in the tournament in the brown belt, they're killing. We got gold medals, gold team medals every time. So though then there's that sandwich bag in. Centenne bag in the black. Right. So there's, yeah, there's all those things. In regards to the belt, I said this before. I'm gonna say it again. The belt really doesn't have to do with how good you think you are or how good even you know you are. If you're like, hey, I'm tapping a, you know, I'm a white belt. For example, I'm white belt and I'm hanging with the purple belts. I'm tapping blue belts and brown belts are getting. I'm giving them a hard time. So I should be a blue belt. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter at all. And you know, it sounds like an exaggeration. It doesn't matter at all. It doesn't matter who's a little bit here. I think no, it doesn't. Your skill is evaluated by your instructor. That's the reason why you can be at a certain level. Leave. Come back and still not because of your instructor. You can be going dominating everywhere. Then instructor has to evaluate. Yeah, that's exactly what happened with me. And it wasn't a negative thing. It was like, hey, you've been gone for two years. We're gonna see where you're at, Draco. Yeah. And it's not just one day thing. We're back in here and get your purple belt. Yeah. Just because you've been training for two straight years. Yeah. And you know what's interesting, too, is this, I obviously this applies to people in the business world. People trying to get promoted. And the more you're thinking, hey, I'm better at this job than this guy. I should get, there's something else going on. There's something you look at and the more frustrated you get about not getting that promotion, not getting taken care of, not getting noticed. Just do your job work hard. You know, don't worry about the promotion and the promotion promotion is going to come in most cases. Yeah. So I would even frame it where I would say in all cases, there are exceptions like everything else, but in all cases, that is the situation. Yeah. And think about this, too, when you in regards to like your belt, right? You just two belt. If I'm a white belt, Draco, you're my instructor. And I'm like, hey, I'm winning all these tournaments. All of them go not a point score all by submission. I'm tapping up blue belts and purple belts sometimes, hey, Jocko, give me my blue belt. All right. I can't do that. You, it's not up to me. Even if I beg you, I go on the internet, I post this petition. It's not up to me. See, this is the thing. You know, when you hear in martial arts, like old traditional martial arts, like you will learn humility and you will learn discipline. And they would teach it, you know, by teaching it, by talking about it. In the digital, it's real. Yeah. And when you flare up and say, where's my belt? That's you not being humble. That's you not, you know, just saying, hey, I need to work harder. I need to keep getting after it. And so you're learning that lesson there. Yeah. That's part of the lesson. That's the way it should be. You know, and again, I've mentioned this before in the podcast, just because someone is a G.J. two person, just because they're a black belt, doesn't mean they have the same. It doesn't mean they have like the best morals and values. It doesn't mean that at all. There could be people selling belts. There's people that sell belts. Oh, you, you go to take 10 privates with me $1000 each and then then you'll, that's how you get the black belt. Okay, cool. No, not cool. So there's a bunch of things like that too. You know, I want you to go open a pilot school for me somewhere. So I'm going to give you your black belt. You know, you're not that good. So that way you can, you can give me my, you know, 12% of your annual earnings. You know, those things like that happen. There's, you know, even worse things that happen, but the bottom line is an appearer, G.J. two cents. You should be working hard in getting promoted as it comes from your instructor. Yeah. So essentially the promote you. Is this sort of like an indirect way of you talking to me about your belt? No, not at all. Actually, actually, if it does apply to me, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It will less than anyone cares or doesn't care. Of course. I think everyone cares in one way or another. But I'd say the approach, it more has to do with the approach. Like just like I said, focus on getting better, focus on the learning. That's it. The belt is just a symptom of your learning. It's an eventuality essentially. Same thing or back to the fact that it doesn't have anything to do with the person, only the instructor on the flip side, what I said about, you know, if I think I'm, I think I'm a blue belt and I'm not getting my blue belt. What's up? It's not up to me. It's something structure. No matter what. Same thing is if you, you're like, hey, a promotion time. Hey, echo, here's your blue belt and I'm like, I'm not ready for this blue belt. I suck. I can't even do this. I can't give the belt back. I can't like take it off and then put it, you know, I mean, I'm sure there's some kind of excitement. There's that thing that happened long time ago with them with Anton. That wasn't a lot of time. I was like a year ago. Yeah, that's long time ago. Okay. But nonetheless, you know, I can't give it back to you when you get a motor. You're ready for it. Yeah. Put your belt on and start starting after your hard path. Because if nothing do with your opinion, that's the point there. So yeah, it's your instrument. And they keep training. Yeah. Because sometimes people get their belts and they stop training. Yeah, that's an integral. Here's the thing, all admit there was a point in my life where I was like concerned about that. I'm like, oh, I'm, you know, I'm better than this guy. I'm not going to say when which belt it was not recently my new. But that's three weeks ago. I guess I shouldn't sit. But man, I remember and when I think about that time man, how was it learning that much at all? I was just focusing on like, whoa, good. You do. So like, you know, your game kind is closed off. You don't learn much. You're concerned about, you know, all this stuff. And it's just happening. You're not taking your risks. Not learning. Yeah, exactly. And it just messes up your whole due to experience because you have that, you have that outlet added element of stress. It's not good. Don't do that. So don't even ask about belts. I think that's a good, that's a great. That isn't, that is a great policy. Yeah. That's the best policy for those. Do no and ask them to train hard and you'll get what's coming to you eventually. But sometimes people will ask you, hey, when are you going to get your blue belt or, you know, you know, people will ask you that whenever I don't know. Yeah, whatever. My Instagram's going to ask me when I'm going to get the red and black belt. I'll just get you know what else to be like. Talk to the way they're adding the coral belt. Interesting. Yeah. Good. Next question. What's the best approach to managing people that outperform you? Yeah, I think this is a simple question as well. You do in this situation as you give them all the support you can and let them run. I'm happy if someone's outperform me. That's great. You know what else I'll do? Trying to learn from them. Let's see what they're doing. Trying spread the word. If I'm going to leadership position and someone's doing outperforming everyone. Great. How can we take that? How can we teach everyone else? How can I give them supports they can run even faster? This is no factor to me. I love it. You should be surrounding. The more people you can bring on your team, that how perform you, the better you're going to do. True. Check. Easy one. Easy one. Next question. Next question. Yeah, a lot of times it's hard though. You know, and I know you're going to say. Such an ego. Urgh. Oh, do I'm not going to say it that voice? Is it not true? We know it's your ego. It's 100% ego. When you can't support somebody that's doing better than you. It's 100% ego. Why else would you not support them? They're helping the team win. They're helping everyone do better. Why would you not support them? Because your ego, because you're like, at herats. Yeah. I want to be the guy. And you know what you look like then, you look like a jealous baby little baby word of the day baby. You look a little jealous little baby. Because you're trying to hold them back and everyone can see it and everyone can tell. It just don't be that person. Yeah, right. That's a good point right there. Everyone can tell. Everyone can tell what's going on. It's one of those dichotomies is that people can be so ignorant to things and yet so perceptive to things. And the things like that, they're so perceptive to echo doesn't like to see Joko out shine him. That's why he's trying to hold them back. Oh, he's not sending him on that trip. We're just going to win that deal. Oh, he's going to go instead. Hey, I won the deal guys. Yeah, I'm great. No, wrong. And even down to the small little things like, you know, hey, you know, I don't know. We'll say, John is a guy's your subordinate. You're jealous of him because he's dope. When someone gives John a compliment about how good he did, just a little looking on your face. So obvious. You don't know. And you know how you say some people or people are so like ignorant of some things and so perceptive, they're ignorant about the stuff when it plays to them. Yeah. Somebody else is like, yeah, you know what I'm going to point those out all day. Good point. Like when people in the I got this Sam Harris, he point he had this example where name dropping when you're, you know, when you do some name dropping, not everyone, but most people, it's like it's easier to recognize the one other people name dropping when they do them. So, you know, so funny. So chill. And there's, if I name drop, I immediately feel like a flush of just disgust. Yeah, I know. God, I just did that. That's so bad. Yeah, yeah, it's true. So bad. But it's hard to kind of know. Oh, you know, you know, speaking of how it was just texting back and forth with Tim Ferris and Joe Rogan the other day. That's a, you know, that's an excessive name drop when you say the first end of last video. That's it. You know, and then, well, I don't know, what's worse, like, Hey, I was just texting I just got a text from Tim. You know what? Yeah, you're right. Tim, who Tim Ferris, what? Joe Rogan, my boy. Yeah, we were kicking it out. Cool. Yeah, that's like, like, pseudo advanced name dropping where you say the first name like that. But like, like amateur name dropping is first and last name. Okay. So I was actually black belt name dropping. Yeah. Just first name, first name base. Yeah. Actually, more like one straight white belt, you know, it's just a little bit more expensive. Still name dropping. What's the height? Is there a way to appropriately name drop somehow? How do you do that? I'm sure they're not say their name. I was talking to someone the other day. So this is a similar situation. I was talking to, you know, met some people the other day and, and the girl says, you know, oh, yeah, and we're talking about the East Coast and she's, oh, yeah, I went to college and Cambridge and it was, you know, it's a good place. And I was thinking myself, I didn't, you know, oh, where'd you go to school? No, we'll leave it at that. But that was sort of a high level. Yeah. I lived in Cambridge. That's why I went to college. Yeah, yeah. I'm going for college to talk about going on there, right? Right? So, you know, was that a high level? Was it? Was that just an honest conversation? Yeah. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, right? She didn't essentially want a name drop for the reason that people normally name drop. But here's, I think there is a way to like effectively and like legitimately if for like a better name drop. And that's like if you, if you, because name dropping typically, it's like, you know, it's almost like a week attempt at breezy and over, you know, who are I'm texting with Joe Rogan, you know, or they'll like say their little credentials. You know, but I think if you say, you know, how's texting with my friend and it was actually Joe Rogan, you know, and you make it like a point to emphasize like that, that, that, that, this wasn't just anyone. It was Joe Rogan. You're actually excited about it. Yes, you know, exactly. So that, I think that's an effective way because it kind of kind of can maintain your humility there. We were like, you know, just texting with my boy Joe Rogan, whatever kind of thing. More like I'm just, no, just deal. No big deal. Let's be. Yeah, in me, Tiva. Anyway, go. We, I digress. There. All right. Next question. What would be a good approach to effectively. What would be a good approach to effectively leading a team where instead of taking ownership of their responsibilities and working towards team goals, each team member is just trying to be the boss. Okay. So a couple things here. You want to let them be the boss of their tasks, right? That's what you're trying to do. So that, that makes sense. And one of the ways, if they, if they, if they want to be the boss of everything, maybe you give them a little bit more as much decision making process, you can, as to what task or what projects they're in charge of, so that makes them feel a little bit like their empowered. And I shouldn't say, makes them feel like they're empowered. You actually are empowered. You know what I mean? So there's a, there's a pretty significant distinction, because once again, people will recognize, if you're just letting them do it to make them feel good about it, they're going to know that. Yeah. Okay, Jocco. Thanks for the decision. You gave me a choice of one thing. Thank you. The color of the hands. Yeah. So, so, you know, maybe let them really express their authority and leadership on owning what it is that they're owning. But the question says, they're not taking ownership of their responsibilities. So let's make sure first that we're not, that we're giving them full reign and full ownership of their responsibilities and we're not micromanaging in there. Now, if that, if we're beyond that and we got people that just want to be in charge of a whole thing. Well, cool. That's, that's actually awesome. You want to be in charge of everything. If Echo is in our team and you want to be in charge of everything, hey, guys, check it out. Right now, this next, you know, project that we're working, Echo is going to run it. I'm going to sit back and by the way, next project, Bill, you're running and next project Fred, you're running. Now we're all going to get to actually get in the hotseed and eat you. And I'll tell you what, you're going to see number one. You're going to see some people go, ah, you, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. They wanted to sit in the back and chirp, but they don't actually want to be responsible for anything. So that puts them to rest right away. You're also what's gonna happen with everybody is they're all gonna see that this thing that looks so easy from the back of the room is a lot harder than they think That's what it's like running a seal mission the guy in the back that's never been in charge before We should just do it like this and That guy you say okay here you run this and then you know in six hours they come up and say hey Yeah, you can be ahead without we're supposed to contact and decomplect with these other units Okay, it's a little tricky and you thought maybe isn't it Yeah, but you actually put people in charge of things if they want to be in charge of things put them in charge of things It's great and you know don't let them fall in your face don't let them get anyone killed don't let them You know get anyone injured or losing a strategic ground we're not gonna do that But we're gonna let them have the opportunity to step up and lead if they do a good job Sweet Sweet now you've got them you can rely on them you can actually put them in charge of projects now you don't have to micromanage We don't have to watch over them. This is this is a no-loose situation this happened actually one of my one of my Patuna's going through training and one of the platoon commanders came up to me We were just putting them pulling up a tune through training and he comes up and he's oh my platoon chief wants to run everything And I said good let him run everything let him run everything that's perfect Then you can focus on you know other things don't worry about it But ego right we want to be running everything we want that we all I'm the guy in charge. Yeah, no let him run it and it's just It's it's the the reason the thing that holds people back from letting other people run things is insecurity Hmm if I think echo is gonna do a better job than me or I think you're gonna do a really good job And you're gonna shine and I don't feel like I do a good job I'm gonna hold you back as the best of my ability. We like no echo You're going you're going to stay in your lane. Yeah, I'm happy so we're here. No But if I if I know if I'm secure in my leadership Man echo oh you want to run this dude awesome here you go here's the plan Once you know here's the here's the portfolio why don't you put the plan together? I'm gonna be over here looking down road on the next project and looking for our next thing down the road Going out and getting another client to bring into the game. We're gonna make this happen. No factor Yeah, it seems like counterintuitive isn't it? Yeah, it is you want to you want me to say Who knows how you're keeping the people in their lanes? Yeah, I'm gonna tell you what you do let him out of their lanes Let him into your lane let him run some stuff Build a new leader to beautiful thing when You you know when you're insecure you want you don't want them to shout out shine you you know You can tell that where I think it's natural though You know when people Maybe a little insecure you know or if you're not as good as maybe you hope or what I think it's natural be a little bit insecure of course Here's how in my experience anyway We're I could tell where I'm being insecure where if someone's performing a certain thing and You're kind of like you can feel it consciously you kind of hope that they don't do that good But man that I know rats bad It's bad, but that's how you can tell that's how you can tell if you have that feeling Oh, you should you should definitely you if you have that feeling check yourself. Yeah, I know what here I am hoping that my own team member. I know that's a good job Yeah, that's a bad situation real bad. You want to hope everyone's doing great. Yeah, and you know this happened on the planet and I talk about it in the book Extreme ownership was You know the Delta Patoon commander. He was worried that this element that had come into work in his a.o He was worried that they were gonna be better than him and take his job And he told me that that's it. Hey, bro If they take your job good, I'll find a new job for you. There's so much work we got work to do don't worry about it help them help them take your job And I'll find you a new job It turns out that there egos were too big and they couldn't let that happen But that's the same situation You got somebody that thinks gonna take your job and do better than you help them and then find new work Because because we're trying to help the team right there's a mission there's an overall mission And if echo can do something better than me hey here's the turnover here's the lessons I learned you're better at this than I am you keep running with it. I'm gonna go find something that I'm good at Or an area that I can help That's just supporting the whole team It's a winner So and you know what sitting In the podcast studio. It's so easy. Yeah talk about that Yeah, but it's so hard for people to do that. It really is really is yeah. So one of those things where you're dealing with your actual feelings in the situation We're not dealing with our actual feelings in the situation right now, but which but it doesn't that mean that it's That's good, you know you that we're you're giving a fresh like view you were yeah, you know you are detached I am the catch get accurate advice and the more detached and you pointed out some red flags right if I'm hoping that these guys go on the mission and fail That's a red flag that you're being selfish and insecure about your job and what you're doing and if someone can do it job better than you Let them do it That's gonna help the whole team Yeah, so it's like you're us in the podcast room We're like you know if you get a guy in the maze The maze of emotions and We're outside of the maze on top we can see the whole maze. We're not in the maze of emotions We're on top we can look at the whole scenario the whole maze So we can tell that guy what to do effectively. Yes, you know echo you just described detachment There you go. That's what detachment is like that's what that's what that's what it's like for me I can see the maze and I remember learning how to step back And step above and look at the maze. I remember Remember learning that and going oh, that's all you gotta do yeah, and then I remember taking it from the training ground The battle field and then realizing that that's what you need to do in the everyday interactions with people and especially once I got on the business world Then I The thing that was cool about when we started echelon front now I would be witnessing like I'd go into a meeting And I would be detached. I would be up above the maze Of emotions in turmoil And so now I would get to see it And then I would start bringing the leadership and saying look at what this looks like to me. Yeah, they'd go go I don't like that. I don't like that one to the video. Yeah, go into the video and and so then that's how you learn We go to the video look what it looks like from up above the maze and now you see you see what you were doing here in your meeting You had everybody so Intimidated that no one said anything you just gave a 15 minute meeting no one responded in any way to anything You said you think everyone in that room agreed with everything you said not a chance They didn't say work. Why is that you intimidated them you bullied them and now you're not getting any feedback And they're gonna execute the plan that they don't believe in and that's probably less effective than the one that they have coming from the field Yeah, congratulations congratulations no not congratulations Let's get this up Like you know So I was in the in traffic And something to think about I was in traffic and you know how the you have the two lanes right so I'm gonna turn left on the light Yeah, then the lane next to me they're going straight So whoever the person in front of the person that was next to me both went straight They were taking too long So the lady next song in the horn all credit like oh going like this all crazy so of course I look over at and she's going crazy She looks over at me she's like like do you believe this kind of thing all going nuts mean When I'm looking at myself You know Other people around me there are just like what this lady is going nuts, you know So that's an example of being on the outside looking in her she thought it was justifiable honk of the horn looking nuts But meanwhile we're on that so I'd looking at her like, right you know how you look and you know what that situation is you Didn't have anywhere to be She did well Then her head like she was you know, I'm saying though she's a person that had left for late work late as you was gonna be in trouble and blah, blah, blah And that that 30 set that that 10 second that eight seconds. Yeah, it was probably like three was an eternity for her Yeah, she just is going nuts just like I'll talk about the airport if I'm running late for the flight TSA takes five minutes it could be no factor or it could drive me completely insane You know and that's that was her and you know what these days when I screw something up I don't get frustrated like that. You know that's what we're talking about the first question I'm like oh my god I look at myself and go I can't believe I left late. Yeah, do this. I'm I'm an idiot. Yeah, I won't let that happen again I said that in 1996 and I haven't let it happen See the mean though I was outside the maze Yeah, I know she's feeling Oh these guys not going go green light go It's time to go universal yeah, so I understand the feeling but look how you look from the outside, you know Did she check herself at all? No when she saw you know She looked at to me for some emotional support. Yeah, as if you believe this guy, you know get Crazy with me kind of think that was the look Yeah, man, so I think that's I think that's another Understand the difference between feeling in behavior as well, you know like I feel I know that's a frustrating thing it can be But don't behave like that calm down person next question What have you learned about yourself or learn in general over the course of the last 70 plus podcast So The the biggest thing that I learned have learned in the past 70 podcasts is that I have a lot more to learn That's what I learned and the amount of information out there that will help us get better and smarter and more effective as humans The amount of information is is pretty boundless and also You also see the repetitive themes that we see over and over again that Constantly come up and reinforce themselves now with that I Think that seeing these repetitive themes, but each with its own little angle Give I have given me a better I don't want to say a better understanding, but I guess I don't know what other word to use a more granular understanding of Human nature and of leadership and of war and of life Because you get to Nothing teaches better than experience, but you can't experience a thousand years of life in reality, but through Leading and understanding and seeing what other people have gone through You do get some level of experience and I know you just went to You just did the FTX with with Ashillon front you went to the shoots video with life in JP and For those of you that don't know, Ashillon front we do Leadership and management consulting and sometimes we do Feel training exercise where we take people out and we teach them how to shoot and we teach in fundamental tactics of fire maneuvering Then we give the missions to accomplish and so you know you you I know you just went out to do your first one and when you got back You know you said I kind of felt a little bit of what it's like to be in a firefight and then you kind of backed off You like well, no, I didn't I didn't you know, I'm not trying to say that and I said no actually You did feel a little bit of what it is like to be in a firefight because you saw people maneuvering and you You were getting hit with with plastic rounds that hurt and you knew you need to get down And you saw the people getting frustrated and you saw people getting fustered that's that is is it exactly like combat? No and there's also a You know that the step up to real combat is huge because now you're gonna die if you screw up But there is a glimpse and there is a there is a a certain level of Understanding that you absolutely gain from those scenarios that you're put into And it's the same thing when you read a book and you read it the right way and you gather the information from it You you don't have the experience itself But there's no doubt you can learn from it so I think for me that's That's the biggest thing is really reading with a lot of intent to pull lessons out Seeing the multiple lessons seeing the different things from different angles and I've talked about this before You know when you learn an arm lock from seven different instructors They each teach you something a little bit different and something that works in some detail that you didn't see And then on top of that when you learn an arm lock from the bottom and from the top and from the garden from the close garden from the open garden from this cross side and from the mountain You every one of those different angles that you learn it from you get better You get each one of those angles makes you better at the other angles too So I think that's the biggest thing for me is just Learning how much I didn't know and then taking what I can bring on board and assimilating it into my View and understanding like I said my view and understanding of the world of human nature of war And of life Yeah, it's been it's been fun for me and educational I agree I think I mean obviously I approach this thing from a different position but You know the no complaining Think or people like no complaining I think that really got reinforced in me. It's one of those things where what is it? Who said it? Yola where he says either do or do not there is no try so a little bit different and see either you do it Yeah, you know said that and from the Star Wars series in part sure expect you okay do or do not There is no try got it He said a lot of other cool shit, but nonetheless when you know when you're tasked with something or you're I don't know wife Ask you to do something or whatever either do it or you don't do it. Don't do it and complain about it the whole time You know where the and that's a common thing where is a car? I don't do it and then they'll do it then they'll complain about while they're doing it or after they do it Or before they or before during ad after that, you know So it's one of those things where and don't even complain in here. This is I'm just saying this is what I've kind of learned Overall and it's it's weird because this wasn't necessarily a specific lesson But it's just it kind of just gets incorporated into your brain where You just kind of Don't even complain in your own head, you know, you know when you when you yeah, I don't know sweet I don't know you're like I can't believe I'm sweeping the floor. What about all this other stuff that I do and all this that don't even do that? You know, okay, I'm tasked with just like how you it was you regard you compared it to Doing paperwork. They're like yeah, but yeah good. You don't want to do paperwork No one to do paperwork. You do paperwork. Yeah, but you do the paperwork and you do that and you Crush it as you say you do that paperwork the best you can So man if I get to sweep the floor I got to you know wash dishes. I got to whatever Watch I'm gonna do this the best I can. What in fact take pride in that you know take pride not necessarily even in Washing of the dishes. I said yeah, I take pride in that, but not necessarily just that take pride in the fact that you're the guy Who can wash the dishes that good? You know depend on me. Hell yeah. I can do that Give me more stuff. I'll do it more I mean, I'd say that last part because you have other things to do sometimes, but Saying anything your task with do it the best you can't for I mean that even sounds kind of cliche like oh I've heard that just do everything but to really have that happen kind of in your mind where you regard it all your tasks Whether you like or not that way where you can do it best you can it's That's that's a life improving Situation yeah, yeah, and going back to what I was so I just thought this while you were talking General Mattis He he said the other day there's an article about him because he's extremely well read and He has a personal library of seven thousand books Very smart very well educated very well read, but what he said is very similar to what I said He said you know I wouldn't get I'm not gonna get surprised Because what I'm gonna face on the battlefield someone else is faced before and he made a couple comparisons I can't think of him off the top of my head, but you know when I saw this when he you know He said when I saw this for the first time I remembered this historical situation when I saw that for the first time I remembered this historical situation so I never was surprised By what I was seeing because I had seen it before maybe only the book But at least you have a heads up and that's what you're looking for and What's cool is if you extrapolate the war which is what we're doing on this podcast taking the war piece of it And extrapolating the human nature piece of it and that's gonna give you a broad look at the way people act the way humans act and interact and That's what I think has been Really good for me to just really the other thing is when you you know when you teach it to do to move and you get better at it Just by teaching it and you understand it more well for me by writing the notes and putting them in the podcast and then Thinking about which direction I'm gonna go and what I'm gonna talk about. I've learned it better You know, I've become things that used to things that I may have known instinctively before and done for 10 years Just like when we wrote extreme ownership there was things in there that I said You know as was writing what happened? I'm like, oh, yeah, I did a hear I used to do it there This is where I learned it, but I never really thought about it Until and even going beat before that when I took over the training for the West Coast you'll teams I would with the first time I wrote down the laws of combat the four fundamental laws of combat I had known those I had I had acted that I had performed them for years I had never written them down until I took over training and saw a platoon and said these guys aren't doing these things that would make them successful Boom, I wrote them down that was it and once I wrote them down and sort of talk about them and show guys They made even more sense and I saw them even easier when people would make a mistake So it's I think it's that's what's been good for me is it's been a real great mental exercise So thanks everyone for listening and making me do this podcast once a week whether I like it or not And actually yeah, and that's another thing Where you know we almost went to one podcast every two weeks and and so I was just talking to a buddy mind that's in a company that I was talking about he was that one of the few guys when we I kind of was thinking about this idea of Of you know going to one podcast every two weeks and we were driving the same as Mike and great guy Great leader and we're driving and I and I said hey, you know I'm just we were driving to go do some work. I was working with his company and I said you know I'm thinking about you know, maybe doing the podcast once every two weeks instead of once a week And he was driving and I was just the passenger and also you know he just kind of He said hey, you know I just I Don't think that's a good idea I thought you know and he was really he said look, you know, you can't do that You know really we're listening to the podcast. We expected to come out on Wednesday It's got to come out on Wednesday I think he was like okay any compromise at least is look if you're gonna do it Then you need to you know you need to give us a more like a six month warning so people can start to get used to and That was one of the things that swayed me to say you know what I need to start keep hold the line on the podcast That was the other thing what it was hard Okay, hey, Jocco mr sitting around saying hey, if it's hard to do it anyways Yeah, I was it was kind of hard so it was gonna get out of it. Yeah, no hold the line Jocco. I'm talking to you Jocco Practice what you preach you know what I mean yeah, it's always hard you got to read a book and you got to Unlearn take something. Oh, so what do it anyways? Bring it It's true. It's like Mike for the podcast continually coming out on once a week No, they're really a thing like but it um it One of the other things kind of like what you're saying is I gonna go is um you kind of either do it and get it done Like this is what a person in my experience Be from experience where you know like you'll ask about about something like hey, what's the status on this or that So it's either done or it's not done like where you can be You know, I would have done that but you know, I did all this stuff all that stuff after you said I would have done that but like that doesn't matter at all either you did it or you didn't do it either You were like you know kind of like how it says you either effective or you ineffective kind of thing and the more and I think it's has a lot to do with just hanging around you more where I tell you about something and you'd be like okay is this done or whatever is this about to be done or where are we on this and then I'll say Oh, yeah, it's done then it's like okay. You have this kind of look of okay Like solid like thumbs up kind of thing But if I say no, I know I know because of this right when I go into because you have this kind of weird haze that goes over you like you don't care You're nice you're nice well and you're not like woo, what do you mean? You're not like that at all, but I can see the little haze go over you like you don't care at all about these excuses That I'm about to say or these justifications that I'm ready to make quite well Yeah So and that was early on now I just know it's automatic it's either the answer is yes or no and if it's no and it should have been done then next time I see it should be done and that applies to everything and I make the analogy where Nothing out the story where my brother would be like hey, buy me some wine. I'm like wine you ever been into wine section Brought you to huge Give me this wine. It's called this called this you know to the cabernet I don't know whatever you call that that should be like the beef jerky section That's how big the beef jerky section yeah, bro Yeah, it should be but no as of now it's wine and if you go in there and he wants some specific wine It's easy to go in there and be like you know what this wine section is too vast I'm either gonna grab any wine like I see and that's it or I'm not gonna get it Tass me with this big tab. I'm just going in here to get some Lidges and you know you got me treasure hunting in the wine section and so I'm not gonna do that, but I Had it in my mind that I'm like no, I mean you want some wine you want this one all right Well, I'm gonna get it so cuz when I come home I'm playing around yeah when I come home either I got the wine or I didn't get the wine and you don't want to be the guy who didn't get the wine No matter what your excuse is I'm telling you bro I apply that to everything apply that to something important, you know Jays wine is important So unimportant Jesus nonetheless yeah all good things We got from this podcast I think I would concur next question Does the you know what else is cool about this podcast is people that here and from people That have done made some awesome progress Yeah, and that's awesome that that's that's that is actually the best thing about the podcast Yeah, is here and from people out in the field that Got promoted got a new job move to a leadership position in lost 72 pounds gained 12 pounds of bleed muscle mass You know whatever those Whatever the achievement was I talked to guy the other day That that stopped abiding his nails right like you don't think much of it But he said he bit his nails for you know 34 straight years and tried the little Nail polish that goes on there and you know you you go to the hypnotists and you go to all these different things no and you know what you know And you finally said I'm not gonna bite my nails anymore right not gonna do it I'm gonna impose my will yeah And then you're done yeah, so here and everybody that does that kind of thing is awesome That's definitely the most that so I guess I'm going into not what I learned right this the general overall World of the podcast is to talk to people that have made some significant Progress in their life and they attribute that progress to listening to podcast which I always reattribute when they come and about it back to them Because I didn't stop biting your nails 72 pounds you did I didn't get promoted you did yeah, that's you that's not me. That's you Yeah, man, and so it's cool that you got a little Little little boost sure from the podcast maybe you saw something a little bit differently that's awesome But you know you out there in the field you're the one that's making it happen We're sitting back here maybe we're right a little cover fire little cover moved on But the the thing that's cool about that to is it's It proves what we talk about on here all the time which is the human will is so strong But people sometimes people go through their life. They didn't know that they had it and so they just got to get recognized That hey you've got this strong will that you can You can you can use I was I was I was listening to an interview with Jack Black of Tenacious D and he was talking about when he first discovered that he had a good singing voice And he was in high school and he tried out for some school play and then he was supposed to sing this part and he hit that You know and we need he said to himself like wow you know I've got this thing I got this Lamborghini I didn't know I had this I got this extra gear that I can kick into That's exactly what he says by the way. He's just got this extra gear If that's what I think people listen to podcasts they always and realize I got this extra gear They got this thing that they didn't know they had because they never had a tested before Never talked about it. No one ever showed it to him. They didn't recognize it for whatever reason and All of a sudden they realized oh I got this human will that is stronger than my weakness And I'm just gonna engage it watch this nail biting no more Jelly donuts not happening Getting out work to work not gonna happen Yeah, and it's I think it's a product because I'm one of those people straight up where I was surprised how how little Actual will it took to make these little changes, you know because and and it's good because it does like these books and stuff It puts it into perspective where these guys are really exercising their will you know with these crazy things and All that is isn't is an illustration that's it that it didn't even take Me hearing that to understand that oh it doesn't take much will to do a workout when I didn't feel like it It didn't it didn't it didn't take that for me to recognize it that's that's just an illustration It took me actually doing it and be like that wasn't hard at all It seems hard and here's another reason why people don't realize it I think I was one of those people who didn't Because everywhere you look you're always seeing like the the the four Helpful tips to stop biting your nails or they're four all these like external things You know they go into it to go to a hip netist You know go do something outside of yourself But something put some nasty taste tasting nail polish on your fingers. Yeah, so it makes you not want to buy all the stuff where Really all you have to do just how you always say all you have to do is do it you know You don't you want to stop biting nails. Okay stop biting your nails and if you really look at it like that Where like if you would have said to me. Oh you don't feel like working out go workout if I would've been okay I don't feel like working out so so I'm gonna go workout and you just keep it that simple that's all you got to do You're like whoa you're done with the work. I know it was easy. I'm gonna do that next time You're almost kind of look forward to doing it everyone's gonna want to go back you look forward to exercising You will just like you get look forward to certain work out sometimes not always right sometimes I'm like oh good. I got squats today and I don't want to do it but sometimes you're squats Yeah, get something so you can get the same feel about about Mobilizing your will yeah, it's like that yeah exactly right that's exactly what it is That's actually one of the reasons I was listening to you know Brady guys they have that the true Project podcast I was just going with um with our bill our either our bill I don't know how you say I just know I just know is your yeah, but I just know a bunch of Twitter yeah, I never heard his name pronounced. So I don't know that bitch big you know I'm beast and There was just so they were talking about you know what music you listen to and the in the you know when you work out and stuff to get nuts and But I don't listen to any music and that's one of the reasons where oh, that's why I did it I was like I'm always trying to distract myself from the pain you know and let me listen to this music Get me fired up or to make me feel good kind of mentally and so I can get through the pain of you know I don't know Matt cons or whatever That's like listen to listen to no music but it turns out I like that better now because you just feel more in touch with like what you're doing Um, but oh, here's that here's one so I'll do What are they called they're kind of like front squats, but you hold the two kettle bells like this. Yeah, they're like I feel they're called but So I'll do 25 reps of 25 so it's hard so when you get to about 12 You're like oh, you gotta you know you kind of start to hit a certain type of wall and then when you get up to like 16 18 you're like oh, you know, so what as a result of that I would play little numbers games in my mind so I'd count backwards from six six five four you know I mean so you just kind of like I'm approaching the end it'll be done soon kind of thing But what let it start doing is like nope. I'm gonna count them One two three four five and you'll end in the beginning I started to feel like tang when I'm getting up to 12. I'm like oh my gosh the pain is coming and it comes and you're like dang And then instead of playing more mental games like let's just count down from here because so the end is you know Insight nope. I'm gonna count up now and when you count up the numbers going up give you this weird mental picture like the pain is coming more No because you're you're deeper into this thing, you know and it's like this it's almost like mental abuse You're doing this yourself But after a while you can look forward to that you kind of look forward to those higher numbers You know, it's like bringing it kind of thing and it gets you it essentially gets you even more fired up Good, oh, I'm telling you embrace the pain In Great Does the inability of the average person to defend themselves make them more susceptible to fear generally in life and Kenju Jitsu president Jitsu reduce societal fear I think it's it's a pretty obvious answer But yeah, I mean obviously if you can defend yourself It's gonna give you more confidence in The world and if you don't know how to defend yourself you're gonna have more fear in the world that's just the way it is And I know that Jitsu definitely gave me a lot of confidence in the world because when you're looking at someone You at least know you're not a pushover at a minimum You know, I'm not gonna go out easily so yeah, I think if you don't know how to Defend yourself at all. I think you're definitely gonna be More susceptible to fear that's kind of common sense and Also the the thing with Not knowing when you don't know about things you You are more scared of them You've been in confrontations because you're on them on the jitsu mat your in confrontations all the time And if you do in a case and you know the occasion that you should put on boxing gloves and boxing even strike during Jitsu you should do that stuff so you recognize what it's like to be in fight and then you have You'll be less afraid of the unknown because it's known We're always afraid of the unknown. Well now this is known now the other thing is the better you are with Jitsu and better you are at fighting the less Apped the less likely you are to have to use it because Because people will know that by the way you're acting that you're probably not a person that should be messed with And The other thing is I think when people actually know how to fight They put up less of a front about who they are about trying to act like a tough guy because hey, man I'm feeling pretty good, you know I got no problem saying hi to you I can I can say hi to you in the street like hey how's it going? No big deal I'm not feeling like you're gonna take advantage of me now because I know how to fight So I love you jitsu guys are super nice guys, you know because they're not trying to prove how tough they are You actually know how tough they are. Yeah, so I think that's pretty obvious, you know That's the the many benefits of Jitsu from a personal level then for as far as societal fear. I would also say yes, it's it's helpful Because if you can handle yourself on a personal level, right? Then you can handle yourself in other Dynamic situations and you're more aware of things and you are better at staying calm Right, Jitsu teach you how to stay calm. Oh, yeah, you get in a bad situation if you panic You're going down so and you get in put bad situations all the times you get used to it and you realize That you need to detach and you need to get out of your head and camp panic and cake it claustrophobic You used to get claustrophobic and you don't really get claustrophobic too much anymore. Oh, it's literally Straight up and and also with Jiu Jitsu and And you know next martial arts training boxing mojitai wrestling you overcome adversity You know you overcome adversity you have to and so when you know how to overcome adversity on the Matt or in the cage or in the ring that's gonna help you in real life overcome adversity So I think that those are real simple reasons why Jitsu is good if you didn't think I thought Jitsu is good. I do think it's good. I need it for good for everyone Updating In really there's a lot of martial arts you could put in there. I'm talking about Jitsu But it's the same with boxing it's the same with with Mojitai it's the same with wrestling it's the same with judo Sometimes I forget to mention judo. I shouldn't judo's also very effective martial art So I think all those things are very helpful for personal overcome in personal fear and Giving people confidence and thereby overcoming societal fears as well. Yeah This is kind of a sign up with with the Jiu Jitsu force. Let's say and this more applies to This Concept kind of has been coming up recently where you know your first day in Jiu Jitsu where you I think you and me and kind of Our time where we started Jiu Jitsu we didn't look at it in terms of like playing art I didn't you know you started Jiu Jitsu in 1992. Oh, I'm just saying from 92 all away too about I don't know I don't know the date but I'm saying if you like old school jiu jitsu where You's probably started Jiu Jitsu because of hoist Gracie if you're one of these people one of us That's what I started Jiu to hoist Gracie when you have see one tooth, you know Where we looked at Jiu Jitsu as okay if I get in a fight with someone I want to be up to win the fight even if he's bigger than me It wasn't because oh I want to be the next world champion, you know concerned about how to effectively hold You know the most points of my body points in this yeah, or when I pull guard like the coolest like flip move I can do whatever and I'm not saying like that's what it is. I'm not saying that but there that is in the game now So sometimes a result of this sometimes you can go with no Jiu Jitsu experience You don't know about twice Gracie necessarily you haven't you know that isn't what compelled you to learn Jiu Jitsu You just hear great things like you know from taco or whoever and you're like hey I want to go Learn Jiu Jitsu this is the best fighting thing according to jiu kama go see I'm gonna go see what up And then they go in there and then let's say the first day they'll learn you know just an arm lock from the bottom or you know Something that if you don't go in with the full context of what Jiu Jitsu is it won't Translate you know you learn a movie and you'll be like wait how how am I gonna go in a fight now? You know it's like cool that's a cool move. It's kind of like you know what guy hey let me show you when you're kid Let me show you this finger lock. Yeah, you're like that's cool, but how you gonna get my finger Exactly, you know like all this day just doesn't apply to a fight so so just to answer you're right I just did a little like tiny Instructional thing for some people that hadn't trained before and it was to support a charity and so it's all good But you know these people never done Jiu Jitsu before and I taught them you know the mountain escape Right and and immediately you know one of the guys hey You know what happens when they do this because he's doing this right here. Yeah, okay, so bring it back in everyone And basically you know after this happened a couple times I said here's the deal I'm teaching you a new language. Yeah, so far. I've taught you the word The right man that's the only word. I've taught you the yeah I haven't even taught you I because that would that would be a context of self-awareness Which you don't have right you only know the that's it That's it that's all you know and actually I shouldn't be you I should have said I just taught you the word Purple yeah because You can't the actually can apply to different things right this when you just learn one thing It's it's not meaningless, but it's only it's almost but if you walk into a foreign country and the only word You know how to say was Purple and their language is not gonna get you very far at all right It's not and that's the same thing so you're right in the context of like a singular move Jitu is worthless right now Back when I learned five moves and knew the rear naked joke the arm lock the camera and no one else knew anything When you can say five different words in a world where no one can speak You have power and that's the way it used to be now. It's not like that anymore everybody everybody watches you have see Everybody watches you have see and so they everyone seen in arm lock before everyone seen a rear naked joke They you can watch a rear naked joke and see that's a simple move you can see how you put that on somebody So yes you are correct, but if you got it you got to do more than just the context of like a singular move because that's gonna be very useful to you Yeah, so when you All right, remember watching you see and there was a guy who would commentate right kind of a dirty guy, but he He kind of knew apparently he took Jitu so he would kind of call it even okay, so now hoist crazy He wants to get on top right now stop his position He can't get to take down so now he's pulling guard kind of thing and then or he'll be like okay He's establishing position with a mount and he's gonna he's gonna punch him until he turns over and then he's gonna choke him And he's calling it any does it right so I remember thinking okay that mount position very It's very powerful or if he's on the bottom you want guard kind of thing You can see you know cuz you kind of explain so when I first started Jitu like an actual class I knew what guard was I knew what mount was I knew those positions in why they're important where you know Like if you're if someone's mounted on you where a hoist crazy would always be mounted on the person It's like it's really hard to get out He's gonna struggle and and if you turn over your even worse Situation, you know, so I kind of knew that so I knew the actual context and A lot of people when they go and you just to just because they hear about how cool it is they don't have that that that foundation going in so I think man I think that I don't know if they'd ask for it or what but I think when when when instructors when a new person a brand new person don't know Zero days of Jitu if they teach that like this is the mount. This is why it's important You know just like how you did at the master where you like you know, you know, I can you you can hit just like that and then that'll provide Consident at the end how you taught a move you know submission or whatever then it's like okay in mount This is one of the many things you can do and it's like oh and by the way when I say many I mean infinite. Yeah Yes, yeah, so yeah, so yeah, I think that if you and I guess this goes out to like anyone who goes into their Jitu class and learned Just happened to be on the day where you learn like some kind of arbitrary move given the fact that you don't know the foundation It with the foundation any move is gonna make a lot more sense as long as you have that foundation Important somehow important of guard the importance of you know all these other things Of course we all want to learn the submission what cool submission? Who can I get this guy in who wants to fight me? This guy yeah Another thing in people houses, you know Well, they're he keeps pulling my hand away. I go yeah, it's a fight you're fighting another person. It's not just who's not magic I say you did some magic, but it's not magic. It's not magic It's a fight the person's gonna resist you have to have moves. Yeah, I didn't it doesn't turn into magic until you have it all Together yeah, then it turns into magic and then you bestow it upon someone who doesn't you know It's like magic right man. He's the train this little guy George he's a purple belt no's white belt and Man he's he's the one who taught me butterfly guard. He was small too and He would you be flying me around doing butterfly guard sweeps and like straight arm locks and stuff like from the Bottom yeah, like probably what is this guy doing magic yeah, and one time he's like someone at wow We're you know how like when you're rolling you can kind of talk to people while you're rolling You know especially if you're rolling with a guy who's advances well because you don't have to focus on what you're doing kind of thing So this was an introduction of that concept where I'm rolling with George he's carrying on a conversation with this guy Not inappropriate like what did you do this? We didn't it wasn't that it was someone was asking him like hey like how do you how did you do that kind of thing? He's like well this is what he's doing and while we're rolling he's kind of Commentating his rolling and he's like so and this sets up the sweep which I'm about to get him with and it yeah, and he gets me with this sweep And that's the small that's why it is that's why it is kind of magic magic because When if I could make This coin disappear if I could actually do that that would be magic If I can take your arm against your will and straight it out and there's nothing you can do to stop it Yeah, it's kind of magic still yeah in some way I mean type that is what magic is though right when when you make it a pierce like illusion Right where you a me go about talking about I'm talking about actual Yeah, actual magic yeah, no such thing yeah, well, yeah, I know tough as jets here What did you see that way when they they don't know when they don't know how you did that? How did you get it? You know me so it's similar to that making the coin disappear, but it really just went behind yeah, not go or whatever possible I'll wait you by two to go Yeah, let me see how you did that. Yeah, watch this do it again. I don't got it do it do it do it get it Good Next question Hi, Jockel. I've been listening to your to you ever since I first heard you with Tim Ferris I've been considering jiu jitsu Man jiu jitsu. Same thing yeah ever since hearing you guys talk about it so passionately however I've had a shoulders I've had sold shoulder surgery Liberal tear in the past and some issues with bicep tenonitis And I'm worried that grappling sport that a grappling sport might make me prone to injury again Would you recommend you jitsu for someone like me? Thanks in advance for taking the time and providing your head life So there's another form of jiu jitsu actually and that I don't talk about very much But it's definitely a feasible thing for such a waste like this. That's the learning jiu jitsu Right learning jiu jitsu learning the moves Drilling them gaining the understanding of how they all fit together and then only sparring in like a really controlled environment and and by that I mean Highly skilled instructor that isn't going to hurt you or let you get hurt doing something stupid And That will provide you with enough resistance so that you know moves are going to work but not taking it to fall on level 27 You know bloodbath battle and Unfortunately this situation is kind of is very likely and I've seen this perform sure you have to where you get somebody that made that an injury or maybe they're They're in some job where they can't get hurt, you know All right and surgeon or an older person that doesn't want to get hurt They're in the middle so I've seen this people do this before what they do is they basically take jiu jitsu They take private jiu jitsu classes and they only roll with the instructor and they learn moves and they learn how to put together That's That's one way to do it is you just find a good it now You I've heard nightmare stories about this too where the jiu jitsu instructor feels the need to prove himself Which is just pathetic. Yeah There's no way when you go in and you tell them instructor hey I've got a bad shoulder. I've got a bad knee. I've got a bad neck. I've got a bad back Whatever you tell them and you say look I just want to I just want to learn the techniques and and learn how to apply them in a very Fundamental way. I'm not here to compete I have no ego and I don't want to prove anything. I just want to be more knowledgeable The jiu jitsu instructor should be more than happy to take you on board and and let this you know do this you can also do it If you I mean because it jiu jitsu private instruction is very expensive You can also do it in a group setting but what you have to do So you have to keep your ego completely in check unlike anything you've ever tried before because every idiot And by every edit I mean every human being on earth all of them You take that person If I take a person that weighs 145 pounds Who's never trained any jiu jitsu or wrestling before and I say okay You know you want me to teach you jitsu here. I'm gonna put this arm lock on you and I take their arm And I say okay, so this is what it feels like when you get arm locked their instinct is well you how are you getting it my arm there? You won't be able to do that. They're gonna fight it. They're gonna fight it Always gonna fight it so everyone's ego gets involved so you have to Just completely put your ego in check because you think oh I'm gonna roll with this guy over you But I'm gonna think a little bit stronger than I'm gonna go and you just get hurt that's how you get hurt Yeah, especially if you have pre-existing injuries So you have to do that you have to find the right training partners that are completely mellow and have nothing to prove And are very relaxed and and experience in jiu jitsu So if they do catch something that's gonna be a little bit awkward. They say oh yeah, man. Let's let you go no big deal no big deal at all And and and and you do that and then you slowly very slowly escalate over time once you know and understand Jiu jitsu you start to go a little bit harder Still keeping your ego in check and all that now if you do that You should be able to get into jiu jitsu over them out of doctor. I don't know the condition of your laboral tear so I I don't have the authority or the or the What the proper credentials to to give you the go ahead But if you do what I just said there's you should be okay now the problem is that's hard to do what I just said It's hard for everybody because everybody's competitive and jiu jitsu is a very competitive thing and when I say competitive It's mentally competitive just makes you think I want to I had these guys in the other day these guys are you know senior executives learning jiu jitsu for the first time didn't know anything And I taught them you know how I taught them the oomph in the elbowscape to escape them out I I told them to go through them like just to practice the move on each other They do they do six minutes of it. They come back and back in the middle. They're sweating Some of the pairs are sweating because they were having a level seven battle Yeah, and those and these were again 45 50 55 year old Executive type people but You try to move and they want to fight. Yeah So that's what you got to be careful of and you know you don't want to get you know You don't want to worship injuries. You don't want to do other you want to have other sports impacted You know you might enjoy surfing or whatever playing Another sport basketball and you ruin it and now you can't play because you did jiu jitsu I don't want that to happen to you but you can do jiu jitsu in a controlled way That you shouldn't need to get hurt, but you need to keep your damn ego in check Yeah, and I think that that seems obvious. I think but Apparently is not as obvious like you know how you have you know laboral to our special if you had surgery I've had yeah if you had surgery and by September nice these are all things that like if you do a Yeah, okay, you got to do a separate program, but you do rehab Like you'll improve that Where and that's really the main thing with these injuries You know how people will they have back or they have shoulder stuff that they get surgery they get it fixed And then but it's still you know what you're just gonna have that for the rest of your life kind of thing But if you focus on rehab like it's a straight-up workout Where I mean don't push it because that's not what rehab is you really have to rehab it but you I tell you you focus on that like it's an actual program like a workout program Take it seriously But you can a lot of times you can get rid of these things fully especially like 10 to 90s by September. I like I had surgery on my vice up straight up torn off the bone surgery So of course, I'm gonna be prone to 10 to 90s, but you just Man you gotta treat it like it's like that's another thing of your body that you gotta develop, you know Got to focus on 10 to 90s, you know So I man I would recommend that big time where and you'll be more compelled to do it when you find a hot fungie You do it and you're like shoot I could be like getting after it rolling way better if my shoulder like just felt better and Man you go do some extra stuff like all these little rotator movements for your shoulder because I Shoulder to massage like during the demonstration you know, sorry, it's not sometimes During the demonstration pulls my shoulder out which was kind of hurt from like the day before from Remember Ryan Gillespie oh yeah, yeah, so he hurt my shoulder then Sardge hurt it the next day anyway, it sells jacked couldn't do any pressing whatever Do those little bent like use those rubber band things and I would use the cables at the gym at 25 fitness and men It but brings it back and 10 to 90s same thing you can get therapy and stuff like that do that man and It'll help it so if you didn't do any kind of rehab and then you just jump into due to it's like yeah, you're gonna be way more Yeah, and you know like the The Disclaimer here is like it's jujitsu. It's a contact sport and you're gonna get twisted up and if you're scared of getting twisted up and you are a You know concert pianist yeah, or your surgeon You need to accept the fact that this is the this is a full contact sport and you can definitely get hurt You know, and we have we have we have an actual surgeon. You know We got a several doctors, but we have an actual hand surgeon and You know Dr. Luke trains ghee no ghee does it all full speed and full all the time black belt by the way Yeah black belt by the way MMA fighter too, but But yeah, he knows the risks he's cautious. He tapes his finger. You know he just take the precautions Yeah, you take the precautions and then you accept that there is a level of risk You know, I train for 20 whatever five years and I hurt my finger, you know like whatever a couple weeks ago Dang and and I just hurt another finger. You know these things happen So what are you gonna do? You're gonna not train that's up that's that's Impossible Kind of an option I guess. Yeah, it's kind of an option, but you can train in a method that you are a Oh less likely to get hurt and you can go so far in the spectrum of not getting hurt that you that you could Really get that Possibly getting hurt to an absolute minimum. Yeah, you know, and that's what I said if you're training with a black belt and Structure and you're just doing privates and you guys have a really good understanding your chance of getting hurt a pretty small Yeah, yeah But yeah, if you did If you let that keep you from doing it, I think you're doing yourself more harm than good And that goes for anything that's really true is like dang if you have to go to the post office But you're scared of the statistics of car crashes and you can so what you do not go to the post office But you got to mail that thing, you know, yeah, you got to get it done True, David next question. You got to mail that thing. I go whatever you know whatever the case maybe When you're stepping into a leadership role and you have someone on your staff who's not a team player Create clicks goes over me and straight to my bosses When there's a problem and Whenever whenever whenever has concerns voices them among teammates and not directly to me. How do I continue in my role? How do I set assess myself and how do I tackle this problem? Biggest thing we got to do is build in relationship with that person You know you got to get that person's head you got to find out what's going on you got to find out You got to you got to you got to talk to him. You got to build that relationship You're going to talk to him about why they're going over your head Then you know what when they say well I'm going over your head because this happens you go Oh, I didn't know that you know I'm going to get that fix and you build up a little trust and then they say some other problem You get that one fixed and then you say hey man You know, it's you know, it's kind of hurts the team is when you're telling the team things that are negative And if we could work together to you know You tell me what's going on that's negative and then we solve the problem. We're going to do better as a team And that's that's my goal just do better as a team and I see that you're a leader Because people listen to you and when you start saying negative things they start thinking negatively because you just Influential person and and and the influence you have over people is something that is going to be Can be very beneficial to what we're doing If you want it to be I want you to want it to be but you know I'm not you you have that I don't so Let's work if you could help me move this in a positive direction so our team can be more successful That's the kind of thing I would do here and and the other thing is you know Ask them straight up. Hey, what am I doing wrong is leader? What can I do better? Where can I become Where can I make more things happen so that way and what you're doing is you're letting down your guard You're letting them give the opportunity to hopefully be honest with you about what you're doing wrong and then you can give them You know you can correct those measures now there is a possibility this person is jerk And when you say what am I doing wrong? We go back and say hey this guy's even notice doing He's so that's why you need to take it slowly and fuel the situation out and and make an assessment of how they're going to react to these things and Build a little bit of Little bit of leadership capital with that person before you go and say what am I screwing up because then it's a girl dude Jocquad doesn't even know what he's doing. He's asking me what he should be doing So don't if the person's a jerk you have to watch out for that so that's where we're gonna build a relationship first It's like building a relationship Seems like a very Common theme for stretching solution. It is very much so You know you take the extreme example of I'm a hostage taker and you're my hostage And I'm threatening to kill you. What are you supposed to do build a relationship with me? You want to get me to see you as a human. That's what we're talking about the same thing. That's an extreme example But this is the same thing going on here. It's a really done by the way. I heard this story was on the news I forget how old the girl was who's a kid though a girl a kid and she all she did was Blab to this guy who kiddoctor and he wound up letting her go Because she she built their relationship with this team member that's creating clicks and doing all this negative stuff It's because he doesn't know you and he's he's just going. I don't know you know Jocquad is a mystery to me. He doesn't hang out. I don't know He's bad. He's just V there's a separation. Yeah, so I'm gonna close that separation. I'm gonna Blab to him. I'm gonna build a relationship and we're gonna let that little kid go Yeah I remember working in the nightclub where you know you have different bosses different managers. They work different shifts or whatever so one guy This game is Matt Gilmore tall tall guy I love that guy. He was real. I don't know for whatever he's actually I could I could just relate to him You know he was just real nice and I don't know the way he talked was kind of not funny like a comedian But just kind of you know some people when they talk it's just kind of entertaining You know every time everyone's in all though you certain words that's just kind of unique to them It's like I like that anyway really liked him and so I was hoping and he would usually work on Friday Saturdays right He was kind of high up and then there was other guy I'm not gonna say his name nonetheless is this other guy and this guy he was like the full on kind where He had this air about him where he I'm the manager of this club kind of thing and on off time To feed me had like a party or something that we're cruising or whatever and he talked about Yeah, you know I'm in the office doing these sexual things with this person and just you know real Real douchey for lack of a bit of a real douchey kind of guy and one time he was There was this rule long time ago. There's this rule you can't go upstairs There was like three levels in this club so you can't go upstairs like this high-end kind of lounge You can't you wear jeans upstairs You're just there's a dress guy had been to that one yeah, now you would not be welcome for Flops and shorts or no you won't even get in the front of apparently So one day on my off night I had jeans on I went upstairs real quick just to talk to one of my friends Cake nuts and cuz he was up there and so I was talking to him and this guy this manager the one I didn't like He was up there and he'd be like he was like hey the rules apply to everyone you know go downstairs So I'm like oh you know, I'm just I will I'm just gonna talk to him. He's like the rules apply to everyone go downstairs Like not be nice about it off so I'm like all right, whatever. That's just an example one experience The next week he comes in on his night off jeans Upstairs or whatever and as a joke not being a dick as a joke. I was like hey you've jeans on I was working And he's like he goes he's oh yeah, well my title has a bit more letters than yours does Yeah, so he said to me so you know I'm not sure where we're going with this. No that I was gonna say that's an example of him not building Relationship with me He certainly did not Matt Gilmore wouldn't have said that he would have to either not he would either Compromised with me the first night or he wouldn't he would have laughed at my joke and be like Ha, good point whatever or both he probably would have done both Still friends with Matt Gilmore by the way Okay next question in light of recent events what is the best course of action when confronted by an obvious Abuse of authority resulting in personal injury due to an innocent person to an innocent person that that occurs in one's presence At what point is it acceptable to physically engage with the saline even though the saline has some kind of authority Sorry, that's two questions wait what what's the recent event is the Person on the airplane getting dragged off and injured because the over United all that yeah, yeah overbooked flight Yeah, so any you know obviously I guess you could put more recent events is you know if you if you could have a Police officer right that's doing something you could have a bouncer You know, I'm sure you have plenty of stories about your night club days besides just wearing jeans in the wrong area I don't know is a big violation But So so here's what here's what here's my answer that's what do you do and when one of those things happened first of all The people that are in the situation are wrapped up in the situation They're they're emotionally mentally wrapped up in the situation the situation is escalated they're caught in a storm Mm-hmm and You're not in the storm you're outside the storm. So what do most people do when they see that storm going on? What do most people do tell me Panic no they pull out their iPhones and they start recording the situation that's what they do That's what everyone does hey. Oh, there's a fight going on world star. Let's review You know what I'm saying I'm impressed that you know about world Yeah, we'll have a lot of good fights on there. I have to watch so Yeah, well because you learned from you see we wake people up you see some human nature in in videos So that's what people do so what you actually want to do instead of pulling out your video It is you want to try and get them out of that moment emotionally You want to talk to them like a normal person engage with them, you know Hey hey sir You need to calm down that's just a police officer. He doesn't mean any harm. Hey, you know officer That that guy's not a threat to you right now. You know just take a step back it looks like he's trying to relax You know you want to talk them disengage them get their heads out of those bad scenarios Yeah, and you know being a calm voice Say something like I said say something. Hey officer There's a lot of people that are videoing this right now You know just a lot of people saw what happened. So let's it's it's you don't have to do anything else you can let's let's get this person under control I can give you a hand whatever you know you just want to you and and of course What is there initial reaction? It'll be back at you but just back away or you know shut up You're you know you don't know and and so you need it absorb that right say hey look I'm not I'm not giving you any threats at all. I'm just here to help out I don't want to see any trouble. Don't want you to get in trouble You just want to talk to people and get them to get them out of that emotional storm that they're in both sides Both sides because it's a really nasty situation You know when you don't listen to me when I start to hurt you when I grab your your wrist Let's say like one of those like police pain compliance type moves I grab your wrist and I start to twist it you as a human being The natural instinct Some people might have the instinct to comply but a lot of people have the instinct if you grab me and start hurting me I'm gonna pull away. Yes, okay your resisting now you're resisting to what I need you I need to go harder. Well the harder I go the more you resist and you see where this is going Next thing you know I'm beating you in the head because I don't know how to use a choke-old unfortunately because in some areas choke-old or illegal So again as the outsider You want to pull them out of that you want to talk to them you want to get them to see that outside of the emotional storm that they're in both sides Both sides are an emotional storm Physical intervention, you know now we're talking like this is a serious step you start stepping into these scenarios You don't you know you want to be very very careful about stepping into these one of these situations and And even that physical escalation should be or physical Intervention should be just with a subtle purpose of deescalating, right? You're not walking over and you know grabbing a guy. No, hey, you know, it's like a hand on the shoulder. Hey, sir a officer hey, you know Tsa agent or whoever you are hey, let's just calm down Let you want me to give you a hand getting this person under control. You know you you don't want to get these people to wear now You become because as soon as you do that you just end the storm You you part of the storm now. Yeah, even though you're trying not to be you're you're you're You're entering the storm So you got to be very very cautious about what you're doing there and You know at what would I do in a situation where I saw someone getting you know Be to death You know, I'm gonna do what I just said you know now might I go a little bit further because I have a lot of experience and maybe I can handle situation and deescalated physically Yeah, and you know you see this sometimes where something will be escalating in an innocent civilians will come and help Unoffair secure a person so those there's ways to do it. Yeah, you just got to be very very cautious when you do those when you do that because The the other piece of this is and again you see this on on YouTube You don't know what happened to get to this point. You don't know who that person is who the perpetrator is right the perpetrator might look totally innocent But you don't know any background so when you start stepping in there You might be stepping in there to defend a person that just shot a person or a person that just you know Got caught doing something or a person that really did resist the cops hard and do do some damage So I don't I don't know and I'm generally gonna side with with a police officer, right? I mean the police officer. I'm I'm respecting that they that they're doing the right thing Yeah, and sort of step in there and start making something happen is and is not gonna generally work out in a good way Maybe you can help them get the perpetrator under control But yeah, to to make the assumption that because a cop is escalated to a point of violence that the cop is an outer control crazy cop It's but not an accurate assumption Yeah, most likely That's the wrong assumption. Yeah, you know cops are not walking around waiting to to to beat the crap Out of people that's not what they're doing. They don't want to do that when it happens it's Something something has generally led up to when we see it in a case that isn't like that That's why we see it because it's now news it's now news So be very very careful about that again You know most of the time you know just trying to escalate it verbally Ask if they need any assistance ask if you can call 911 form and get more assistance for them Ask if they need any help talk to that you know do that take that approach If you have to physically intervene Especially if you have some experience You know let them know what you're doing. Do you need any help? Do you need any assistance to that type of thing? And I'm sure we'll get some feedback from from some cops on this one and it'll be good. Yeah Yeah, I feel like when I was back to the Balancer situation when guys would you know Fight would break up so in a club on a fight break breaks out is more chaotic than you know in the street when you see two guys fighting So it's a little bit more dangerous when you jump into the fight to try to break it up because if you just jump in and Grab the guy the guy doesn't know if you're trying to break up the fight or if you're a guy You're just another attacker. Yeah, exactly right. So he's gonna start swinging or whatever And that's not to mention any of that guys friends who sees you do that in the dark You know all this you know the dark club lights whatever so He might hate you whatever and then you know bottles can be it can be dangerous So if you jump in there With before you even touch the person you you're already saying Break what I would always say is either break it up or or calm down like calm down guys break it up Before you even touch them and they hear that so when they feel you they don't feel a punch Got it. It's like calm down calm down and they feel you kind of it's more of a light Given a compared to the guy who he's fighting with it's not a punch. It's not a wrestling move It's nothing like that's like you're breaking it up and you just gave me a good reminder to if you're on the outside and you see something like this Going on like if you're on that plane you see this this this passenger getting roughed up You know hey hey passenger just calm down do what they're telling you to do just do what they're just Complied with what they're doing to do you know just relax let them cuff you just relax you know you can take it you know Definitely heard cops say this actually I heard the guy that was on Sam Harris's podcast Like if you want to got an issue with what a cops doing to you bring it to the court Let your lawyers handle it don't handle it right there because you're gonna lose You're gonna lose that situation you're gonna end apart You're gonna end up injured. It's gonna be a bad-sort scenario So the same thing tell the tell you know if you see someone getting getting roughed up then hey Hey man we're all watching just comply just do what they're telling you to do and Take it up to with a lawyer later just trying to get that person to calm down because yeah that's you know chances are You know the police officer he's arrested thousands of people Put his hands on thousands of people that person that's getting roughed up They haven't they've not been arrested you know I can guarantee you that united passenger probably never been arrested in his life So here he is and like I said you start to pull me I'm gonna resist I don't people don't pull me no pull me but now we've got an incident going on So instead if someone say hey listen just listen to what they're telling you you need to just calm down You don't want this to get any worse that type of thing yeah talk to people and get them to detach a little bit Yeah, and obviously the united situation isn't is this linear situation works like hey That's the passenger's fault he should have just went with him kind of thing You know I mean this all this yeah, I honestly all I know about I don't know anything about it other than I saw the guy getting dragged out of the plane that's what that's the only part of us all guy getting dragged out of the plane And I saw the good Gracie yeah the Gracie breakdown about how to defend yourself when that's his equation Yeah, and he was He was It's just a long story. He was there was that does apply you know if you're getting Arrested or or taking off the plane or whatever and you choose to fight for your rights right then and there Amen, that's a battle that you're gonna you gotta do that you know and there's consequences to that when you mean you gotta do that It's like you ever heard the expression if you want to be a gangster you gotta do gangster stuff Okay, it's actually gangster shit, but but but you're not you're not advising I'm Sayin if you want that beef then you're gonna get that okay that's yeah, so So yeah do it but like I said especially with like the tops if they're arresting you and you're like hey You violated my rights, so I'm gonna fight you right now for my right Yeah, if you want that beef, okay, but It's you're gonna be more you're gonna be safer first off and more effective if you fight for your rights administratively later You know and So nonetheless Kind of on attention there, but the Oh the cop when you're helping the cops or whatever it's the same way as if you're a balancer you kind of identify yourself kind of thing just like how you're saying and It is easy I think to and they call it availability bias, right? It's easy to be like all these cops are beating this guy up and I see this on YouTube all the time where the cops just beat up these guys You know, so these are bad cops or whatever, but it's like anything where when you say It made the news because it's this bad cops It's in your mind you know all the good cops and the legit arrest all that they're not on YouTube millions They're not on YouTube. Yeah, exactly and even if they were That doesn't stick in your mind. That's like if you business is usually like Here's what I'm citing video of a police officer doing this job. Yeah, okay. Yeah, you know, I want some watch that They want to see somebody screwing up and they forget about it. It's totally not in their mind So yeah anything you know being screwed up or anything that just has this emotional impact on their mind They're gonna think it's like way more common than it really is so I think it's important to kind of keep that in mind always You know absolutely Next question If you have a subordinate that has an improved after talks and instruction, but can't but you can't fire them because of the union What do you do? I'm gonna find something that they're good at and I'm gonna get them to focus on that and I'm gonna you know as a leader that's what you're trying to do as a leader You got to make your team members if you got team members that you that you can't get rid of for whatever reason and They're not quite doing what they should be doing or they're not up to speed what can they do? What can they offer to the team when I find out what you can offer the team? I'm gonna have you focus on that so it is Hmm if that causes some kind of disruption because you know echo can only move 10 bricks a day and everyone else is moving 200 and So now everyone's all mad because echo is not working and not carrying his load Well, I'm gonna you know, well, no one I'm gonna look for a job for him where he's no one sees him care not carrying bricks Right? Hey, instead of doing that you're gonna organize the bricks over here. You're gonna count You're gonna count bricks because you're weak. Yeah, so you're gonna be the brick counter So that's what I'm gonna do. I'm just gonna change it up and find out what they can do that's what that's what you have to do as a leader and by the way I'm not gonna give up on them I might not I might not invest a ton of time But I'm gonna keep saying hey, you know if you want to move from counting bricks to moving bricks is which got to do Here's what you got to do you got to keep working you got to keep getting stronger to work on your deadlift Work you know get a little bit stronger so you can carry more bricks So it's you know and that happens it doesn't just happen because of unions it happens for all different kind of you Happens the military you can't you know you get a guy that he's in a situation where yep He's not gonna get we're not gonna let him go. Yeah, you know we've got to keep X amount of people in Country okay, so this guy's one of the people in country. We were not allowed to get them. Okay cool Well, what can he do? Maybe he can count bricks. You know I haven't count be the best brick counter. We got You might have to do a little isolation to you know, I mean you might have to isolate him a little bit Again, because you don't want people thinking oh echoes over there, you know in the air condition And he doesn't do doing carrying his load and so that can cause problems yeah and chocolate is just letting it happen It happens. It happens you know, so you might have you got to figure this out How do you isolate them a little bit? How you make sure that they're working? You know, maybe you can only count bricks, but whatever you work in more hours, you know We're doing some other thing to make up for your slack in the brick carrying category. Yeah Interesting Bottom line as a leader when you get somebody that doesn't quite do what they need to do and you can't get rid of them Find out what they can do and take advantage of it using to the best of their ability for supporting the team Yeah, it kind of seems like I mean given what you said that I mean This might dumb it down too much, but it's A situation where you are making the best of it right exactly and What I found in life when you make the best of something you don't get plagued with all because it let's say the two scenarios One you're making the best of it to you're not so when you're not it's gonna be burning Burning you every day. It goes only moving 10 brick. That's gonna bother me every day. Doesn't have to by the way You're still gonna move this amount of bricks. We're gonna get the same amount of work done 10 bricks 100 bricks 200 bricks whatever, but meanwhile you're getting tortured all day because you that the fact that that was not moving as many bricks are Isn't there condition from whatever that's bothering me every single day But if you understand that we're making the best of this situation that's not gonna bother you know we're making the best of it It's the best situation very true Better attitude, you know make the best of the stitch Next question ego is the enemy. Can you take that too far? I can joke about myself all day and be okay But also I don't want coworkers not to take me seriously So that's actually kind of two questions. It's talking about ego and then talking about joking around right? Those are two different things a little bit like self-deprecating. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, and so can you Can you be too humble and Put your ego in so much check that it hurts you. Yes, actually you can't you know Hey echo how's it going? I'm in charge I'm really horrible at this. I just don't know what I'm doing right? That's not good You know it's like I said to the Marine Lieutenant right? Am I telling them to go into check in and say hey guys? I you know, I just don't I just got here just got out of the basic school. I don't know anything really Do you want to fall that guy? No, that's what I'm talking about So so can you be overly humble? Yes, I like I said it's okay to admit that you don't know everything But that doesn't mean don't be well prepared That doesn't mean don't be confident that you can figure things out That doesn't mean you can't ask good questions right? It doesn't mean that you don't report in without knowing The no-manclature and the fundamentals right that's gonna you know I ain't chocolate just checked in but he knows what our mission's been he knows what our mission statement is He knows how our basic process is he already looked at all that he knows everyone's name. Yeah. I'm prepared I'm prepared So that's what you want to be that's not saying I have no idea what I'm doing right now I just got here no No, that's not what we're talking about so don't be overly humble most people The reason I talk about the other one of be humble all the time is because most people tend towards Letting the video be inflated. That's what most people tend towards so I tend to talk more about hey keep your ego in check when you were Checking because most people are so scared of looking bad. They say well, I know how to do this Never seen it before I know how to do that never seen it before you're gonna look stupid. Hey guys Hey, I've been putting charge in this I know you guys been doing it for a while Looking forward to learning from you and how you execute it and and driving forward and keeping kicking ass in this mission Does anyone get mad at that no it that's a lot different than hey guys. I have no idea what's happening That's too much. Yeah, so don't go there Be humble but not not passive put your ego in check, but don't turn into a baby word of the day The second part of this is question about joking around too much and that's you know that's different from too much ego and Absolutely you can joke around too much now of course and we've talked about this a good team And a good leader they're having fun they're having fun with everything that you're doing and I always had fun I was at fun. I still have fun all the time. I'm having fun But if all you do is joke around all the time Then when it comes time for the jokes to be over people won't take you seriously so that will be problematic you know I had a rule That was no joking on the radios right so if you were on a radio you weren't allowed to take me jokes No joking on the radio and what's cool about the cuz you know and tasking a bruiser when I was a Patoon commander when I was a system to come in her we had fun all the time We laughed we joked we had a blast with everything we did no joking on the radio You see what I'm saying that was a law no joking on the radio and what was good about it Was as I think back to that what that translated to was we're not joking around in the field and That expanded like when we're briefing we're not joking around it was a very clear distinction Of course did people have we did things happen out in the fields and I was like oh my god This is hilarious of course that happened but the general 99% of the time 95% of the time was hey We're in the field we're working we are serious. That's the priority Hmm, did we have fun in the field? Yes did I laugh in the field? Yes, but the priority and this norm was We are going we are serious and we are that's the priority so Don't joke so much that you Don't get taken seriously one time I was with a senior ranking officer a flag officer meeting an officer with stars And we went to go brief I wasn't attached this unit, but they went to go brief this unit Or we went to go receive a brief from a unit and in the brief in a PowerPoint slide These guys hadn't put a slide in that was an inappropriate slide and it was a crude joke And it was really funny. I thought it was really funny, you know I was like oh that's pretty funny that these guys did that you guys saw the slide they had it up there And it was completely inappropriate and and and vulgar, right? That's what it was They didn't know this general at all and he was a very straight-laced guy and didn't Appreciate that kind of humor and they they had like the welcome side the next slide that came up was this inappropriate vulgar slide What was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was it was inappropriate I'll leave it at that and And you know it was like there was a chuckle in the room And at the same time there was nothing but silence in the room And you could feel the discomfort and and since I like I said I thought it was funny and I knew it wasn't gonna go over well as As soon as I saw this oh That's is not good and the reason I'm telling this big long story is because I have another rule Don't put jokes into your slides in PowerPoint No jokes because you can you can articulate the joke because you can feel the room out You can see what's going on you can get it get a taste you can get a feel for them if you if you walk in if they would have Had a chance if I could have said freeze the first slides up you even you've met the general here for for five minutes Do you want to remove that slide? They'd be like oh absolutely let's get it out of that because they could see that he was a serious guy and not you know One to be that that wants to be seen that kind of thing it didn't take it wasn't hard it was you pretty easy book to read But you don't have that opportunity there was no hold on we're gonna delete this slide No there it was boom Welcome it was though it was after the slide of you know this is where we are it was the welcome slide And I said oh So no joking on the radio no joking on your slides keep your slides clean and and the the risk benefit you tell a good joke Hey, that's great you get you know two credits right if your joke is bad and considered inappropriate It's negative 39 so it's not worth it. Yeah, it's not worth it. Yeah, and again. I'm all about you know You you want to have fun when you're briefing you want people to be entertained and have fun But you don't want to have inappropriate stuff. No. Yeah, so that's that for both these For both these things am I joking too much or I'm maybe in two series and my you know is my ego too big or am I being too humble You it's a balance it's a dichotomy leadership and you got to find the right spot in the middle and you got to check yourself and you got to You know if your team is joking when they shouldn't be joking guess what you're leading them the wrong direction If your team is somber and doesn't have any spirit You're not having good enough time so you got to find the balance there same thing with ego, you know or people talking with you and communicating with you and being open with you And telling you when they disagree with things or is no one talking to you because if that's the case Your ego is so big that they don't want to talk you So find the dichotomy leadership find the balance between those two That's a good one if they're if they're not talking to you. Yeah, because you know how it at work You're talking with your friends, you know, and then somebody comes that person comes to it You're like oh, you know for whatever reason you're not necessarily talking about them or nothing but they come in You got to stop your conversation, you know, yeah, that's like a little indicator, you know If you roll up to see people across the room talking and you're like hey that looks like a cool conversation or whatever Or I'm gonna go say hi to pop whatever and you go and they stop talking and they stop like laughing They just stop talking and they give you like small talk or whatever That's that's an indicator. Yeah, yeah, it's an indicator or a tribute actually either one of those two If people are having a good time and you walk into they stop laughing oh, so he said okay And if you walk in and they're having a conversation and they don't they just you know don't want to talk to you You're they're probably they probably they probably don't like your big ego that's slapping them in the face Put your ego and check We got time for one more One more juggle do you ever get worn down by everything you're trying to do and the things going wrong and things not working and having to work so hard only to come up short What do you do then Of course Me of course of course I get worn down Of course I get frustrated with stuff of course things don't always go my way and of course I come up short sometimes Of course But what do I do when those things happen? I keep going It's It's really that simple. I put one foot in front of the other. I move forward another inch another centimeter I Right one more sentence. I I am place one more brick on the wall like gut through one more workout I Step out onto the mat one more time Because Because worn down Isn't beaten And frustration is not going to kill me And The things that don't go my way They they just turn into targets that I'm going to attack harder And when I do come up short Okay, because I just learned one more thing that's gonna get me over the top So At those moments at those low points those times when it seems That defeat Is starting to get the upper hand you don't need some grand plan And you don't need a pep talk and you don't need a miracle You Just need to keep going Keep going just keep going and don't stop regardless of what you are hit with Because if you don't stop yourself The Nothing else can and nothing else will And I think that's all I've got for tonight So Echo One of you go ahead and talk about how we can Support this podcast if we want to if we want to and support yourself if we want to which we do by the way So talk about on it on it supplements Physical and mental by the way, so I think you know I don't know if we failed to mention this or we just been mentioning it a little bit less Which is Alpha brain We haven't talked about I feel like we haven't talked about Alpha brain that much recently been taking it by the way But not talking about it This is good, okay, so it's a new to they call it new tropic or new tropic something True picks. I'm like that helps your brain nutrients to your brain boom directly So two forms The instant it's like powder. You mix it up with your gatorid. Yeah, whatever No, you don't need to mix with gatorid It doesn't you you can mix it on its own right there's two flavors But yeah, there's peach and then there's natural spice and The two flavors Taste exactly like what they sound what they're named Not peach tastes like peach yeah and natural spice All natural spice kick too, but it's also it's got a little peach, but it's got a little natural spice right Was I didn't know those two flavors. Yeah, I have both That's what what is this one this one is all this one is natural spice that's natural spice yeah They get boom, but they have they they they taste sweet right so You don't need to mix it with gatorid and you shouldn't be having gatorid anyways because it's just a bunch of sugar Right in water even at a punch, but we'll say some So me electrolytes in nonetheless mix it with whatever you want man Or just pour it into your mouth. It's powder. That's the thing compared to the capsules. Yep Whatever you like you know the powder one is called the instant so it goes to your brain quick quicker That's just an assumption Nonetheless here. This is what it does which is cool. So you know how like you know you're talking to somebody and you blank out on something like somebody's name No, but Yeah, yeah You gave me a word yeah, I don't think that's how come before wait oh before we were We were recording live I didn't yes acquaintance. I didn't have enough alpha brain. No, that was before we were recording anything No, all right well there it is either way. That's what it does you need more alpha brain now. No, I think you do I think I'm right because I took two of these and I think that that I'm correct nonetheless doesn't even matter Because what it does is it makes you do that like way like actually you don't even do it and I don't I mean Maybe that's a deficient something about some kind of deficiency when that happens you know when they call brain fart I'm in a brain fart you know you don't get brains of constant It's like gas-ex for your brain essentially you know how like gas-ex you know what that does right So you don't you don't do that you don't have to think of words anymore. They just calm boom for real Now I don't want I kind of don't want to bring this up but I will anyways because I don't want to give people bias What I don't you can tell me what cognitive bias says But if you heard people like your brother Jade who says when he takes alpha brain his dreams get all crazy So that's another thing that I and I've I've seen I've talked to other people that that get more vivid dreams Right with the alpha brain. Yeah, so that's another thing just to be aware of yeah Now just I want I don't want to what kind of cognitive bias is that that's not a club of availability bias because I Said it now you're waiting for it and so now you have a vivid dream you think it's the alpha brain. That's all right, right? That's like that's a placebo effect Yeah, I guess but you're attributing it to something you're tripping it down for brain. Oh, yeah So anyway that is a bias you may notice that Your dreams become more vivid. I don't notice it But I've heard some people say I heard Joe Rogan talking about yeah I heard a bunch and Jade is one of those Jay that's she said it before I even heard anything well say he's like all that's like a good thing He did it wasn't a complaint do that's the thing lucid dream But yeah, I like I don't have lucid dreams. I have savage nightmares What I have and I wake up in a pool of sweat and it just to get some an alpha brain fueled savage nightmare Yeah, don't need that. We're not gonna visit that one hopefully that doesn't happen to you But the benefit that I am going to claim and this and it's proven to by the way in a double blind placebo Test official alpha brain helps with your like recall like your memory, you know that stuff Which that's essentially what it is when you think about it when you forget little that one word boom That recall boom boom boom it's just firing. That's how off a brain So yeah, if you're about to do something where you got to think and talk a lot which is everything get on that alpha brain then you'd be glad you did I I took What I used to do a lot so before before I knew how to switch to manual mode regardless I would take a pre workout and alpha brain and It helped was money. Yeah, I actually got one of my better workouts on that little formula So I just kept doing it, but you know how you do something over and over again Whether it's physiologically or otherwise you just you tend to lose that Yeah, it's like if you take caffeine all the time. Yeah, yes, yeah in a way All the same thing. I say alpha brain so I can take it all the time right take it on the regular yeah Be in the blood. Yeah, so my more at less that to do with like the the directive effect of alpha brain and my memory and recall It was more about the kind of workout I got you know So placebo by the way, it's for maybe maybe not though that's the thing or maybe I was just thinking of more cool stuff You know, so it's more enjoyable workout could have been that perhaps maybe maybe not Not the last mistake to the evidence and the proof you'll recall stuff better Remember memorize things better Good all day everyday Also I got that strong bone remember a few weeks back. Oh, yeah, what does it strong both now? You're on that yeah, the facts strong to him Those things he's a thing to you read the thing so calcium is that's the that's the the flagship The element mineral element whatever Calcium that's the one that gets all the credit for your bones It's like or you know the strong team is like the stepchild like is for his recognition But strong team is super important you lose that you know when you get old in whatever, but that's what that's a strong Bone is yeah, you think strong team. Yeah, you think it's strong bone makes your bones strong Which I think that's on purpose, dude. It's like a little plan words you think so Real no How are you smart like that anyway take that strong ball I did it cuz as you know I got by subsidiary 10 to no mobile I set ripped off my bone So if I'm still lift I still do curls whatever I said it I don't need that thing ripping off. I don't need 10 the night is I don't need problems. I don't need issues Got on that strong bone also I take krill oil jocke. Do you take krill oil affirmative? I think you've been taking krill oil longer than I have again and when I say I think it means I know long time even though I've been hearing about great things about krill oil From day one so anyway on the krill oil that helps with joints It gives you this feel air I said this before I will say it again it gives you this feeling where Then this physically it's not emotionally Feeling emotional just FYI yeah No feeling though if I click your finger you're gonna feel that true so this is yeah, and not all good You feel like like if you're sitting down for a long time and then you stand up. Yeah, well you talk about it when I stand What I wrote when I stand up well you're on krill oil so you this applies to you when we stand up if Greg train was here Like we were like a few weeks ago if Greg train was like he wasn't on the krill oil We all stand up after the same amount of time two hours Ish He will be compelled to be like oh Make that sound not crazy, but he'll be compelled to make that sound whether he makes it or not he's gonna feel like making it me I won't you you won't krill oil makes your joints Young again for lack of a better turn Anyway, it helps though. Yes, but if you in all seriousness if you are like lifting weights going hard Yeah, take it all. Yeah, take the krill oil. It'll I mean to where would one get it do that on it dot com if you want 10% off you go on it dot com slash jacco It's the best krill oil too. That's the thing you can get Lane krill oil anywhere Maybe not anywhere, but in other places we'll say but the real deal that good stuff is on it You don't want to get lame krill oil from name krill. Yeah, you want the hard core of the It's true. Do you know how like um like us i e berries? Yeah, you know like you know you You can get junk us i e like the reject us i and paid like cheaper actually this you like krill oil is actually super good price anyway and you get 10% off from on slash jacco that's the 10% off for nonetheless back to that say berries You can get the junk kind and try to taste junk us i e berries and then taste good us i e berries But the difference is like you can tell the difference big time It's like night and day same thing with the krill oil take the good on man forget the lame one It's just my opinion anyway good another good way to support podcast Amazon click through all you do before you do any of your Amazon shopping Click through the website jacco's podcast.com I got a little hint from Somebody in the field That said hey when you tell people to do Amazon click through what you should tell them is to tell their Significant other to click through For instance in my case my wife buys more things on Amazon than i do i'm in the game I'm supporting the podcast sure but What if my wife doesn't know about the click through right she needs to get in the game yeah Don't support right there don't just you do it Get your family get your wife get your your husband Right they're not in the game get him in the game Yeah, uh There's a lot of times yeah a lot of times the other spouse is buying the stuff on Amazon yeah, and they don't know how to support Right they don't know about that website or they're just less compelled or they forgot yeah, and you don't really technically You don't know if they're forgotten or not, you know If you're clever heard this from Sam Harris I knew this already, I'm be honest, but I heard it to reinforce it or some people they will click through And before they do shopping they get that little URL boom save it to favorite save it to to boy call it bookmarks But that's on the top so a moment it's there. It's it's in the front of your head now It's a good way to support small action takes what three seconds if that if that yeah and huge support It's like huge reinforcement Enforcement actually that's all strong supported it is small action bigger reaction Yeah, like sodium when you throw it in water anyway Subscribe to the podcast if you want iTunes could now keep sure good Good play, but that's the best example you can think of really well You're not interested in the house, but you said it we're good over here. Yeah, I can't think of that one Subscribe if you want iTunes stitch your google play all these podcasting Providing platforms and you know you'll get you on the list. You know you click on my podcast boom Automatic it'll be there the new and updated every week so you can just click play you don't got to do the search anymore You know when you do that you go on there and you hey, let me see this podcast you got to search podcast You got to type in in on your phone Actually not that big with deal, but it would be even less of a big deal if you subscribe You just click on my podcast boom updated automatically right there So subscribe to the podcast that's a good way to support leave a review if you're in the mood Chocolate said something extra dope you're like hey like that leave a review feel free Like no, I don't want what you call that Muzzle like what you put on the dogs to stop Yeah, yeah We're not trying a muzzle anybody I was thinking about a muzzle over here for some of the See and it's good that you exercise a no muzzle policy and I think that policy should extend to anyone who's listening And want to support this podcast. That's what I think and apparently that's what you think to and I like that obviously Yeah, so subscribe also subscribe to YouTube. Yeah, we have YouTube channel. I know I say it every week I'm gonna say it again. I'm saying this week. We have YouTube channel Video version of this podcast is on the YouTube channel which is cool obvious right but with strong recommendations from jockel from others online They recommended that you cut out little excerpts put them on YouTube even make a playlist which I did and did I did all of that stuff so there's excerpts on there if you want to listen to three minutes of jockel opinion on what gym what home gym what what equipment makes a good home gym You want to listen to that boom it's available right there how should I approach college Boom jockels advice right there So these X I think they're actually the more I kind of look at them and stuff. I think this is a valuable situation You can share them easy and people way more likely to listen to little excerpts and the whole thing If you're trying to get one you know element of the podcast So yeah YouTube subscribe to that good way to support good way to support Also jockels the store called jockels store if You want to wear T shirts and represent we got some new ones we got a new one on there But regardless of new ones old ones whichever just go in there see if you like one Get one good way to support and boom T shirt also hoodies rash guards Which are not my words other people's words they're pretty dope So you know if you're into activity that you like range of motion and you want to represent and you want to support get a rash guard Those are good. I did them for you just to Or it's only but bad if yeah if you if you if you you know do crossfit Metcons whatnot cycling Run marathons Listing all the things that people send me pictures of them doing in their rash guards So that's what I'm going down this list other stuff if you do all that perfect for that do Very perfect Can something be very perfect it's either perfect or not right? Yeah, I think yeah either way this women stuff on there some patches velcro Regulation size and color um who it is as well also Maybe the travel mugs are on there maybe not none the last I'll talk more about the travel mugs later next time Also Oh jocco store calm I think I said that but you know there it is a reminder Jocco store calm is the website Okay good way to support and support yourself Psychological warfare what's psychological warfare is I know said it before I'm said again Psychological warfare is an album with tracks not music tracks Jocco tracks And if you are You know I'm starting to not like the word self improvement I already don't like that word right yeah kind of like I'm starting to yeah You know, it's kind of like it. Yeah, and I'm to the point I'm like midway through not liking it You know the phases is like don't pull me here something like okay that's going acceptable mid phases like that's cool But I don't like how it sounds when I said and then the last phase is you don't you just don't want to hear it I mean mid phase so but I'm gonna use it, you know for just for the greater good if you're on a self improvement path Journey Journey's another one of those words that You know you're waking up early you're doing workouts now consistently your consistently consistently eating good What about studying and reading and getting smarter to yeah those studying reading um You know writing even anything creative you know Man when you And that's the thing that jams people up when they're like hey, I should do this. I should write my ebook or I should I should do a journal every day or whatever, you know, and they'll do it one day and then they just won't do it anymore You know that's the thing So anyway you've been regardless of what you're doing these tracks like a lot of your part These tracks will help you through this at times of weakness If you're trying to get up in the morning and it's that day, you know you had a long night and a hard workout that morning That you're looking forward to or not looking forward to and you're like you know what I'm gonna just gonna snooze or I'm gonna skip the workout You listen to a certain one or two or three of these tracks It's jacquon who gets you through that moment of weakness and you will workout you will Wake up early 100% probability with very few if any exceptions also On Amazon the while you're clicking through you can get some jacquoite which has some pretty good effects I just pulled a couple of views out This one here says drinking jacquo's white tea has had the following effects on my life Getting after it up 55% Extreme ownership up 92% and also by the way cruising Up 108% so that's important Also deadlift went from 325 to 555 20 pullups instead of sets of five Solid that's good improvement. I don't think anyone would brush that one in a row instead of instead of It's at a 5 There's another person that drank the tea and I thought that this was important because it could happen other people Okay, so this person bought some Jacquoite tea for myself and my next workout was so aggressive I got a strongly worded letter from the UN to see some hostilities so I don't like seeing UN involvement on our workouts, but if you're not careful it might happen And also there's another person I haven't talked about front squatting But you know one person that has been drinking jacquoite is now front squatting about 2000 So again just jacquoite no big deal Double triple quadruple plasibo ultimate tested flawless Numbers yeah, so yeah jacquoite man tastes good and it is good Also right now way of the warrior kid it's out We've been waiting for it. I've been waiting for it boom. Thanks everyone for picking it up getting a copy if you haven't gotten it yet Get it you know what you probably don't you probably wonder if you need it maybe think you don't need it So Little extra little extra for you now this is Young Mark he couldn't do any pullups He couldn't do any pullups He's in fifth grade couldn't do any falls get made fun of people are laughing at him because he can't do any Pullups his uncle Uncle Jake He stays with him for the summer uncle jakes and the sealed teams uncle Jake Get some on the workout program what you and I are Kind of a little refer to as the program Get some on the program and It's been a few weeks now an uncle Jake realizes that mark he's been doing negatives and he's been doing assisted pullups And he's been doing the pyramids, but just hanging on the bar doing all those things getting ready and Uncle Jake realizes now He's ready to do his first pull-up. So he says to him you know, okay, you're gonna get on you're gonna do your first pull-up today You'll go to the back to the book There you go He said get it up Get on the bar Then here's young mark. I was filled with fear every time I had tried in the past no matter how hard I pulled I could never get my chin over the bar Now with Uncle Jake standing right here after all the work he has done with me I just didn't think I'd be able to do it I stood there looking up at the bar well What are you waiting for? Sit Uncle Jake. I slowly stepped up on the box and reached up for the bar the bar was cool in my hands And I noticed something that I hadn't thought about my grip in the past my grip always felt like it was gonna slip off the bar my grip felt different now It felt strong I concentrated and then after taking a big breath I pulled and I went up and And up and up and up and soon my chin cleared the top of the bar. Yes, I had done it I let myself down slowly and dropped off the bar. I looked at my uncle. He had a big smile on his face a big smile He was happy and I was even happier if felt so good I looked at Uncle Jake and yelled yeah As I curl both my fist towards my shoulder like I'd seen weight lifters do in magazines And I could actually tell for the first time in my life I was starting to get some muscles nothing huge but they were certainly there muscle man mark I shouted as proud as I could be Then I saw Uncle Jake smile disappear Hold on there muscle man Said Uncle Jake. I didn't know what was wrong but something was I think it's a bit early for a celebration Early I just did the first pull-up of my life. I think it's the perfect time for a celebration I told Uncle Jake That's a problem Uncle Jake said a problem. Why is a pull-up a problem? Not the pull-up mark the celebration It is way too early for celebrating But I just did my first pull-up ever But your goal isn't one pull-up Your goal is ten pull-ups you did one Sure you have a reason to be happy one pull-up is better than zero But it's a long way from ten No matter what you're doing in life you can't take your eyes off the long-term goal especially to celebrate You can assess you can try and figure out some lessons learned From what you did right and what you did wrong you can even do a little celebrating for the small victories But don't go overboard You need to keep your head in the game so come over here give me a high five and then get back over there and start doing more work on the pull-up bar This is only the beginning I walked over to Uncle Jake who brought his hand up in the air I slapped it hard and he said solid work Now get back over there and get after it Yes, sir, I told him Just a little another little lesson from Uncle Jake you can't get Carke when you make the little cheap minge got to keep your eye on the ball so that's it Check out that book order it way the warrior kid It's a kids book that's what they're telling me I think we all learn a little something from it. I know I learned from writing it You can also pre-a-boarder a book called Discipline equals freedom field manual And it's we're dilinating it right now. It's gonna come out October 17th It isn't a workout book It isn't a philosophy book. It isn't a photography book. It isn't a diet book It's got all those things in there, but how do you categorize it? Where are you gonna put where you gonna put it in the bookstore? Where's it gonna be? Where's it gonna be on Amazon? You know what it's gonna be? It's gonna be in the get after it category and you know what it's gonna be only book in there. So you can order that one You can also order extreme ownership of course if you want to lead and win You can get that book for you and your team If you need some leadership training live you can contact our company echelon front echelon front is a leadership and management consulting business We teach your company to lead With the same principles of leadership that we learned in combat. So if you want to get us in the game with you email info at echelonfront.com We have the master 002 coming up at the Marriott Grand Marquis May 4th and 5th Leadership strategy tactics if you don't make that one guess what that's okay Texas July 13th and 14th at the Omni Barton Creek resort and spa I'm gonna tell you right up straight up don't come for the spa and I'm gonna see the spa If you can't make the one in Texas San Diego September 14th and 15 Follow on operation We've been there once we'll come back again come get your leadership game on Improve yourself As a leader and as a person we'll see you at one of those monsters look forward to it when we're not at the monsters we can be found on the interwebs on Twitter on Instagram And we gonna be relaxing on that face That face he book Wow Echo is at echel Charles and I am at jacquilink Thanks to everybody for listening and for supporting and for asking these questions and for helping us do what we do to the military personnel overseas All of you Our deepest thanks and appreciation for your service and sacrifice stay safe The best way to stay safe is to stay aggressive To the police firefighters EMTs first responders Thanks for staying sharp training hard and standing watch for us here at home And to everybody listening Life isn't easy And it's not supposed to be Sure there's victories and there's triumphs but there's also losses and setbacks But those losses and setbacks only win if you let them So don't let them Don't let them win no matter what happens Keep going Keep getting after it So until next time This is echo and jacquil Out