 This is Jocco podcast number 15 with echo Charles and me, Jocco Willink. Good evening, echo. Good evening. I looked around at the men. I was the only one looking around. All the other heads were bowed down, all of them praying. These men were going into battle, real battle. We could literally hear machine gun fire in the distance where the battle would take place. These men had suffered an incredible number of casualties. They had every reason to pray. I was with Charlie Company. From one of the most hallowed units in the US military, the first in the 506, the band of brothers made famous by their unbelievable performance in World War II, which was documented in the book, Band of Brothers, which became an HBO mini series of the same name. The first of the 506 and Ramadi held the line on that tradition of glory and service and courage. There's nothing I can say that we'll do justice to the admiration and the respect that I had for the first of the 506 and that all of a seals had for the first of the 506. The seals that I sent to work directly with the 506, they became adopted by the 506, red curhy, that's one of the nicknames for the 506. The seals that were directly there, working with them absolutely loved the 506. The 506 represented everything good I can imagine in a military team or any team, professional and discipline and motivated and creative. The leadership in the battalion was absolutely outstanding. The battalion commander, he was the very essence of leadership, he was calm and direct and friendly and open-minded and respectful and respected. His staff and the company commanders and the senior NCOs, they had this unified thread between them, this bond, this connection. It was that tradition and that sense of purpose and that standard of excellence and professionalism. It's hard to describe, but it was absolutely there and it was as real as the sand and the bullets and the guns. There I was and this was early in my deployment to Romadi with tasked and bruiser. I was about to go out into the Malab district with Charlie Company and their company commander was just an outstanding guy. And I knew that this unit and this company and this battalion, I knew was something special and I knew that that term, the band of brothers, I knew that that's what they truly were. When we hear it and I know it's a book and it's a HBO series but where does it come from? Now most people have heard that simple quote. We few, we happy few, we band of brothers for he today that sheds his blood with me shall be my brother. I knew what that quote was. I knew where it came from. I was an English major in college and I knew that that was Shakespeare and I knew that that was Henry the Fifth and I knew how powerful that quote was. Now when you start talking about Shakespeare and you start talking about Henry the Fifth, there's all kinds of different directions you can go because you can go back and you can look at what Henry the Fifth was like in real life and if you was like the leader that Shakespeare made him into in the play and you could talk about Shakespeare himself and the rumors and the myths and the legends that circulate his life and his legacy because there's all kinds of questions about Shakespeare. I mean did he actually write all of his plays? Was he more than one person? Was he a soldier at some point? How did he know all this stuff about the military and what it was like to be a soldier? Was his vocabulary ten times what a normal person is? There's all kinds of like I said, rumor and myth about Shakespeare. And instead of talking about all that and the conjecture and the hypothetical questions I would rather talk about something that is known, something that we have today and those are the words. Words from the play Henry the Fifth which yes was written by Shakespeare and I'm going to tell you don't be scared and don't be intimidated by that. I mean don't be scared and don't be intimidated by Shakespeare because you don't understand it because you can't. And the fact of the matter is no one can at least at first it's not possible to understand Shakespeare out of the gate. It doesn't work. It's another language. It is another language. You can't be expected to understand it. It's written in something called Early Modern English. We speak English. This is Early Modern English which is just a transition from something called Middle English. And if you go on YouTube and you look up Middle English and you have somebody read a real common one. It's a lower prayer in Middle English. you can barely understand it. Parts of it you can't understand parts of the word you recognize. But when you get to Early Modern English now it's a step closer but it's still there's different it's a different type of language and there's archaic words and there's obsolete words and there's words that Shakespeare just made up he would make up words. And it's actually in the patterns of speech or different in the idioms or different and the references are all historical and so if you don't have a grasp on those mythological references and historical references and biblical references then it doesn't have the meaning that it's supposed to have. So you can't expect just to open up Shakespeare and be able to understand it. Now this is actually the opposite of what I often say because to me you hear me say all the time that what makes English so important is that you can make things very simple and very understandable by everybody so then why is it important? Why should we read it? Why should we try and understand it? And the answer that question is actually very simple. Shakespeare had something. He had something. He had some understanding, some knowledge, some insight into the human mind that is not normal. It's not normal. He understood people deeply. He understood relationships, he understood leadership, he understood love and he understood war and I don't know how he did this and I know why he did. And on top of that he had this talent he had this gift to translate that knowledge into words. And this is important because in the late 1500s and the early 1600s this is a whole another deal. There's no special effects. There's no close-up shots of an actor. There's no stunt man. There's no CGI. Everything has to be contained in the words, all the emotion and all the feeling and all the action and all the nature of human beings. It all has to be captured in the words. And the words that Shakespeare uses are heavy. And they're also their parragnant, their parragnant with so much more meaning than what's on the surface. They're filled with depth and knowledge that you have to scrape away and uncover to figure out what they're even talking about. But let's take a look at this. This famous speech in Henry V. The play of the same name. And I'm going to lead into it a little bit just to kind of at least set the context of what's happening. And as I went into my notes, just the opening when you've got this guy that kind of comes out and describes to you what's going to happen in the play. And he kind of introduces Henry, they call him Harry. Any introduces him with this line. Then should the warlike Harry like himself assume the port of Mars and at his heels leashed in like hounds should famine, sword and fire, crouch for employment. So if you break that down, first of all he's coming out of the gate, he's saying Harry is warlike, which means he's fond of war and skilled in it and equipped for it. And in a more literal meeting it's saying Henry is like war himself, which means he has complexities and the youth and the mayhem and the chaos inside himself. And then it goes on to say that he should assume the port of Mars, which means he should take on the bearing of Mars, which is the Roman god of war. That is heels, so down now by his feet leashed in like hounds. So you've got dogs, angry dogs, on leashes and those dogs are famine, sword and fire. And in those days that was war. Because when you did siege warfare on somebody and you locked down their castle, you starved them. Once they were weakened, you burned their castle and then used the sword to finish them off. So he had those dogs of war at his side and they were crouched for employment. If you can imagine a pit bull just tense and coiled like a spring ready to pounce. That's the opening to describe Henry. So they're at war with France and they go to take down this town of Harflur. And at this point this is one of the other really famous speeches from Henry the fifth. And at this point they've broken through the walls and there's a breach in the wall. So there's a hole in the wall. But the French are still defending it. The French are still defending it pretty well. And so Henry has a little chat with his troopers. And this is a pretty famous speech. And he says once more unto the breach dear friends, once more, or close the wall up with our English dead. So he's saying that hole in the wall, charge it, charge it and either get through it or fill up the wall with our dead. And then he says in peace there's nothing so becomes a man as modest stillness and humility. So when things are when things are peaceful, being calm and being humble is a good thing. But when the blast of war blows in our ears, then imitate the action of the tiger. So when war comes, never mind peace and calm. It's time to be like a tiger. And he says stiff in the sinews, summon up the blood to sky's fair nature with hard favored rage. So tense your body and summon up your rage. Then lend the eye a terrible aspect. Let pride through the portage of the head like the brass cannon. Let the brow overwhelm it. So what you say in there is, throw your brow and let your eye poke through your brow like a cannon. Like a brass cannon sticking out of a port hole. As furfully as Dotha gollid rock overhang and juddy his confounded based swilled with the wild and wasteful ocean. So he's saying make your brow overhang your eyes like a rock that druts out over the wild ocean. And then now set the teeth and stretch the nostril wide, hold hard the breath and bend up every spirit till its full height. So you know what that one is, bite down, grit your teeth, flare your nostrils, take a deep breath and hold it in and bring every emotion you have to its utmost. And like like a tension on a bow on on unenobless English whose blood is fed from fathers of war proof, fathers like so many Alexander's having these parts from more until even fought and sheed their swords for lack of argument. So he's saying listen. You got to fight. You got to fight. You English men whose blood is from combat tested warriors like Alexander the Great. And those men have fought on this soil from morning until night forever and they only sheed their swords when there was no one else to fight. Do not dishonor your mothers. Now a test that whom you called fathers did begot you. So don't dishonor your mom. Prove that your father with his warrior blood is really your father. Be copy now to men of grosser blood and teach them how to war. That means being example to the lesser man to the weaker man and show them how to war. And you good young men whose limbs were made in England show us here the metal of your pasture. So young men were basically like the troopers, the foot soldiers and the archers and he saying show us how you were born in England and the pasture. That's where you were raised like a cow was raised on a pasture. Show us what the metal of that pasture is. Let us swear that you are worth your breeding which I doubt not. For there is none of you so mean and base that have not noble luster in your eyes. So no matter where these guys are from, no matter what level of society they came from. He sees the noble luster and the righteous gleam in their eyes. I see you stand like gray hounds in the slips straining upon the start. Now gray hounds, you know, now we're using for racing, they used to be used to hunt to run down animals and a slip. And this is one of those things you got to look this up. I didn't know this. I looked it up today. A slip is an old kind of leech that they used for hunting dogs that when you, it was very, you could, you could basically hit a switch and it would let the dog go. So here are these picture these gray hounds that are in these quick release leaches, but they're straining on them, waiting to go on the hunt to go and chase down their prey. And the next line is the games of foot follow your spirit and upon this charge, cry, God for Harry, England and St. George. So he says the game is a foot meaning the animal that you're hunting, it's out there. Follow your spirit and then go and get after it and as you get after it, yell God for Harry, England and St. George and St. George is the patron saint of England, the dragon and slayer who was an executed Christian murder. So you can see that there's so much inside these words and he captures some of the brutality of war. And so what happens now is they get the village that they're trying to take down and they've put a lot of pressure on, they've gone through the breach, they've gotten foot back, but now they've gone along a lock down and he's telling them, he tells the governor that he needs to surrender before Henry loses control of his own men. This is a scary thing, this is like, hey, if you don't surrender now, I'm not going to have control anymore over these guys. These barbarians at the gate, they're going to come and I'm not going to have control over them anymore. He says the gates of mercy shall be all shut up and the fleshed soldier, rough and hard of heart and by the way, fleshed. This is an old word, it means excited by the taste of flesh. So he's saying these soldiers who are excited by the taste of flesh in liberty of bloody hand shall range with conscience wide as hell. So in liberty of bloody hand, you know what that means? It means our hands are already covered in blood. I'm just going to go forward, I don't care anymore. I don't care anymore. The conscious wide is hell, mowing like grass, your fresh fair virgins and your flowering infants. So we are going to come and we are going to mow like grass. Your virgins and your children. That's that, it's right. He goes on trying to convince them. Again, this is his key point is like, listen, I've control these guys right now. And he goes on. Therefore, you men of harfler take pity on your town and of your people. Whilst yet my soldiers are in my command, whilst yet the cool and temperate's wind of grace all blows the filthy and contagious clouds of heavy, murder, spoil and villainy. So he's saying like, right now there's a cool breeze of peace and grace with my guys, but some contagious clouds are coming of murder and spoil and villainy. And the word to use is heavy is it means intoxicating. Meaning these guys are going to lose their minds. If not, why in a moment look to see the blind and bloody soldier with foul hand, desire the locks of your shrivel, shrieking daughters. Your fathers taken by the silver beards and their most reverend heads dash to the walls. And he's saying, I'm blind and bloody soldier, and I'm blind with rage and blind with murder and foul handsies telling them this. Your naked infants spitted upon pikes and spitted by the way is a methodology used in this time period for cooking small games, small animals and it means you put the animal on a pole from mouth to rectum and he's saying they're going to do this to their children. Wals the mad mothers with their house confused to break the clouds as did the wives of Juliet at herds bloody hunting slaughtermen. So break the clouds. That means cries so the mad mothers are going to go mad with tears. Like they did in the Bible in Matthew 216, that's what this is referring to when King Herred ordered the slaughter of all boys under the age of two and Bethlehem. This is like a threat that they're going to kill all the children. So Henry the fifth is bringing it. What say you? Will you yield and of this avoid or guilty in defense be thus destroyed? So the French hearing these pretty valid threats coming. They surrender. Henry and the troops take that village and then the next thing they do is march and again, moving rapidly through a real war that took place. And they end up settling on the opposing ends of a field which is now what becomes the famous battle of some people call as in court or as in court. And the French, they got more people. I mean it's in France. So they've got more people substantially more people and there's a bunch of different, you know, the books I've read, there's varying numbers, but they definitely had substantially more people. And Henry, he's talking to some of his leadership, his subordinate commanders and then they all kind of walk off the stage and he's left there and he starts talking a little bit about the burden of command and some thoughts on leadership which I was I found very familiar. So he says, upon the king, let us our lives, our souls, our debts, our careful wives, our children and our sins lay on the king. We must bear all. So he knows that the king is responsible for everything. Got to take ownership of everything. And he kind of talks about this idea that the king is, you know, it's the expression of it's lonely at the top. He's about to get into that. And whatever it was, 15, 99. Oh, ceremony, show me but I worth. What is that soul of adoration? Art thou ought else but place degree and form? So he's saying like, what is all this junk besides just social rank and etiquette? What real meaning does it have? Creating awe and fear in other men, where in thou art less happy being feared than they in fearing? So he's saying, look, like these people are scared of me. I'm I'm actually less happy than they are. They're afraid of me, but I'm less happy because I'm the guy that's scaring them. I am a king that find the and I know, it is not the bomb, the septer and the ball, the sword, the mace, the crown imperial, the inter-tissued robe of gold and pearl, the first title running for the king. The throne he sits on, nor the tide of pomp that beats upon the high shore of this world. So he goes through all the kind of stereotypical things that make you a king. You know, the clothes, the septer, the crown, all those things. No, not all these, thrice, gorgeous ceremony, not all these, laid in bed majestical. So not any of those beautiful things, expensive things, can sleep so soundly as the wretched slave. So it's the slave who, with a body filled and vacant mind, gets him to rest crammed with distressful bread. So he's talking about this fact that the king doesn't get to rest, doesn't get to sleep when the slave goes home at night. He's going to eat the fed and distressful basically that means that they made it themselves. They made it with their own hands. They actually get some satisfaction of making their food and eating it. He's even get that satisfaction. His mind is constantly churning about the fate of the kingdom. And it's actually, interestingly, when I was in, I know we did a podcast here about Sri Lanka, and I talked about me being in Sri Lanka. And I tried to drag it because again, I'd never been in combat. This is the mid-90s. And I tried to drag as much knowledge as I could out of the Sri Lankan guys, the Sri Lankan military, the Sri Lankan special boat service and the special forces guys that we were working with and they were unbelievably combat experienced veterans. But one of the guys that I befriended who is an army captain and his, he was one of those guys who is a guy that was a good leader. But man, he felt exactly what this guy, what Henry the fifth is talking about here. And I remember him saying, you know, he's kind of just having a late night conversation with me because like I said, I was constantly trying to garner information from these guys and learn from them. And you know, he, because this guy had been at this guy had been a regular soldier. And then he had been promoted, he'd gone up the ranks. And he said, you know, Jarko, when I was a soldier, meaning when he was just a grunt soldier, I'm, you know, lower and listed guy, he said, I knew I could survive anything. And I knew I could take care of myself. And it was actually kind of fun. And he said, now that I'm a company commander because now he was actually pretty senior guy, he said, it is the most stress and it is the most harrowing thing, because I'm not worried about myself anymore. But I'm so worried about all these other guys. That's what the worry is. And yeah, I actually got to know that feeling myself. The leader gets no rest and what Henry's talking about is that burden of command. And that's the same thing that Sri Lanka guy was talking about. You hear me talking about it as well. You know, that burden of command is heavy. And now, so now, you know, again, I've kind of gone very quickly through what this to get to this point where where Henry the fifth makes this famous speech. And as I said, the English are on one side of the battlefield in the French. The other, again, this really happened. This is this is factual information. And they can hear each other and they can at night, they see each other's campfire burning and the English, like I said, they know they're outnumbered. And finally, one of the leaders, you know, as they're as they're getting ready to go and come about one of the leaders from the British side, he calls out kind of like wishing that they add more men. And it's interesting and it's pretty important to know that, I mean, obviously Shakespeare fictionalized this in many ways, but that speech is actually rooted in a real account. It's rooted in a real account of something that was said. And, and the account was written by an anonymous chaplain that was like on tour with these guys. And he just wrote down what he saw. And in his report, it was the a guy named Sir Walter Hungerford that suggested to the king that it would be nice if they had another 10,000 archers from England that were not doing anything, you know, that are sitting back, doing, you know, back in England, sitting in peace and it'd be nice if they had them there. But now in the play, it's a character named Westmoreland, who's one of, you know, the, the lieutenant's or the one of the subordinate leadership of Henry V. And he says, oh, that we now had here, but one 10,000 of those men in England that do know work today. So he's saying that same thing, he's like, listen, here we are about to go to battle, work completely outnumbered and be nice if we had some of those other guys that are in England right now that are sitting in bed they're doing nothing. And so, so now King Henry responds. And again, this is this is in the same vein that was documented by this synonymous chaplain. And of course, Shakespeare wrote it, so it's got to be, it's a lot more impactful, but the message is the same. And I'm going to go through this once and kind of break it down. So so that we can understand what the meaning of these different words are before I just roll through it. So when he said, you know, this guy says, you know, if only we had more guys. And King Henry says, what's he that wishes? So meaning who just said that? Said, my cousin West Moorland, know my fair cousin. If we are marked to die, we are enough to do our country loss. And if to live the fewer men, the greater share of honor. So we say, no, listen, if we're going to die, we got plenty of guys here to die for our country. But if we're going to live and if we're going to win, the fewer men we have, the better, because that's more honor for us. God's will, I pray the wish not one more man is one anybody else. By Jov, I am not covetous for gold nor care I who defeat upon my cost. So he doesn't care about gold. He doesn't care who he feeds and who eats off of his check that he's cashin. It earns me not if my men, my garments wear, meaning he isn't people. He doesn't care if people are either taking his clothes or if they're wearing his real colors. It doesn't care about any of that. Such outward things dwell not in my desires. Those things don't matter to him. But if it, if it be a sin to covet honor, I am the most offending soul alive. So if it's about honor and if it's a sin to want honor and want glory, then he's the guiltyest person of them all. No faith, my cause, wish not a man from England. God's peace, I would not lose so great in honor as one more man. Me thinks would share from me for the best hope I have. Oh, do not wish one more. So he's just going off like no, we don't want anyone else. I don't want to share my honor with anyone else. Rather, proclaim it, Westmoreland, through my host that he which half know stomach to this fight let him depart. His passport shall be made and crowns for convoy put into his purse. So he's okay, you know what, Westmoreland? As a matter of fact, tell everyone that anybody that doesn't have the guts or the stomach to stand here with us and fight, tell them, I'll give them a passport and I'll give them money to pay for their trip home. We would not die in that man's company that theorist is fellowship to die with us. He's one of die with anybody that fears the duty, that's what they mean by fellowship, the duty to die with us. This day is called the Feast of Crispy and so Crispy and this is actually a legit twin brothers. Interestingly, Crispy and Crispy and Twin Brothers, they helped the poor and they preached Christianity and they were tortured by a Roman governor and they were thrown into the river with millstones tied around their necks and they survived and when they survived that they pulled them out of the water and they beheaded them. They were venerated and they became saints on October 25th and that's called St. Crispy and today, sometimes it's called St. Crispy and today, but that's what it is. So this day, this is October 25th when they're about to fight. He says this day is called the Feast of Crispy and he that out lives this day and comes home safe will stand a tiptoe when the day is named and rouse him at the name of Crispy and so anybody that anybody that lives through this day and comes home safe when it's going to be St. Crispy and today they're going to get on their toes they're going to be so excited about it. He that she'll see this day and live all day, he'll yearly on the video feast his neighbors and say tomorrow is Saint Crispy and so again anyway that lives through this is going to be going to their neighbors and say, tomorrow Saint Crispy and today then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars and say these wounds I had on Crispy's day. So he's going to be at their feast he's going to roll up his sleeves and he's going to say, you see these scars? These are what I got on Crispy's day. Old men forget yet all shall be forgot but he'll remember with advantages what feats he did that day so he's saying everything gets forgot right but the old man will remember the glory days of that battle and what he did it will be the highlight of his life. Then our names familiar in his mouth as household words, Harry the King, bedford and exeter, warric and Talbot, Salisbury and Gloucester be in their flowing cups freshly remembered. So all their names are going to be remembered. This story shall the good man teaches son and Crispy and Crispy and shall narrow go by from this day to the ending of the world but we in it shall be remembered. So we say, look, this is a story that good men are going to tell their sons and they're going for ever remember on this day to the ending of the world what we did. We few, we happy few, we band a brothers for he today that sheds his blood with me shall be my brother. And that one doesn't really need an explanation but we sure do hear about brotherhood a lot. Be he near so vile this day shall gentle his condition so no matter where you're from, no matter what you were like, no matter what kind of a person you were today when he says gentle his condition that today will make you a gentleman today will make you a man. And gentle men in England now are bed so guys that are back in England right now sleeping shall think themselves are cursed they were not here and hold their manhoods cheap whilst any speaks that fought with us upon St. Crispin's day. So like I said, anyone that's home in England and that word of bed it's like implies being lazy and sleeping they're going to curse that they weren't there and they'll know that they weren't real men and I mean he used the word manhood which implies you know, testicular fortitude they didn't have the testicular fortitude to fight and that's that's the speech with the understanding and I haven't even gone all the way. I mean I didn't go to break down each and every word and the depth and meaning behind them because they are so impactful. And if you go when you read you can get like a translated modern version that kind of dumps down the language and that's okay but I'm telling you having done both when you do that that's like compared to actually doing the work and studying and figuring out what it all actually means if you just take a dumb-down version it's like diet Shakespeare or Shakespeare right it's it's actually worse than that it's like firing a cap gun versus firing a real gun it kind of looks the same and it might even sound a little bit the same but one of them will kill you and the other one just goes bang you know it's not as heavy and what's really bizarre and this is I think actually this is really strange if you go on YouTube and you look up Henry the fifth St. Crispin's Day speech right if you look it up you'll get these classically trained actors famous I mean famous actors doing this speech and in my mind they don't get it they don't get it right and I you know what I know I'm a nobody I know I'm just some guy and these people a lot of people at study Shakespeare and did it on stage and all of a sudden I'm just an ignorant you know rich from the trenches and I don't understand I am a pentameter and all the other little details but I'm telling you I don't think they get it and when I watch the professionals do this I don't think they get the emotion I don't think they understand the leadership I don't think they get the fear and the blood and the death and I don't think they understand war and when these actors take these great words that are crafted brilliantly and they try and say them like leaders to me they still sound like actors they don't sound like men that have fathered and don't sound like men that have seen battle they definitely don't sound like men that have seen war I think Henry the fifth would have sounded different this is what I think would be closer to what Henry the fifth a combat leader would have sounded like as he as he answered some one of his subordinate leaders out there in the crowd saying that we need more people we need more men I think this is what he would have sounded like what's he that wishes so my cousin was moreland know my fair cousin if we are marked to die we are enough to do our country loss and if to live the few men the greater share of honor God's will I pray the wish not one more man by jove I am not covetous for gold nor cari who do our feet upon my cost it earns me not if men my garments wear such outward things to well not my desires but if it be a sin to covet honor I am the most defending soul alive no faith my cousin wish not a man from England God's peace I would not lose so great and honor as one man more me thinks would share for me for the best hope I have oh do not wish one more rather proclaim it west moreland for my host that he which has no stomach to this fight let him depart his passport shall be made and crowns for convoy shall be put into his purse we would not die in that man's company that fears his fellowship to die with us this day is called the feast of crispy and leave that out lives this day and it comes home safe will stand a tiptoe when the day is named and rouse him at the name of crispy and he that shall see this day and live old age will yearly on the video feast his neighbors and say tomorrow is Saint Crispian then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars and say these wounds I had on crispy and stay old men forget yet all shall be forgot but he'll remember with advantages what feats he did that day then shall our names familiar in his mouth as household words hairy the king bedford next to her warwick and talbot salsbury and claustar being there flowing cups freshly remembered this story shall the good man teaches son and crispy and crispy and shall narrow go by from this day to the ending of the world but we in it shall be remembered we have a few we have a few we bend of brothers for who for he today that shed his blood with me shall be my brother be he near so vile this day shall gentle his condition and gentleman in England now a bed shall think themselves a curse that they were not here and hold their manhoods cheap while any speaks that fought with us upon Saint Crispian's day now that is a speech and that is like I said there's a lot more to it than what I covered there's so much depth there and that's why it's lasted the ages and that's why you hear people talking about brotherhood and this is what they refer to and as far as Shakespeare goes and I talk all the time about getting stronger and faster and getting smarter and stronger and faster that's I mean that's pretty straightforward how do you get stronger faster you let weights you work out you do your calisthenics you do physical activity to get stronger and faster but how do you get smarter well this is a one way to get smarter you go out and you find something that you do not understand and you gain understanding of it words you don't know and phrases you don't know and concepts you don't know you find them and you learn them you teach yourself the resources are there and by the way you know what it's free there's no gym fees there's no equipment to buy you can get all of Shakespeare his entire canon on the internet for free hmm it's at the library for free the only thing it does take and the only thing it does cost is just a little something that we call discipline right to get in there to open that book to challenge your brain in order to free your mind so that's Shakespeare that's Henry the fifth and very impactful and definitely a classic representation of the band of brothers that I had the honor to work with in Ramadi I rack in 2006 the first the five oh six and I guess it is time for questions from the interwebs and speaking of the interwebs those are from on it yes yeah we are in fact sponsored by on it dot com boom which is where jockel gets his krill oil to keep his we'll say what aging joints no we'll just say joints not did not deteriorating we'll just say aging but to say joints to keep his joints together so I get some alpha brain that's why I'm so smart I remember he's so good I'm actually encouraging to take more alpha brain yeah it's up the game a little bit yeah what it's good yeah so on it dot com oh yeah and you can get some yeah and you can get some get some kettle bells and some cobells and going toss those things around and get yourself a little bit stronger get them on it dot myself of a few zombie bells and else and you probably used that one I have them I have them uh they're my they're my kind of go to when I I have them sitting around because they they do they kind of draw you in because I see what I think when I see zombie when I see zombies I think zombie apocalypse I think I've been ruining some of the I only hated a couple kettlebell snatches real quick I got a little bit of a little two minutes spare yeah boom they're up there yeah and they're dope though and apparently they're balanced just like regular ones yeah no they feel they feel not on it you know you can get them at on it dot com oh n and it dot com slash jocco and you get 10% off boom get some shrimp tech sport but you always follow your the shrimp tech sport I think I think as a public service yeah if you're doing something that's high output like a crossfit situation you do that's a public service yeah I don't need you night in day anyway shrimp tech sport that's the one I'm gonna go on the shrimp tech sport I think I don't think see what's up and I didn't worry about the Amazon dot com yes if you would like to support this podcast in a painless way we'd call it painless yeah seamless seamless same painless quasi seamless instead of going straight to amazon dot com go to joccostore dot com or jocopotcast so from buy and tv you buy a flat screen last but tv for $800 right and you could do it through you do it through you click through jocopotcast dot com or joccostore dot com sure or joc was then in the podcast get supported financially yeah it gets like you know little some some yeah it's better than nothing yeah and it's yeah and actually Amazon pages because yeah that's cool because it takes time to do the podcast right it takes preparation to the podcast yeah and you don't want to be honest but I do it anyway yeah obviously I think you would too but what we did but people asked though they're like hey this is great but some people they'll they'll sign up something I guess other podcasts they'll have situations where you can sign up and just enter your credit card and it'll take out like a dollar a month or something as like a thing this guy I for totally forget his name such a cool way anyway even you told me that I was like dang that solid but nonetheless should we do that uh I don't know what to necessary but I don't know hey I think we're well maybe we'll research that yeah because I do people always say hey how can we support because people are getting value and when they give value they want to give value they want to give you something back which is awesome yeah I appreciate that very cool yeah I mean the prep notes today were 17 pages long working on for the past few days getting ready you know that's like a turn paper in college you know those grinders total gut check yeah it's like a 400 level turn paper my turn paper is a one page yeah one page college athlete over there and oh yeah one more thing about about Amazon somebody hit me up on Twitter and said hey you need to say on your podcast that you have your your book extreme ownership is an audio book yeah and what what I think is cool about it is life who wrote the book with me he's another seal he worked with me in Ramadi and he and I are the ones that read it so we each wrote chapters we each wrote half the chapters and we reread it so you know if you use to the jockel podcast voice yeah and and you know life was on the podcast obviously podcast number 11 so yeah so you can get the audio book and you got another it's eight hours long it's no joke if you had a long drive eight hour drive yeah get you got an eight hour driver's disco from send you yeah yeah that's one of those drives it's good okay yeah so jockelstore dot com jockelpodcast dot com alright in on it on it on it on it on it on it on it on it on it on the down for a few seconds thank you all right internet questions first question kind of the paragraph with the question yeah we got some long questions jockel i'm just curious about your opinions on the regular army infantry. It seems like nowadays the regular infantry is almost looked down upon from the regular public and every prior military public speaker. I almost feel like we're looked at like we were just bodies that held ground and absorbed attacks and made no real impact on the war. I'm almost hesitant to ask because I'm not sure if I can or I'm not sure if I'm in denial or if it's just pride. I served with some fantastic warriors and I don't want those heroes to be looked over in history because they were regular gruts. So I'd enjoy your opinions on this matter and if you could enlighten me on how infantry divisions are looked at from other groups and organizations. Yeah, this question, you know, it bothers me. It bothers me because if you couldn't tell from the opening that I did tonight, talk about the first of the 506, I would tell you the same thing about so many other units that we have the utmost respect and admiration for what we used to call conventional for forces with an alcohol general purpose forces, but it's the Marine Corps, the US Marine Corps, the US Army, they're regular infantry at a ground pattern, they're grunts. And we, like I said, the guys in my task, the guys in home to suit teams, we have nothing but respect and admiration for the ground pounders for the grunts. And for my position, you know, have been a Romani with the 228, which was a reserve unit offensive land unit iron soldiers. Those guys were outstanding, outstanding. And then they turned over with the 118 and you've heard me talk about them and the battalions that were attached to them. Those guys were just all of them. I mean, they were just so professional, so brave. And of course, special forces and seals and Rangers and Marsock and Afsock for whatever reason, special operations gets attention. I mean, the name is special operations. So it gets this attention. I'm not 100% sure where it comes from or where it's started or whatever, but there's something about the public and the media, and I don't know, the media feeds the public and the food, the public feeds the media, the media feeds the public. So like the public wants to see stories. So the media produces stories about the special operations types. And then it goes into a vision circle, a vicious circle, and they just make a bunch of new stories about it. And so, you know, it's like this little mistake or whatever of special operations, probably that's that's that's having that impact. But let me tell you, just for everybody, for anyone that's on that's not been in the military, that has that, you know, things, the special operations guys must be more, you know, elite or do more dangerous stuff wrong, wrong. Do they do dangerous stuff? Yes. But, you know, I've been all, and when I was in Iraq, my first diploma to Iraq went all over Iraq. It's spec second to diploma, stayed in the Romadi, but I, during that time saw the conventional units, the general purpose forces, the ground pounders, the grunts, the Marine Corps, and not just them, but I talked about this last time, the logistics folks, I mean, so it's everybody, they're out there, they're living in forward operating bases. They're living in combat outposts in the middle of cities, you know, small groups out there, eating MREs, just living in really tough conditions, doing daytime patrols and horrible areas, working with Iraqi soldiers. You know, like I just said, doing these logistics runs, you know, these are where you get blown up with an ID, these are where you get an ambushed. I mean, this is what they did all the time. Every day, this was their job, even like the mine clearance operations, you know, you're going out and you're going out to go and get blown up or try and look for things that are going to blow you up. And, you know, first, sure, you got some guys that are in the big, mind protected vehicles, but when we were in Romadi, there was a Marine Corps unit that would fall behind those guys sometimes in our meeting, they would fall behind those guys, they're just going to pray, and for tree guys, just out there, get an after it. And so, what do we think of that? I mean, I have just admiration, respect, and just utmost, the utmost, I hold those guys in the highest esteem because they held the line. So to that guy, the out there that asked that question, believe me, anybody that's been in combat and knows what you guys do. And I spread that word all the time, you listen to any, even if you read, if you read Lavinized book, I mean, we talked about that in great detail about the respect and admiration we had for for the general purpose forces, the grunts, the ground pounders, the bravest, the most professional and most dedicated people that I could ever imagine. And I was absolutely honored and everyone in my seal task unit was honored and humbled to have served with such brave warriors. So that's how I feel about our US military. Next question. So, Jockel posted a Twitter post, Instagram, Twitter and Instagram post of a picture black and white, strangely, and sort of a gig. Yeah, you think. Um, of just the mats and I think there's some ambiguous figures of his dean right teaching somebody. Anyway, he said, talked about he learned the lesson or something like that. Anyway, so the question is, Jockel, what lesson did you learn for the thousandth time? Because he said, he said that. It was. In training with dean the other day. So what was that? The lesson was rules, rules must sometimes be broken. So let me, let me give you the quick story for the philosophy that our Jitu players will indulge you a little bit with some Jitu. So Friday, night training, and dean, I usually train hard on Friday nights. And we had, uh, we had a war. We had a little death match on Friday. And it started off. We would have probably, I don't know, five, six, maybe seven minutes. And he got me, got me in a little, uh, got me in a little situation that forced me to submit. And then we, we also had a let's go again. And so we went again. And I, and I warmed down and I got the better of him. And actually, the, the deeper water I take him into, the better things get from me, right? So I warmed down and I got a hold of his arm. And I had him in a, I had him in a compromised position for probably five minutes. And, you know, he, and he at the last moments, good, great timing. And he just got out, Armbar. It was a straight arm walking. And, uh, so he got out and we got out. He was done. He was like, yeah, I'm done. I mean, he got out of it, but he was done. So Jocco got a little moral victory, right? And then I kind of antagonized him a little bit, which is what Dean and I do. We, we instigate and we antagonize each other. And so I antagonized him a little bit about, you know, you know, you don't want to train anymore. Oh, could you two, you're too broken down. You know, I'm going to stay here and train more. You can go home and, you know, have a glass of warm milk or whatever. You're going to just give him a hard time. So, so, you know, inside, and I failed to recognize us inside psychologically, he was, he was not happy about that. And so Saturday, he's like, hey, you know, let's train. And so I missed that. I missed that. It's a cue. That's a red flag. So when I showed up, you know, he says, oh, you know, let's just work some moves and we, we went over some stuff and working some other people. And, you know, we're just kind of very relaxed laid back. There was no class going on. We're just just relaxing. And I said, hey, man, I got to leave it such as such a time. I go pick one of my kids up. He goes, yeah, yeah, no problem. He goes, I got to leave too. So now I think he's got to leave. So I'm actually thinking, we're, we might get a light roll. That'll be it. You know, maybe like two, five minute rounds. So, and he's got the, you know, the nice guy phase and all that stuff that he's given me. So anyways, I said, you know, we work on stuff. And he says, all right, let's roll real quick. He even threw that out there. Like it was just going to be a quick roll quick. Yeah, just a quick roll. So I'm thinking, I'm thinking too much through. I'm literally I'm thinking too much through if you're meant to like to go over, maybe try some of the stuff we were just drilling a little bit. No, he comes full on. I mean, and it was the disguised full on. So he didn't, you know, get up. But he just went very sternly and, and passed my guard really quick. And then, and actually, you know, you and I were, had discussed this mountain escape that I had done to the other day. And I was actually like, I don't know, care if he mounts right now. I've got this new escape. And I'll just use that. And he aggressively mounted and he aggressively went for this move that we call the snow angel, which is when you get the person's arms up like a snow angel, like up above their head from the mountain. And it's just horrible. And they're in there. Yeah. Yeah. We're above. You have no leverage. You can't move. And so not only give me a snow inch, you've got me in double snow. So both my arms are stuck up there. Now, what was bad about this was there was a moment. Okay. And this was this is the rule that I learned because after we broke it down. So Dean kept me there for, you know, probably seven minutes in double snow angel, which is just a nightmare. Because he's not just holding me there. He's like saying things. And you know, he's antagonizing me. And I'm sitting there just wanting to kill him. And I forget he, I actually forget how it ended. I don't remember if he went for an arm lock and he got it or if he went, I got out. I forget how it ended because it's kind of a big blur, which most of my rules are. But anyways, the rule is, and I don't want to go into too much detail, be just because it's a little too technical and too hard to, you know, do through the audio podcast. But, you know, basically, I don't let my elbow cross the other person's sternum. I don't let it go across their sternum because if it does, you can get pin there. You can stuck there. So there was a moment where, when Dean was trying to move me into snow angel, where I should have sacrificed and done like a drastic movement that's a major breaking of that rule and turned to my side really hard and put my elbow across his sternum and it would have gotten me out. And as we, as we looked at it, you know, because once I was out, then we went over for a few minutes, just to just try and analyze what happened. And I realized that, you know, that I had to held onto this rule of mind even though part of me was like, you know, what, should I try it? And I didn't, I didn't try it. And so then I got a worse position, worse position, worse position. So the lesson learned is that sometimes you got to break your rules. Now, the thing is, it's not just you, Jitsu, right? It's not just you, Jitsu. It's about business. It's about life. It's about relationships. It's about not getting stuck in a rut. And it's about being able, because it's another thing is I, I was in my own head. I didn't detach from the situation. I didn't look at it from another position and say, okay, you know, this is getting worse right now. I just was stuck there mentally. So you got to think, you got to think about your rules objectively. And I didn't do that. And it's a rule that has, has saved me many times. But this time, it, it costs me nearly, nearly. So don't let your rules rule you. You got to keep ruling your rules. Don't let your rules rule you. Yeah, you, um, another way to kind of look at that is a, like, a black and white mind, you know, you don't, like, don't stick. Your mind is more or less black and white for sure. Well, as far as I think generally speaking, but don't neglect the gray. Yeah, just so much gray in there. And of course, you know, if you have rules and their solid rules, man, yeah, stick to those rules. But like I said, don't neglect the gray. You know, how you say, you got to break rule everyone, so I don't be just, hey, rules are meant to be broken. Let's just break it. Not don't do that. People use that as a, uh, some people use that as a, uh, excuse to do whatever they want. Right. Yeah, exactly. And they're wrong to, they lack the discipline. I'll, next question. Let's do it. I'm glad you use that. Mom, skip by the way. Check. Do you have any advice on consoling a member of your team that you're leading who knows there to blame for the project failing or, um, falling through? The person question is a great worker, but just made an honest mistake that cost that caused the failure of the project. If you extremely guilty for putting my job at risk and I can't convey to them enough that I understand it was an honest mistake. And then I personally failed to communicate enough with them. I think it's a great thing this person is so passionate at their job. But is there any way I can get them to distance themselves and show them that this one failure is not that big of a deal? So, um, yeah, like, like, the question says it's cool that you got somebody that's passionate, right? That's great. And it sounds like they want to take ownership and that's great too. It sounds like they are having trouble moving on. So, in this case, no, no major complication. This is not that big of a deal. You just got to talk them through it. And for me, I would use probably some kind of, you know, some stories, a real simple one is like about parachuting. And if you're parachuting, one of the main training points when you're parachuting and something goes wrong, yes, you don't get focused on just trying to fix the bad shoot. Because that's what gets people killed. They're looking up. They think maybe they can save the shoot. They think they can make it open somehow. And the next thing you know, they hit the ground, right? And they die. So, what they do is they they teach you that, hey, you got to bat you, you know, you pull your main parachute and it doesn't open correctly. You take a look at it, you go, okay, is this thing going to open or not? You make a decision and then you cut it away. And it's gone. And you focus on the next thing, which is getting your reserve parachute to come out to save your life. The one that didn't open doesn't matter anymore. So move on. You can think about it like a like a shooting competition, too, because it's the same thing. When you're shooting, you don't want to shoot. You don't want to think about the last shot that you just missed. And you don't want to think about the next shot. That's a hard shot or a far shot or you don't want to think about those other shots. You want to think about the shot that you're taking. That's the one that you want to think about. And if you're getting caught in the past, it's going to ruin what you're trying to do in the present. So you, you know, you have to move on. This is something you've got to explain to your employee that's getting your look, listen, I understand that you had a rough time. If you can't let that go, it's going to screw up the project or working on now. So let's let that go. Let's move on. So that's what I'd say. I'm saying, listen, look, buddy. I know this one went bad. I get it. You feel bad. Appreciate it. It's over. It's in the past. Let's take the lessons learned and we got to move on. It's not. Do I want yesterday? If we do well on yesterday, it takes our focus off of today and tomorrow, which are the things we can actually control. We can actually control what we're doing today. We can actually control what we're going to do tomorrow. We don't have any control over what happened yesterday. That's gone. So what I need you to do is focus on this mission now and making sure we execute it 100%. That sense of or that access to control over a situation that's so critical to know when you're in that position. Because to know what to know that you control it. Yeah, to have it on the front. What you can't in control. Yeah, to like I said, have access to that because it feels as farce feeling so. It feels like you use the parachute analogy. It feels like, there's the problem. The parachute, that's the problem. So all my attention and all my emotional energy is on that. That's the problem. But like I said, if you just under just focus on the fact that I can't control that bad shoot that bad shoot is gone. That's, you know, and cut it away. And yeah, focus on the thing. But like I said, man, that's the key right there to understand that man, you don't have control over that anymore. We're done with that. We're not doing that anymore. Yeah. We're doing this new stuff. You know, I should have said that on the last one about talking about breaking rules. I said business. I said, life, I forgot to say combat. But combat's the same way. If you get stuck in a standard operating procedure and you won't see your way out of it, you're going to pay and it's the same thing in combat. If you make one bad decision on the battlefield and now you start dwelling on that bad decision, you kind of forget about that. You got to move on. You got to move forward. So, you know, the only reason you look back, it's just assess the lessons learned. You're going to take away from it and then turn back around it. Look forward. Don't get sucked into the past and get drowned and pulled back there because you can't control it. You can't change what happened. Yeah. Move on, buddy. That other question, the black and white mind one, or you breaking your own rules. You're one rule. Kind of like, um, on Ghostbusters, one, don't cross the streams. You're watching Ghostbusters. Yeah. Same thing that. But then they had to eventually. Right. They had to cross the streams. The streams to kill that. The demon. Yeah. The urination man. I think you actually intentionally try to do this. That was a little reach. That was a little reach. Those are understandable terms. Okay. Jockel. What's the best advice heading into the military straight from high school? Well, and this this question is actually from my brothers from Downhunter, Cain, Dover, and Nicholas Bennett. And they've been, uh, they've been down there in Australia getting there getting there for a and wake up challenge on for about, I don't know, 35 or 40 days there at this point. And what's cool. What's been cool is hearing their feedback as they've kind of turned their lives around and they're getting all the stuff done. And actually, you know, it was hilarious. He sent a one of them said a tweet with a picture of a text conversation with some company that they were trying to work with. And it said something like the time on the tweet was, you know, 501 in the morning or something like that. And you know, he said, hey, you're still offering blank or some program or whatever. And then the response was, yes, we are still offering that. And then then the, you know, the reply was, okay, I'm really interested in accessing that program or whatever. And the response was, okay, but don't text people at 5 a.m. And then the response to that was, okay, wake up earlier, which I thought was classic. So those guys are rocking. It's very cool to see. So, and what it's actually one of the, and I figured, which one of them, one of their brothers is going in the military, which is awesome. Very cool to see Australian military work with them a little bit. Actually work with them on a small level a lot, meaning that I work with a couple of their soldiers a lot over the years, but I never worked with them in a big unit, but they were great guys. Here's a couple real simple things. And I'm assuming that he's going to some kind of army or some kind of ground for us. He's going to be a trooper on the ground. Obviously, being shape, do runs, do pushups, do situps, do pullups. I would say be ready to march in boots. That's one of the things that you do in any infantry unit that is shocking to civilians is putting on boots and putting on rucksacks and walking on distances. Well, do your feet get like your feet rushed? It's just a different kind of exercise. And we talked about before at Humberock, man. You got to just put on a rock and humberock and you got to wear whatever footwear they're going to supply you, trying to get the closest thing to that and get your feet ready for it so that you so that you don't get your feet destroyed, become football in the water. So most military has some kind of water testing. You know, we're going to throw you into pool, whatever. You know, going with a normal haircut, that's not going to make that big of a deal because, you know, they're going to shave your head within moments of showing up. So that's not the apricot of a deal. But, uh, detach. Okay. You're going to get these crappy situations where people in New Yellinachy were making you much stuff. Just detach, just detach and watch it because the drill instructors are hilarious. And if you're, if you're getting it, if they're in your face, you can be like, damn, this is harsh. But if they're in your face, but you're watching it from a free place of mind, it's so awesome to watch and it's so fun. And so easy to understand what they're doing. You know, you got to remember they're not going to kill you in training. And, and enjoy it. I had fun. I had fun in all my indoctrination courses, which is, you know, you're all your courses where you're getting treated like a recruit. So for me, it was boot camp. It was Buds. It was Airborne School and, and really an OCS too, Officer Cannon at school. All those things. I had a great time. I had a blast at those schools. I had fun getting indoctrinated. I embraced the little rules that they throw outside the barista and I take them to the extreme. And I had that's how I ended up having fun fun with it. And then the last thing I would say, and I actually, I almost missed this. But this is, this might be the most important thing. Okay. So you're 18 years old. You just got done with high school. You show up in the military and guess what? You start getting a paycheck. All of a sudden you're the richest guy in the world. Because at Mickey D's, you were making 750 an hour. And all of a sudden now you're getting a fat paycheck of, you know, $2200 a month. But you don't have any expenses. Because you're in the barracks or whatever. You've got all your food coming to you. So what are you going to do with that money? Well, a lot of guys in the military. What they do with that money is they blow it. They blow it on women and whiskey and they get the big toys. They get the massive toys. They get the massive trucks and motorcycles and hardlies and and everything. I got nothing against those things. But what you need to do is save your money. And, you know, they throw figures around 15% of your paycheck, 20% of your paycheck, 10% of your paycheck. But put that money somewhere long term where you're going to grow it. And then I would tell you, you know, on just by house, by house and then rent out the rooms to three guys and you sleep on the couch and have them be paying your mortgage. And when you get them all stabilized and that mortgage is kind of covered, it go by another house and do that every few years. And there's no reason to retire from the military and not be completely set where you never have to work again. If you just don't blow all your money on stuff that you don't need. And I'm not saying you got to live like a monk. But just don't blow all of it. Blow some of it. Don't blow all of it. And that's that's real important to all the folks doing the military or new to the military. You can make that happen. Financial discipline equals financial freedom. There you go. Good. Next question. I'm a firefighter slash paramedic. Historically, my profession has always been composed of alpha men. And all you had to worry about was teaching the skill and not the aggressive side of a person that is key within this job. We now face a new generation where they're hiring soft, they're hiring softer men. Quite a quote, softer men. Do the upper management and human resources criteria. So when you get these guys, the drive that is needed to do the job is not there. I truly believe that our profession is a calling that goes for all public servants in the material like. So my question to you is, how do you still aggression or passion? How do you instill it? How do you turn a soft man into an alpha male? Skill can be taught. But aggression and passion is where I come up short and tend to get frustrated because some people don't love this job the way I do. So soft men will potentially be put in a position where they may have to pull me out of fire or even save someone's life and aggression will be key. Call me crazy. But I'd rather have the alpha male that gets after it on a daily basis to pull me out. Yeah, no doubt about that. You want to have the guys that's going to be aggressive and make things happen at the moment of truth. So how do you do that? How do you still that? Well, number one hard training. You know, you've got to set up training for your people that is tough, that challenges them and at first they'll be some you know complaining about it and whatever else. But eventually people start to embrace that hard training that starts to make them feel proud. And that's what you want them to do. You want to push them mentally and physically and you want to have them understand a very important premise because if you take the fact that these guys are let's call them softer, well that means they want to have like you know they want to be safe. Right? Well, you need to teach these guys that the best way to mitigate risk is to be aggressive. Right? If you want to mitigate risk, the best way to mitigate risk is to be aggressive. So example, if you think a fight's going to happen, what's the best way to you know control that situation? It's to be aggressive to aggressively attack the enemy. If you're in a gun fighting situation and someone's attacking you, what's the best thing to do? It's flank them and attack them. You want to be aggressive in a firefight. If you're fighting a fire, you want to fight the fire. You don't want to let the fire burn and get out of control. You want to aggressively get the fire under control. So aggression is the best way to mitigate risk. So get these guys in that mentality of where they recognize that the aggression is an important facet of what they're doing and you want to put them in training scenarios where the aggression wins and Pacificity loses. You want to put them in situation where, oh, guess what? You sat back and waited and now we got the whole building on fire or you sat back and waited and now the people that we could rescue three minutes ago are going to die because you hesitated at the moment of truth. So you got to teach them that aggressiveness over and over and over again. And I think that's that's what you got to do. I know that I want to once you'll officer that I was working with, we were going through land warfare training and land warfare training is you got machine guns firing, you got rockets going off, you got smoke grenades, it's man. And if you're going to, you have to grab control of the situation. So you're doing it what we call immediate action drills and everyone's shooting live fire and maneuvering and you've got to grab control of the situation and you've got to make things happen aggressively through force of will. And so this once you'll officer, you're going to have to all this great guy, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he was not making it happen. He wasn't being aggressive enough. And I said to him, I said, hey man, you got to be more aggressive, you got to get, you got to get fired up with your guys. And he said, he literally said to me, I remember like it was yesterday, he goes, I don't know if I can get any more fired up. And I said, okay, hang with me. And just just follow me. And I took command of his squad of eight guys. And I said, just follow me. So we went, we got in a contact drill and the shooting started and boom, I showed him what aggressive look like. Hey, you two set up on this corner right there. You get up there, start laying down fire, you over here, start getting ahead count as you yelling, placing guys, making it happen through force of will. It's being aggressive. And it was that was all took. Like he just didn't understand the difference. He didn't understand what aggression looked like and he didn't understand how it impacted the situation. When you're not being aggressive out on the battlefield, you have no control. Things will just, things will just happen and you will have no control of them. So, and guess what? It's the same thing in life. If you're not aggressively pursuing your goals. Again, that doesn't mean you're aggressively confronting people at every turn. No, it means you're aggressively pursuing your goals. Yeah. Through any means necessary. Again, people get confused and think that I'm in someone's face. Hey, we're doing this my way. No, no, no, you're aggressively pursuing your goals. You're not aggressively pursuing people. You're not aggressively pursuing personalities. You're not aggressively confronting people. You're confronting the challenge. Not the people. Do you have to confront people? Sometimes, yes, of course you do. Which you're aggressively confronting and attacking the challenge. The mission. Not the people. But anyways, this guy didn't quite understand. So I had to show him. I had to let him see what that looked like. What it looked like to say, you know, hey, take it out right here. Grab a guy and say, stop a corner right here. Start moving guys and have them see that. And guess what? Then you get the other people in the squad start seeing it and they start acting aggressively to make things happen. And that's when you do it. That's what you do. And obviously what that means is you as a leader, you have to lead. You have to show these guys the way how important aggression is and how to do it. Yeah. And kind of in life, I think you can because again, it's one of those things that sounds pretty simple. It's either be aggressive or you're not being aggressive kind of thing, but it's so hard because like for example, if you're in life, a lot of people they sit back and wait for things to kind of happen like, oh, I'm waiting. You know, you hear people say it and it just hasn't happened for me yet and I'm waiting for my big brain kind of thing. No wrong attitude. Yeah, exactly. But when you're in that situation, it kind of seems like that's how the world works. So it doesn't, and a lot of it, you know, it's maybe how people are raised. I don't know where if you don't know what that is that if you don't have access to that feeling of being an aggressive person, it's hard to get there. Until like how you say it's someone shows you like in the exact situation that you're in and in your cases that one specific of training situation, you show them how. So it probably clicked right away, but in life, there's all these situations. So just to be an aggressive person might be kind of hard for someone to access unless they have like a mentor or someone who demonstrated it. It definitely is. It definitely is hard in life. It's hard to show people all the different situations. And because then you are also kind of up with people that are overly aggressive, right? Or aggressive on the wrong way. The aggressive in the wrong direction. You know, I said this something that some of the other day, they were talking about being that they're talking about like, I'm super passionate about this. And I said, don't aim your passion at the people because people find that offensive. You got to aim your passion at the mission and let. I mean, there'll be some collateral encouragement when people see someone that's fired up. When people see someone that's passionate, it makes people excited about the mission as well. But if I hit you with my passion, if I aim my passion at you, all of a sudden you're intimidated by it, you're turned off by it, you're defamed defensive by it. So that's what you have to be careful. If you want to aim your passion, aim your aggression at the mission, not at the people. What you want to do with people, you want to influence them. You want to steer them. You want to pull them along. You want to make them give them the idea. So they think that they're moving in that direction on their own. You actually want them to be. Never mind. Think you want them to move in that direction on their own. That's leadership. And so that's what you got to do with this aggressive thing. It's definitely a really good question. I would also say, what, what music are they listening to? What, what, what TV shows are they watching? What movies are they watching? Are they watching? You have to see you straight up. Are they watching people fight? Are you doing any training? Are you hitting bags? Are you throwing some mojtai kicks? Are you grappling? You know, do those things raise aggression levels? Are they working out hard? You know, they're like no kidding. Squatting heavy weights increases your testosterone period. It really does. So get on the squat rack and start getting that testosterone flow through your system. Yeah. Let's go to the next question. Be aggressive on that one. Just be aggressive and lead aggressively. Yeah, funny how you mentioned UFC because you can kind of in that regard, you can learn a little bit because you can hear like you always hear the coach or whatever yelling saying be first. Be first. Be first. Be first. Don't do stuff like that. Yeah. You definitely don't hear him say, hey, sit back and wait to get attacked. Yeah, exactly. You don't hear him say, okay, be defensive. Yeah, or be past. Yeah, exactly. Does it happen? Next question. Some jiu jitsu talk. What type of style do you play? Aggressive, passive, reactive, or smash and pass? etc. Well, I mean, I've trained with you. You probably, you know, have an assessment, your assessment of my game, which will be a limited assessment, by the way, because the game that I show you is the is the is built to contend with what you bring to the table. Yeah. If you brought it something else, you'd see something else. Yeah, and I have a little bit beyond that, because I witnessed you in the all the time, more so before the notice, but yeah, I would say my assessment. Yeah, okay, yeah, so you watch me with other people, and you can see. So you do see that I trained different ways with other people. Yeah, and really that's really the core of the evaluation, is that when you roll with people, it's like you're real, um, it's like variable style, you know, it changes. So, and it depends your mood to, like if you're just messing around with me or whatever, you're like, you know, this is kind of weird, but you do this thing that no one really does, and you look like you look me in the eye, like while you're rolling, it's weird, because I know you're just messing with me, like, like, everything I do, you're like, oh, who knows cute kind of kind of an attitude, and then, you know, if I talk too much, you know, whatever, then you'll, yeah, it's smashing past. So in regards to these these choices, all, all of the above, right? So, so passive when you're kind of taunting and maybe even learning, or not, you're taunting a style of jujitsu. Yes, it is, it's your style. And so you'll be passive kind of waiting for me to do something, and then if it doesn't work, then you taunt some more, and then, so that's passive, and then reactive is obviously, you know, and reacting to anything that I try to do. Aggressive is when either time runs, is running short, or I talk too much, and smashing past is the result of that aggressive stuff. In really, in replace of smashing past, oh, I mean, I think the alternate for me is, is a little something that we like to call the disrespect, right? The disrespect? Yeah, which is when you just completely disrespect the person's guard and just pass and smash them. Yeah, yeah, the disrespect for us. Yeah, and I think the key point for this for me is that, I agree with you. Like I have a decent guard. I have a good top position, pretty good at card passing, or whatever. I'm not, I'm not graded jujitsu, but I'm decent at some areas, and I'm pretty, one thing I am is I'm pretty comfortable. Like in just about any situation, there's no situation where I'm, there's no situation where I'm freaked out. Like I don't mind being in half-garden online, being on half-garden top bottom, I don't mind being guard closed open, whatever, I don't mind being mounted. I can pretty much handle any situation. You know, and again, when you're training with Dean, you get, you get very comfortable with people because you have a guy that's just a savage, and, but what's interesting about this is for me, and I talked about this, I mean, I talked about this, there's a dichotomy here, right? Like if being aggressive is not working, then you have to try that other game. You know, I always say if you're, if you're trying to pass someone's guard really close and you can't do it back away because there's an opening there, and it's the same again, it's the same thing with wife, right? If you're beating your head against a wall, try a different route. When there's one door that's closed or heavily defended, in combat, go find another door, go breach a window, go find another way, there's an opening somewhere else. And I think that's what my game is. I think that's what my game is. It's like you said variable, based on a variety of influences both in my world and in my opponents world. Yeah, and surprisingly, and I think that people, a lot of people, wouldn't really assume this right away, is that you're, um, yeah, sure, you're gonna smash and you're aggressive and kind of rough a lot of times, but you're like, um, like a playful, you get to guy. Oh, I was gonna say this, and this is, I think this is important. I had a guy ask me, how hard do you go? And the answer is very easy. I go just hard enough that I'm staying ahead of the other person. Now with you, if those of you that are listening on audio, that was making a face because there are times when I have to step up my game a little bit and put the wood. Sometimes we're straight up, that's not true. Yeah, okay. Okay, yeah, but there might be some, oh, you know why? That's because you come in with, sometimes you come in with a, you know, with an attitude of, yeah, I can see it in your eyes. You're like, today's the day. Mm-hmm. And you come in there and you got the this series look on your face now. Okay, cool. It's going to be like that right on. Mm-hmm. And so you know, yeah, I have to bring the needle a little bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah, full. Yeah. But that same, and this is the part where I think it's kind of kind of interesting is that you do, it doesn't seem like a war. Like it seems like a war, but all within the confines of some silly, getting that silly, but some game. Yeah. But, but it's obvious though. You know, like, I think that someone who may be never seen your role or never had that experience with you specifically, they would assume that you're this like, heavy, mindy, that's going to show. I'm going to smash in that, and that I'm taking this really serious. Yeah. No, I know. Because some guys are like that. Yeah, that's true. It's not that I don't take Jiu-Jitsu seriously, but Jiu-Jitsu is a fun to me. Right. It's so fun to me. Yeah. And I think that the better you get the more fun it gets and unless you have to be like that, you know. And I don't mind when people come at me like that, because I still get to do the same thing. You know, I still get to have fun. Yeah. And yeah, no, Jiu-Jitsu should be fun. Yeah. Really should be fun. The funner is for you, the wrong. You're going to do it for. Now, part of the fun can be submitting people and you get people that that's the only fun that they have in Jiu-Jitsu is when they submit people. And that's not what I'm talking about. Yeah. I think that's kind of the transitions and the flowing and the utilization of moves and the cool things that happen. And you know, sometimes I'll be wrong with whoever. And it's like someone just like someone will do something really cool when you start laughing. Right. And that was awesome. That's Jiu-Jitsu. That's right. Jiu-Jitsu should be fun. It shouldn't be this. It shouldn't be the fun shouldn't come from just submitting people. Right. That's just bullying, right? Yeah. And way. And you know, you shouldn't get, you should at a certain point, you're going to, okay, go like and tap people out. But let's let's do this for the reason of the dysport itself, the the game itself, which is a fun game. Yeah, I think guys who told me straight up that when they're driving up to the gym, they have anxiety. Yeah. But anxiety like, oh, how am I going to do? Or if they get tapped out, it ruins their day or their week or whatever. Yeah. But man. I have none of that. Yeah. I'm rolling the jump. Jim just in totally, you know, totally happy to be able to be getting there and get and get to do something that's so fun. Yeah. Yeah. I rolled with Chris Martin today for it. And it was all, you can make jokes. You can talk trash and you can do all this stuff while you're rolling. And doing that in this playful, I mean, don't be a dick, you know, but you know, just like, yeah, you can push being a dick. Sometimes. It makes it more fun for sure. Like you can, you know, you can call him moving and do it on the guy if you're better than him or whatever. And it makes it fun though, you know. And me and Chris, we're doing that the whole time. Oh, what is this? Oh, how does that feel kind of thing? Yeah. And of course, that's taken to extreme because I know Chris for long. Yeah, we're just but talking to just a little bit of that makes it more fun. Just like if you're playing a video game, just like if you're playing any other game, just talk some friend. You know, it's it's part of the fun. Yeah. And like I said, my original point is I think people wouldn't assume that about you given how you may come off sometimes. But you're really like that. No, I do, do, do you fund me? No doubt. Unsporched for sure. But even up, do you do in a way like when you're surfing in California, there's a, there's a much harder vibe surfing in California than there is in the mats for sure. You know, when, you know, when we're surfing where I surf, like it's, it's a gang mentality type situation, you know. And so on the mats, it's just so fun to be in a situation. But and surfing, you know, leads to fighting often. Oh, yeah. And so, but in Gitu, the fighting is already happening. Right. Right. So, so it's, you know, you can, you kind of over it. And now, now we're just, we're already fighting. So now we can just chill. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's crazy else surfing's like that, right? So this would be this kind of thing. No, it's not. No, it's not. Yeah. No, it's impossible. It's not. It's an aggressive, it's a very aggressive environment. It's like a territorial thing. It's a very territorial thing. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of cool. I like it. You like that. Next question. I understand and agree with all your thoughts in principles. However, however, interpret your concepts for leaders leading men, or mostly driven, or other leaders who have a desire to make themselves better and maintaining the status. Yep. So common misperception, right, is that, you know, the military and the seals. I say this all time. Everyone thinks that the military and the seals, I think that we're leading Terminator robots. Right. And everyone is just driven and they're going to get up and they're going to do everything. And it's, I just talked about this on the last podcast. It is a bell curve. It is a bell curve and there's a great bunch of guys at the top of the bell curve that are go getters. There's a solid bunch of guys in the middle. There's a load of guys that are bumps. And so this interpretation that the concepts that I talk about are just for leading these front running A personalities that just make everything happen. Not correct. You know, there are seals that don't want to work. There are seals that want to take shortcuts. There are seals that want to escape. By then you get outside. Then you work with Iraqi soldiers that are unmotivated, untrained, poorly equipped. We got to work with these guys. We got bosses. I mean, I got bosses in the seal teams that are either an e-go maniac or that are ultra riskers. You can have any of this stuff going on. You can have your guys that are riskers. You can have guys that are too crazy. You got all, you know what they are? They're humans. They're individuals. They're human beings. And because they're human beings, even in special operations. And sometimes especially in special operations. Because when you get in special operations, you guys that have huge egos and attitudes. And so, oh, you think that they just want to do whatever you tell them to do. No, they got their own idea. They got their own method. They got their own plan. They got their own what they think they're a tactical genius. So you got to get around that. So what does it mean? It means you have to lead them. And it's the common theme that I'm talking about all the time. And it was, I mean, you got to build relationships. You got to build the trust. You got to make sure they understand why they're doing what they're doing. You got to make sure they understand the strategic impact. You got to empower them. You got to set a good example. You got to listen to them. You got to take input. You got to give them response. And when I say response, I mean, real responsibility. You got to build them up. You got to make them better. You got to show them and let them see not in a, not in a in your face way. But you got to subtly let them see what self improvement means them and how they can better the position and what drive will get them. You got to give them ownership stuff. And you got to let that ownership grow into extreme ownership where they really want to own things. You got to teach them to lead. And you got to put them in leadership positions. And you got to show your trust by actually following them sometimes. And again, people ask me these questions. You know, how a new leader. How do I lead? I got a new person. How do I lead them? It's the same answers. It's the same answers all the time that principles of leadership. Now the nuances are there. Yes, the nuances are there. And I have to nuance for echo that I got a nuance for this guy over here. And I got a nuance for this group over here. The nuances are there. But the basic principles are the same. Am I never, I'm going to, who am I going to be in charge of that? I'm not going to try and build a relationship of trust with them. Who's that? The answer is nobody. You know, who is it that I don't want to set a good example for? The answer is nobody. Who is it that I'm not going to listen to? If you don't listen to people you alienate them, you don't want to be part of the team. I mean, it's, it's things are universal. And again, there's nuances because you might have to make adaptations. And you know, when we, when we did battle leadership with, with, with, uh, eight off von Schell, and he talks about distinctly these three different types of commanders and how the, the boss gave them each their own little adjusted order because he was dealing with their personalities. So yes, you got to deal with the personalities, but that doesn't mean you're doing something different from the principles. So, when you get sure, when you get to the bottom of the bell curve, you might see some people that might need to be replaced. They might need to be removed, but I'll tell you what, most likely, they just need to be led. The reason that, or I think one of the reasons why the, the perception is that all your guys are robots and, you know, I'm going to give you an order. They follow it. No question that is like movies, right? Like a few good men, member of the Jack Nicholson, he's like, people follow orders or people die. Yeah, that's his thing. And they say that kind of stuff. Yeah, and, but they do, they do capture it and somehow we would move these where they show how mute knees take place and now things go wrong and how, you know, the new Lieutenant Vietnam is going to get fragged by his own people. That stuff's real. Yeah, you know, that stuff's real. So, it's just, it's a misperception. The other misperception is because of boot camp, a lot of military movies are, they show a significant amount of time in boot camp, but boot camp is a matter of weeks, you know, career. You know, I think Marine Corps boot camp is 13 weeks. I think Army boot camp is 10 weeks. Boot camp is a very short period of time and you're four year, six year, eight year, 10 year, 20 year career. Boot camp is, you know, I talked about the indoctrination all times in the military. They have very short periods of time compared to your whole career. And in boot camp, when your drone structure says drop down and do pushups, you drop down your pushups and boot camp, when your drone structure says pick up that, you know, make your bed, you make your bed when they's, and if you don't, they yell at you and they yell at you until you do make your bed. So, people get that idea that that's the way the military is run. Yeah, yeah, and that is, you know, a great example is full metal jacket, the movie, which is a great movie, but the boot camp scene is half the movie, but in reality, even if you were a guy in Vietnam, you know, boot camp is 13 weeks and then you went on to interview it in on for a year. So, it's a fraction of what your real career is like and so people get that impression that you're just going to be able to bar recorders never is going to listen you, it just doesn't work that way. And there's actually there's a great, there's a great video, it's called Charlie Company in V, anyways, I forget the name of the video, but it's about a company in Vietnam, Charlie Company, and maybe if you remind me, I'll put it on the website. It shows two company commanders, but anyways, to make a long story short, these guys, they don't like their new company commander. And at first, the resistant to him, and he says, listen, these guys, you've got to learn that there's going to have to do what I tell him. And then it fasts forwards a couple months. And they interview him again and he goes, you know, how's everything going? He goes, you know, they get it now and they realize that they just have to listen to me and do what I told him. And then they go out in the field with the guys. And the guys in the field, they're supposed to be doing things, they're just not doing them. They're just literally calm back like, yeah, we did, yeah, we did a patrol. They didn't do it. Yeah, we moved positions, they didn't move positions. Yeah, we're going to do another, you know, another football patrol tonight. They're not doing it. So, he was under the impression that everyone had like buckled to his will. Right. Right. They were just completely snowing him and he had no idea. So that's what happens in the military. If you don't lead to your people and you just order them around and you think that everyone's just this, this, this, how they described it here, then who are mostly driven or leaders who haven't desired to make themselves better. I mean, if anybody in a position with the guys like that, it's going to, the leadership job is going to be very easy. You just tell them what to do and they do it. Right. I mean, I could give you an example upon example upon example of stuff in the SEAL teams where what I had to do to get people convinced that this was the right thing to do. You know, I mean, it is like, you know, a classic example is telling guys, okay, we're going to take Iraqi soldiers on every operation. You know, so these guys were saying, are you kidding me? Well, they didn't even go, hey, cool, Joko, we'll do exactly what you tell us. Right. No, they were, what are you talking about? I'm not taking these guys out. Why would we do that? It's going to be risky. These guys aren't trustworthy. They're not trained. They're a million reasons why not to do that. But how do you get them to do it? You explain to them why you explain to them the strategic importance. You have built trust with them. You tell them that they're going to take ownership of their Iraqis. I mean, it's everything that I just said. That's what you do. That's a classic example. So, yes, once again, you have, if you're in a leadership position, you have to lead. You ever seen them movie saving private, right? Yes. Yeah, there was a part of them. And that movie that they weren't down for the orders. Remember that way, it was kind of like a little pivotal part where they were going to go take a machine gunness. And they were like, man, we don't have to do this. So they all kind of got together today. You know, seems like unnecessary risk. And he's like, he kind of tripped out a little bit and kind of forced them to do it. And they were like, all right, whatever. Kind of reluctantly than one of the guys died and stuff. But you know, that's an example. Yeah, and especially, you know, you when we were just doing talking about World War I, that one portion of the book where he says, you know what, we got to order to do this thing. I didn't feel good about it, but it was an order we were going to do it. So there's examples from the past, especially where, you know, it's definitely was more like that. And the past in World War I, obviously it was like that. Obviously it was like that. Unfortunately it was like that. Yeah. Because it caused people to continue, you know, to execute these operations that we're just going to get people killed. And you know, actually, Laefan, I were talking about that last week, pick its chart, get it, pick its charts, get his bird. They sent the troops up and they got slaughtered. And they came, you know, the survivors came back and Lee was, you know, basically in tears like, hey, I'm sorry, this happened. I, this was my fault. He took ownership of it. And I hope I'm getting the story right. But but that's the, that's the general, the general just of the story. But then that, you know, the big story was that the guys were like, hey, we'll go again if you, you know, because you're such a great leader will go again in Laef, you know, was kind of like, that's what World War, you know, that's what, that's what happened. That, that, that shows you that guys were willing. And I said, yeah, but the difference is in World War I, they sent them again. They sent them over and, you know, Lee was regretting and I'm sorry and I did something like, I got you, you know, bunch of guys killed. It's horrible in World War I and they're like, yeah, it happened, going again. Yeah. Oh, yeah, and that happens again. We're doing it again. And again, and again, and it's just to, I'll, I'll, I'll always just be horrified by that. And hopefully, um, man progresses beyond that. And again, part of that is as a person, you have to question, you have to be a rebel. You have to question what people are telling you and why they're telling it to you. If my boss doesn't tell me why I'm doing my operation, it's, and I continue to execute it. That's my fault. I need to raise my hand. It's a boss. What are we doing? Why are we doing this? I don't understand. You got to take that initiative. Because if you're just blindly following orders, I don't want somebody that's blindly following orders. I never want people that blindly following my orders. I want people that say, oh, get boss, wait. Why are we doing this? Why is this happening? Because I want people, I want think, I want leaders underneath me that know how to lead. And you know what? When you build the trust and you build the relationships, those guys will do anything for you. And my guys and my task is to do anything. I mean, I know it. They did over and over again. Did operations that were crazy and hard and dangerous and risky. Never did anyone say, oh, you know, we're not doing this. Is it okay? We understand what's the mission? All right. So you've got to build that. Well, it's against the same basic principles of leading human beings. And that's what you've got to do. But to think that you're just going to order people to do things. It's not happening. Long answer to a two a two a good question. That was actually interesting perspective. And I know it's a perspective that a lot of people have. People always think, well, you know, you led seals and they're in there. So that was easy. Yeah, but before you said, before you told me, that's kind of what I figured. Yeah. Last question. Juckle, any tips for breaking habits of laziness and procrastination? Maybe some good reads on the subject. And this is a question I wish you would answer for me like 10 years ago. So yeah, any tips? You know, this has definitely been a pretty common question when people want to know how to stop the laziness. And they want to not stop the procrastination. And you know, they have some idea in their head, you know, some kind of a vision of what they want to do. But they don't know where to start. They don't know where to start. They don't know where to start. And say, they say, hey, where do I start? And when's the best time to start? And I have a very simple answer for that. Here and now that's it. You want to improve. You want to get better. You want to get on a workout program or a clean diet. You want to start a business. You want to write a book or make a movie or build a house or a computer or put together some mobile application. Where do you start? You start right here. And when do you start? You start right now. You initiate the action aggressively. You go. Because the idea isn't going to execute itself. And the book isn't going to write itself. And the weights out in the gym. They're not going to move themselves. You have to do it. And you have to do it now. And that means you got to stop thinking about it and stop dreaming about it and stop researching every aspect of it and reading all about it and debating the pros and cons of it. Just start doing it. Take that first step and make it happen. Get after it. Get after it here and now. And I think that's all we've got for tonight. So thanks everybody for listening to this for putting those headphones in your ears and pressing play and settling in with me and sending some spending a little bit of time in my head. I know it's a little scary in there. Some thanks for the feedback that you give us and a question you ask us. And thanks for subscribing to the podcast and downloading it and writing reviews and spreading the word and thanks for buying the book and buying the audio book. Thanks for supporting the companies that support us on it. Oh and and i.T.com and Amazon.com. You got to click through. So if you're going to buy Henry the fifth tonight because you're fired up to get your Shakespeare together or you're going to buy any other books that we talked about here which are awesome. Just go to Amazon and click through from jockelpodcast.com or jocquistore. That's how you do it. And lastly and most importantly to everybody out there. Thanks for getting up early. Thanks for getting in the gym. Thanks for getting on the mat. Thanks for getting your grind on at work. Get in your head into a book getting smarter and stronger and faster and better. Thanks to everybody. Forget now after it. And so until next time this is jockel and echo out.