 This is Jocco podcast number 185. With echo Charles and me, Jocco Willick. Good evening, Yacco. Good evening. You get one shot and that's it. And in the end, you're going into the ground. Regardless of what you believe the afterlife consists of or what it doesn't consist of. As far as what you get to hold on to, once you leave here is nothing. And I implore people all the time to make it count. Because this is it. This is the finals. There are no re-do's. You can't hit the rewind button and even worse, you can't even hit the pause button. There's no way you can stop the clock from ticking. No possible way. The countdown is on. And the days are finite. You only get so many. And then it's over. So until them make them count, make all of them count. And on the podcast that I have a guest, a fellow frogman whom to the best of my knowledge is doing his best to make his days count. His name is Mitch Aguior. We just met each other. But like I said, he's a frogman. He likes to get to. He likes to get after it. So my guess is we should have some things to talk about. So Mitch, welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. Good to meet you. Yeah, good to meet you. It's 15 minutes ago. Yep. Kick you up at the airport. I think we linked up some way on social media. Correct. And you are in the AL doing some training. And so here you are. Cool. Where'd you grow up? I grew up in Virginia Beach. And then was there till about 11. Then moved to Maryland. And live with my dad was there till about 16. So wait, grew up in Virginia Beach parents in the military? Yep. My mom and dad were both in the Navy. Both in the Nav. That's right. Yeah. And my mom was an OS. My dad was a combat camera man with a dev group. OK, right on. And so then you were there until you were said you were 11? Yeah, I was in Virginia Beach till 11. They were divorced. And my dad had gotten out of the Navy and was living up in Maryland working at the Aberdeen Preving Ground. OK. And doing high speed photography there. And you know, film and tank rounds. And all kinds of cool explosives and stuff like that. And she had like a wicked cool job. He had a war at the school. A wicked cool job. And so I went up there and lived with him for a while. And then around 16 moved up to Ohio. My mom had moved up to Ohio. My stepdad was also in the Navy. And he had gotten out and they'd started a business up in Ohio. And I went and lived with her up there and finished out high school in Ohio. And then 10 to 11, 12 grade. And then joined the Navy from there. What was high school? What sports were you playing? I was playing football, basketball, the cross. And yeah. Was it? Were you good? I was a good athlete. And I was also into some sports that weren't at our school. I was on a arm wrestling team and a dodgeball team. A traveling dodgeball team. A traveling dodgeball team. It was by far my favorite. How many games would you play in dodgeball? No, in like a season. What's the season? The dodgeball season. Well, there's practice obviously. And if you take it serious like we did, we practiced like three times a week. And we would travel on the weekends for tournaments. What balls do you use? We were some leagues are different. But mainly it's those kick balls that you see. So like dead bread rubber ones? Yeah. How many people are on the team each side? There was like six or seven people per team. And then we had like a couple substitutes. You know. In case there was injuries. Yeah. Just like any other sport man. We had your first string. You know, starters. And then you. But you didn't wrestle. I did not wrestle. I didn't wrestle. I didn't wrestle. I didn't run across country. I didn't swim. I didn't do anything in high school that would be useful in my ongoing adventures. Well football basketball. I mean you're becoming an athlete. Yeah. Yeah. Just in general. I would say that competition mindset. You know. That. And just yeah. Being an athlete overall. That was always something that was just ingrained in me. You know, my both my mom and dad. They were really competitive. Like always had us in sports growing up my brother and I. And yeah. I always loved the competition side of things. And I actually like hate working out still to this day. Like I just don't really enjoy it. But if there's some sort of competition involved in it or you know, competitiveness, that's what I really like. Sure. So you get done with high school. And you. What makes you join the Navy? Honestly, I was I was just bored. I was living in Ohio. And it sucked there. There was just nothing there that I wanted. How long after you graduated high school did you join the Navy? A couple months. Did you did you go in the dive fairer program to be in the team? Or did you just want to be in just in the Navy? No. I originally. I mean, it. It wasn't planned out at all. I was I was working three different jobs. I was a. A. A roofer, which I really, really loved. I was a great job. And I worked at my my parents like they owned a Delhi slash convenience store kind of thing. I worked there and I was a lifeguard at Calhary. And I and I was a surf instructor. You said Calhary, I already know. It's an it's the world's largest indoor water park. Okay. And they have waves there. Yeah. I have a flow rider like a couple flow rider machines. Oh, the thing that she's wanted us to plastic. I was like, I'm not a type thing. Yeah, it creates an artificial wave. So I would. I was on the competition team and I would like give people lessons on how to ride that thing. So between that dodge ball. You kind of dialed in first of first of action. That's right. That's a good set up. So you recommend if someone wants to get a career special operations they focus on dodge ball. I'm wrestling and surfing. Awesome. For which I formed me, I first succeeded. I formed the first success. And so you're you're you're doing these jobs. And you're you're not having a good time with. Yeah, I was you know, not a very good. A studious. A student in high school. You know, high school is more of like a socialization. For me, like I really enjoyed going there to socialize. I enjoyed, you know, making friends. And I liked sports. And I was always I always loved working and making money. You know, like school is just kind of in the way. I'd kind of, you know, at the time I just had zero interest in any sort of classwork whatsoever. And I don't even understand how I somehow I graduated. And then, you know, I was like, yeah, I'm definitely going to do something in life. I don't know what. I'm assuming it'll be good though. You know, I just don't know what it is. And my teachers were kind of in that same mindset. They're, you know, half of them were just like, man, they're you're hopeless. Like there's you're just going to work at Burger King, whatever. And then the other half where just like, yeah, you're going to do something great. It's definitely not going to be in school. You know, who knows what it is. And I was just kind of in that, you know, glass half full. I was thinking the same thing. And I didn't know what it was honestly. Like I said, I was roofing. And I really loved roofing. But, you know, I was making minimal money. And I knew that that wasn't going to be it. So I was in the area. I knew that nothing around the area interested me. You know, there was nothing that I wanted to pursue around there. I was young. I was 18. You know, my my mom and dad were both and my stepdad were, were all in the Navy at points in their life. And, you know, had talked about the benefits of the military. My dad was always trying to get me to go in the military. And I just wasn't interested at all. And, yeah, that was never really even a consideration until quite literally, like, I was just bored. And the recruiter happened to walk in, catch me. And I was like, hey, you want to join the Navy? And I was like, sure, why not? And I was at first. I was going to do master dorms. Like I was like, you know, I've always had like a kind of respect for police. My grandfather's a police officer. My uncle's still a police officer. And that was something that I felt like, you know, was a courageous job and a helpful, useful one or whatever, you know, and I figured that I could, I've always been real protective as well. So like, I figured that job would kind of maybe be fitting for me. So he had asked me, you know, hey, yeah, you want to join the Navy? And I was like, okay, then I thought I'll go that route. And he was like, well, you look like you're a good shape. Do you want to be a seal? And I was like, there's a sneaky guy, you know? The only thing I knew about seals was from that commercial where the, where they're on the beach or it's a scene on the beach and the clouds roll over the moon. And then they had the full transparency. And so that's all I knew about Navy seals and I was like, oh, guys, what's the biggest? This was 2000 and seven. Jay, so you're watching the wars are going on all through high school. You're seeing all that stuff take place. Hmm. Well, 9-11-1-7th grade. Yeah. You were probably boots on drown or something like that. Well, I mean, I was, I was, um, yeah, I had been in for like 11 years at that point. So I joined in 90. So I was born in 80. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm a little bit older than you are, apparently. Yeah. So did you not, did you realize like, um, so this was your first kind of connection because for me, when I was growing up, like every time some kind of war event happened, I was all bummed out that I wasn't there because I was too young. And that's just the way I was always thinking about that. I was always into the military, but you were kind of like, not. I was the total opposite. Like I wanted nothing to do with the military. I wanted nothing to do with like, I'd never even thought about it. Um, my dad was just, you know, he was in and he was a combat cameraman with devgrip. So he was, you know, really involved with it. And anytime he would try and talk to me, I'm just like, I'm not interested. I'm not enjoying the fucking military. But you don't know what flip the switch. Just mega boredom. Yeah. Just, I just, you know, I was like, well, worst case scenario. I know, I don't know, I'm in for in the Navy for four years. I'll go see the world a little bit. I'll, you know, gain some life experience and worst case. I get out and I'm fucking 22. Yeah. Like, I'm not going to college. I know that, you know, high school is. I barely made it through that. And just not because I was stupid, just because I just. Man, wasn't your scene. Oh, my God. I'd rather do hell week 10 times in a row than right in essay. You know. So you get in the Navy and do you prepare at all? Like, for I had never run like further than a mile. And like, I, all my sport stuff was all sprinting. I mean, those dodgeballs are only, you know, dodgeball courts are small. Yeah, they're, they're short. So it's just, I was always a really fast sprinter. And that was kind of all I really cared about. I, I didn't even, I was also, I also, like, now looking back how stupid I was and just how dumb you are at eight. Like you think you really, like, no, when you're 18, you really, like, you're like, man, you know, you look back at when you're 10. They're like, man, I know so much. Yeah, I just compared to my seven year old self. I'm compared to my eight year old self. I didn't even know what I was doing. Now I'm a, I'm a man, you know, I know what, what life's about. But at that point, obviously, now I'm 30 looking back at that. I'm just like, man, you're so dumb. But I really was and just really in experience with life. I never, like I said, run really further than a mile. I didn't even understand, like, that people did that. I'd heard about, like, marathon's and stuff. But, you know, I remember when, you know, when I'd heard that, I had to run like a mile and a half for the PST. I was just like, what in the fuck? Like, why? And then, and then, like, I told my dad that I said, I told my dad that I signed up for the, the seal teams. And I was like, yeah, I'm going to be a seal. And he's just like, you have no idea what you just signed up for. I didn't even know I had to go to Buds. And then, so he, he, he, he, he, I was just like, yeah, I'm going to be a seal. What's wrong with that? And he, he bought me the two, three, four documentary. Mm-hmm. And we sat down and watched that. And I remember like, just watching the, the four mile time run. And I was just thinking like, is that even possible? Like, do people really do that? And I was just thinking like, Jesus Christ. Like, this is, I'm going to have to do all of this shit. Oh my God, I better start running. I better start training. So did you start running and training? Yeah, I mean, I, I, I went out and, you know, actually back up before I even saw that. The first, the first introduction I had to buzz was I, or Navy Seals in general. Once I signed the, like, a signed up, I was like, I'm going to be a Navy Seal. I better do some research. So it went out and got Navy Seals with Charlie Sheen. And I watched that. And that was my very first introduction to what Navy Seals were. And I was just like, man, looks pretty intense. Pretty cool though. And, you know, in the scene, in that movie, they say it's buds, but it's obviously not because it's like in the woods. And they're like, there's like grenades going off. And they're like, they're like, army crawling under barb wire. And he's like, this is buds, you know, like, it's just like this crazy scene or whatever. And I was just thinking like, damn, I got to go through all that. All right, better. So I went out and bought some fucking camo pants. I bought some boots, like just leather boots. And I went for a run down my street. And I remember it was like a mile. All right, I did, I was like, I have to run a mile and half. So I'm going to see how this goes. And I went and got those pants and got suited up. Fuck you. And I was just thinking, like, oh, man, this is going to be hard. But then then my dad got the two, three, four documentary. And then that was just like, oh, okay, I really just have no fucking idea what I just signed up for. And I was just thinking like, damn, that looks really hard. But I already told everyone that I was going to do this. And I was just kind of that, you know, that's one good thing about being a teen. And you're just young and dumb and stubborn. And luckily I used the, the good of that to get through, I guess. So you get, I was going to say, you know, my, my, my, my, my, my, Dive motivator was Mike Noss, you know, yes, I know who it is. I don't know personally about, well, he's, he's a old, Vietnam frogman, a plank owner at, at, at, a damn neck and he came in and he's a tall guy and he walks with like a kind of a big limp because he had like a hip replacement. He still swims like a fish. And he actually taught me how to do the side stroke the day before my PST. So it was like pretty steep learning curve. Yeah, that's, that is I always tell people not to make decisions when they're super emotional. And so I'm going to start adding, don't make decisions when you're super just bored. Yeah, you might end up at Buds. So you show up there, you show up to Buds. And you must, you know, obviously you made it through. Was already, what was it was tough for you and Buds? Running running was definitely, I mean, obviously that's like what you do the most of. And, um, man, it was just, I went from no running ever to running my ass off just everywhere. And, uh, and those time runs man, I was just fucking having a lot of conversations with Jesus. And those runs and just, you know, given it everything I fucking had just to make the cut off on those runs. And then, and then I, eventually I became like a pretty good runner just from doing it. And, um, but yeah, I was, I was for sure captain of the Goon Squad. And, uh, but luckily all those fucking dodgeball sprints were paying off in the Goon Squad. So it was, it was nice, uh, in the Goon Squad I felt comfortable. Did you get rolled for anything? Yes, I got rolled, um, uh, for some, I had real bad chance blunts from from the, the lack of running. Previous and, uh, but other, you know, got rolled, dealt with that. And, like I said, I picked up, like, from running so much. I just got good at it. And I was, like, young, so adapted well, I guess. Yeah, it's, it pays to be young in Buds. In my opinion. Yeah, oh. So I'm a physical perspective physically, yeah, for sure, with, like, dealing with, uh, overuse injuries. I mean, because you're definitely gonna, just, they're obviously just gonna fucking rem your ass. And then you have to get up and go. Yeah, I was talking to, uh, one of the medical guys there who came from, like, a sports environment, like the, I think the NFL. I think it was the NFL. And do you remember the, uh, I think it's Petella Femoral Syndrome? Did you ever know anyone that got that there? Anyways, there's a bunch of people that get this, this, this Petella Femoral Syndrome. You know, they're, and he said, yeah, at Buds, I would see 10 cases a week of Petella Femoral Syndrome. It's where your Petella, like, rub's against your, your, your, femur or something. And he said, in the NFL, you'd see, like, one of these, every year, maybe one a year. And so these guys that would come to Buds for, from a physical, what was athletic trainer perspective, would learn so much because they're just getting these, Matt, these bodies are just going through abuse, like, no other bodies. And so they see all those, all these common injuries that you get to knees, your, your shoulders, your back, like, that's what you go to Buds as an athletic trainer. You learn, and as a doctor, you learn so much about how to deal with these things because you see 10 times more than you would, or more than you would anywhere else. Yeah, I believe it. But I've also talked to people who say, like, I was young, so you go in two Buds. How old were you? And so you get the, you get the, you get the mind of, hey, I just do whatever they tell me to do, you know? But there's some people that say, I have told me they didn't think they were mature enough at 18 or 19 to go through Buds. Um, I, for sure, was not, I don't want to say, I wasn't mature enough to go through because obviously I did, and I made it through. However, you say, like, what, or ask, like, what my biggest struggle at Buds was, was definitely my maturity. I mean, physically, like, physically it was running, like, just, I was never a long distance run, or obviously, um, sprinting. I was fast as fuck, sprinting, and I was really strong on the log and like the boats. The boats on heads was extremely surprising to me. I, like, I remember seeing it in the videos and thinking, like, okay, that's kind of weird, like, why are they running around boats on their heads? Like, and then, uh, I didn't think it was going to be painful because they're, like, inflatable to rubber boats or whatever, and then when they put that thing on your head, I was just like, Jesus Christ. This thing is smashing my fucking neck. Did the instructors jump around in the boats when you went through, because you stopped doing it at some point? They would, uh, like, some of the little guys would, like, jump and hang on the handles and, and shit like that when, when you're riding, but yeah, you definitely knew when they were on the boats, because they got a lot heavier, but... What they would do when I went through and they stopped doing this, which is a good thing. They would, they would be, like, the boats would be lined up, and we'd have them in head carry, and the instructors would be in, like, boat one and ride. And then they would just jump into boat two and then jump in boat three. And I remember hearing when they would did that to me, a couple of the times that they did it to me. I heard like this deep kind of......inside my neck. And I remember thinking, this is probably not good. And they stopped doing it thankfully, because that's not healthy. So you actually used to be like six, too. I don't know if I got shorter, but I definitely took some, took some damage. Took some damage for sure. Yeah, that was, that, the boats on heads was probably the most surprising thing to me of how, like I just wasn't expecting it to be that bad. And, but like the log PT, you know, I was all, I actually really enjoyed the log PT. I think probably because from roofing, you know, I was always carrying those 80 pound bundles of shingles up the ladder, and then like, I was the young guy on the crew, so I was the shingle bit for a few years. And, you know, everyone, everyone on my crew is in their 40s. So they, you know, I was the 15 year old when I came on the crew, and just a young, strong kid, they took full advantage of it, and just wherever they needed shingles on the roof, that's where I hauled them up. And so I was used to carrying, you know, that heavy load and stuff, I, like I said, I felt really good on that stuff. And mentally I was like, I just was super competitive. And that's what really got me through Buds, was just that sheer competitiveness. Where did the maturity level? Where could that have tripped you up? Were you like doing dumb stuff on the weekends where you... No, not really. Because I mean, I wasn't even old enough to go drink or anything like that. So it was more just kind of not understanding, well, one, like I was different. I was different than most people there, because like you said, you wanted to be in the military your whole life. And like you wanted to be a seal on Masumi. Did you? Yeah, I mean, as soon as I kind of figured out what the seal themes were. Yeah. Yeah. So like that, and just how you are, you're very disciplined, you're very, you know, you're very militant, I would say. And I would have concur. Yeah. I was like more of like a wild, like free spirit kind of, you know, kid growing up. And I was not militant at all. And so, and I also like, getting through bootcamp was difficult for me because of that as well. You know, just like, I'm like, why, why? My question was like, why do we have to... Make our... Make our... We're literally spent all day undoing our bed and remaking it. I was like, I... What the fuck? This is the point of this. Like, it's such a waste of time. And, you know, obviously it's all for a reason and design, but I just... I couldn't wrap my head around it. So that just lack of military bearing and lack of maturity and understanding, like why things are the way they are and, you know, the whole military structure of just... You just do it and, you know, questions, stuff like that. You know, that was probably... My biggest hang up, you know, just... I was different than everyone I was young. I was... I don't know. I... I didn't want to be a seal my whole life. You know, some of these people, like, this is like their dream and they've been training for it for whatever. And I'm just kind of here showing up and guys are quitting and... And I'm not. And, you know, and, you know, and, like, physically I was doing, like, a lot better than something that I've been doing. And, you know, and, like, physically I was doing, like, a lot better than some guys who, like I said, it was kind of just like, wow, I'm just here whatever doing this. And other guys that's like, this is everything to me. And, you know, so... It's like, I... Jack, so you get done with Buds and you show up in where do you go? Team 10? Team 10, yep. Right on. And then, well, how was that? Checking into Team 10. It was... it was cool, but by that point, you know, I'd kind of, like, uh... Obviously, I was like, alright, I'm a seal now and... and I had been in the... in the pipeline for a while and kind of getting in the flow of things and the military and stuff like that. But, uh... Jack, go... I was super excited to check in to Team 10. Um, and I... Originally, I was going to go to Team 5. And then, I... I told my family, you know, that I got orders to 5. And they were all kind of bummed out because they... They won it. They're all in the East Coast. And, um... they were like, oh man, you know, we were hoping you'd come to the East Coast. And I was like, uh... okay, I'll go to the East Coast. And I thought it was, like, kind of cool too, because... It felt like a... like a new... like a new chapter because, like, you know, the... the... Seal Team 1, 3 and 5, or 7 or right by the Buds compound. So it was, like, you know, I'd been there and been in the scene for the last two years or whatever it was. And it was... it was cool. It felt cool to, like, go across the country and, like, check into a team. And, you know, I just felt like, like, this is it. This is real deal. So it was super cool. I felt... felt good. Um... my trip was awesome. And... and... What was your job in your first poll, too? I was a heavy gunner for sure. A-dum. A knuckle dragger. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's a classic new guy. Strong new guy. Guess what? Yeah. From the pig. Your big, strong new guy? Got something for you. And I loved it. Yeah. I am... I am braced at, I didn't think it was like a bad thing, you know. And what year is this now? 2009. Okay. So you went straight to the... to the Mark 48. No end of 60 for you. Mm-hmm. That's... that's... that's nice. Yeah. We shot 60s and stuff, but no... What, like, a fam shoot with 60s or something? Yeah. And there were 60s on, like, homies and stuff like that, going through, uh, vehicle stuff. So there were still a little bit of transition taking place. Mm-hmm. So you're a pig gunner, your first poll tune. How was your first work-up? It was awesome. It was definitely a good time. Got what surprised you about, like, going through work-up, being in a seal-potir. What was different than what you thought it was. What was different from how it was for Charlie Sheen? Mm-hmm. You know? It was... it was a lot like the movie. I'm just kidding. It was... it was great, man. I thought it was a lot of fun. We got to travel... Travel the country. That was a cool thing too about the East Coast. Um, the training sites were kind of all over all over, versus the West Coast. It was kind of like the same song and dance, like, Nyland and... and, uh... Let's see other one. Yeah. You know, in the training, the training's like all the same sites. And, uh, so, going to the East Coast, I got to see a bunch of new places. And that was cool to me, just kind of seeing the world. Um, and the... the brotherhood of, like, being in the troops and... and stuff, and you're rolling around as a team. I thought that that was really cool. Um... Was there anything that was more challenging? Like, you know, some new guys they have a hard time in their first platoon, whatever, with land warfare, they have a hard time with CQC, they'll have a hard time with... you know, whatever. Sometimes it's like not easy. Sometimes, you know, you get a guy that can't dive very well. Or whatever. Was there anything that was any skill set that was hard for you? Or did you pretty much... Which is... I would say, most guys coming out of buds and SQT, like most of them are fine. Like most of them get... They pick things up pretty quick. You know, they made it through all that crap. They made it through SQT where you're getting screened, right? Again, some of the most that I'm but still you'd still get guys showing up a platoon that, you know, they wouldn't be comfortable with this, or they wouldn't be graded at that. Was there anything that was tough for you? Uh, I would say, like everything was tough. I... I wasn't a master at anything other than my pig, you know. And... So everything was... Was somewhat challenging for me, but I also didn't really struggle with anything too much other than like my maturity. Like that, you know, I was... I checked into a seal team before I could even go into a bar. You know, and... I didn't go to college or anything like that. So... I was... I was a 20 year old in a seal team. Yeah. You know. Um... So... Yes, I had been through a lot as far as like buds and SQT and, you know, that kind of forces you to grow up to an extent. But seals like to party too. And... And I kind of... That was probably my biggest challenge, was just my maturity and just kind of... learning when to... to lock on and... And, you know, when it was time to like... chill out. Did you ever get caught? Did you ever get in trouble? Did you ever get arrested? I did. I did get arrested and... Not in my new guy, Platoon. I got arrested in my... And when I was in my second Platoon. I got into a bar fight. Um... These guys... It was actually three... Three dudes had just started... mouth and mouth to one of my... Platoon members. wife. It was him and I and my girlfriend at the time. And his girlfriend at the time. Now we're wife and... We're coming out of the bar and they just... I had had a couple of drinks and they had come over and said some disrespectful shit to them. And... You know, I... I just... Was feeling froggy a little bit. And... Didn't let it slide. And... And it up... Wip in their ass and beat up three people outside of a bar and got arrested. Mm-hmm. But your first position you... You managed to keep your nose clean. Yeah. As far as the actual log out... The actual law enforcement goes. Yeah. I know. And then where was that? So you did your work up. Where did you guys go on deployment to? Your first deployment? Afghanistan. And when you were going to Afghanistan... Where you going... Did you go as a whole troop to Afghanistan? Uh... Yep. Yeah. All three of our... Platoon's went. Yeah. It was... It was kind of an interesting... thing because it was in 2011 and I don't know if you said you got out in 2010. I did, yeah. Well, yeah, I'm sure you heard about the, they wanted us to somehow get on the army schedule and so it was us and team 7 and we ended up basically doing two deployments back to back and got synced up with the army or something like that. I don't know all the, you know, mumbo jumbo that actually took place but or why we did it but they told us kind of right before it was like two months before we left. They were like, hey, just kidding you guys are going to go to Afghanistan and we're going to need you to stay there for basically a year. We went there and it was an interesting deployment for sure because my platoon, we were the furthest outpost from any major base in Afghanistan and you know, we're basically rough in it the whole time we were out there. Did you guys take over an outpost somewhere or did you guys establish one? We took one over that had just been established like literally a couple months ago. You know, so there was, there was nothing there. We were sleeping in tents still, no running water, no, nothing like that. And then I think around month 7 or 8 of our deployment, we packed up and went 15 miles north and set up a new site. So it was literally just fucking rough in it the whole time, you know, air drop in our food in and no running water the whole time. And what what type of ops were you doing? We were we were doing all kinds of stuff and I was lucky enough to kind of, we got to, they shifted our guys around too. So like we got to all kind of experience different things because we all had a different kind of mission set and different, we were all all three of our platoon were in different areas of Afghanistan. So I got to kind of do a lot of everything. So were you guys going out on patrol from your, from your forward operating base? Was that yeah and pretty much daily? And you were interacting with a local populist type thing? Yep, yeah. Trying to establish relationships. Yep, we did that for a little while that was a really dumb. That you didn't because you didn't feel like you made any progress, didn't make any connections. Yeah, I mean in my opinion, I just thought it was like kind of a waste of time. And I just, I just felt like we could have been doing a lot more stuff or better stuff for their time and training and all that. And it was just like a super dangerous area to be in, you know, it was in Helman. And we basically just lived in a fucking minefield, you know. And it was just IEDs everywhere, just as a constant threat. So, you know, and we were going on these long patrols every day and all these, all these stops we were doing and hitting these villages that were just riddled with IEDs everywhere and, you know, getting contacted, you know, you're basically just stick out like a sore thumb there, you know. So, I mean, you know how it is overseas. I didn't feel real comfortable with that. Like, and it sucked, being in a minefield, like just every step, just please don't blow, please don't blow, please don't blow up, please don't blow up. Yeah, for a year. Yeah. Did you guys, did you guys hit any IEDs? Uh, yeah. Yeah, we encountered a couple IEDs and, um, so, I don't know, shitty. And the enemy, did you have a feel for who was bad and who was good when you'd go out? No, definitely not. There was, I mean, because like literally there was, there was times where, you know, we'd be in the village, fucking shaking hands with people and then, you know, on the way out, get contacted, getting a firefight, and then fucking go back and look and, oh, it's the same guys that we were just shaking hands with that, or fucking dead, you know. So it was hard to, it was really weird to like get ramped up and everything as these, like, you get in this mindset, this warrior mindset, you know, that you're going to war and you're going to this fucking land where everyone is, you know, your enemy and bubble blah and then it's like, oh, just kidding, let's try to help some of these people or whatever. And the, you know, the good and use like, okay, yeah, I want to, I want to help people and stuff like that and, and do what I can, um, to help these people out and, and if they're getting like bully, essentially by the, by the Taliban or whatever, like, that's not cool, but I just felt like it was, it was really weird to be there and go there with that mindset and then have to fucking like try to help people and then when you try to help people, they don't want your help and, you know, and they fucking shoot at you and, and shit like that. So it's like, and then you're expected to like go out and try and help these people again. And it's, I don't know, it was just like a weird, so weird dynamic. And would you go, when you said you would move positions, where you go in from like, would you like switch platoons and go to a different operating base? Yeah. And then you'd spend some time there with them and then do operations with them and then after a little while go to a different one as well. Yeah, yeah, we, we rotated our guy, all of our guys just to, so we can all get, you know, experience doing other things like working with the commandos or, you know, training the fit, training the fit or doing the VSO stuff. And yeah, it was cool. I enjoyed that just because it broke up the monotony of every day, you know, going on patrols, doing the same thing, seeing the same places or whatever and dealing with the same threats. It just, it keeps you kind of from getting complacent. I felt like, so I was especially for the 11 month or yeah. So I was definitely happy to move and do new things and work. And like, and it was cool, too, because on the base that we were at in Afghanistan, it was literally like 100 yards by 100 yards. That was, that was like, our camp. It was like being imprisoned, you know, but worse. And like, because we're getting shot at, too. And like, if you, when you go outside to go get your fucking food that they air drop in, you know, you're worried about stepping on IDs, like we found ID's literally right outside of our compound, you know. So it was constant threat always. And, uh, and like I said, like going to get our air drop, it was just a lot of work, too, because not only it was like we were sealed bees, you know, we had to like build our, we had to like build our camp and also like all the stuff that came with that, like, going and getting our, our supplies that would air drop in and, and being out there, you know, you only get ring routes and stuff, you only get air drops every once in a while. And, uh, so when, when shit would come in, it was like all hands go work on this and then also you got a prep your shit and get ready for the, the op tonight or tomorrow or whatever. And, um, and I remember just, I have a video of one of our big air drops coming in and, uh, you just see like three or four palettes just burn in and just explode. And, you know, it's like always, like all the water bottle palettes are fine, but it's that one with like the goodies, you know, it's like, oh man, you know, that's the one that burned in and it just fucking hits the ground explodes and you see like all the rippets or something, you know, something that people are looking forward to just explode and you're like, fuck. I don't know, I just accepted that. This is my life. So whatever, I wasn't, I wasn't thinking about the time too much and then, um, I just, you get into a rhythm, you know, and we got to, we got to go home for R&R, that was cool. Took a little break, but it was like, bittersweet, you know, go home for fucking two weeks and like, oh, I've just been playing in this mine field where everyone's trying to kill me for the last six months and come home for two weeks and like to normal see and you're just like, you know, literally just fly straight from there, know decompression or anything and then now you're back in normal society with your family and by the way, you're leaving in 11 days to go back. Yeah, and then don't get comfortable because we're going right back over there. So that was like kind of like, it was bittersweet and uh, got back over there, but that was cool too because it was like, all right, I'm fucking halfway through like, it's downhill now, you know, so that it kind of definitely fired me up to finish out, but then uh, towards the end and we were there for all four seasons. So we saw literally all four seasons. It was interesting. And um, by the end of it, by the end of it, uh, I remember when the ring route came to pick me up to go out, uh, I remember flying away from from the base that we were at and just thinking like, I felt kind of sad, like like almost like when you move away from somewhere and like I've moved my whole life, I moved around a lot. So I was like, damn, like this has been my home for the last year, you know, I'm kind of bummed to to to leave, but fuck this place. I can't wait to go home. Yeah, I got kind of lucky because I had been in the navy for a while when when I deployed to Iraq and especially my second deployment to Iraq, where I was in Ramaday and and like I, I, you know, sometimes people say, oh, I look back and I wish I would have appreciated it more. You know, people say that about certain parts of their life, I don't have that at all. Like I 100% appreciated every single day I was there. I was like, this is, this is the best part of my whole life is right. It's what's happening today right now. You know, so I got kind of lucky in the fact that, you know, even talking to the guys that were new guys on that deployment to a body, they, they just kind of, they were like, from then on, they be saying, damn, you know, I thought that's what every deployment was going to be like. It was, and it was, they just didn't have that same perspective of, hey, man, this is like this target rich environment where we're getting to do what everyone's dreamed of doing their whole life. And you're going to do it all the time. That doesn't happen, you know, it doesn't happen like that usually, you know, and it's hard. And so I was pretty lucky in the fact that I, I, I was, I could appreciate it. Yeah. I know, as far as the work went, like I was as far as like, like, being a seal and working there, like that, that was awesome, you know, and I was, you know, one of the biggest, like, I say concerns I had or not are even not concerned was just like a question to myself was, you know, what, what, how am I actually going to react and combat, you know, I mean, because everyone likes to think that they're ideally, you know, in a situation of shit popped off, you know, I'll be the, I'll be the guy who will, you know, hold my, have my shit together and and be that, you know, the rock or whatever, you know, I mean, and some people crumble, you know, and I saw that as a seal, like that, that was kind of my, I was always a realist, you know, was like, I've never been shot at. I've never been in a gunfight or whatever. So, I definitely, you know, I, I, I, I feel like I'm not a coward and I feel like I would step up and do, do what I got to do and perform. I feel like that, but I don't know it for sure, you know what I mean. And so that was, that was definitely when it happened and I, you know, and I did, I, I stepped up and, and felt very pleased with how that all went down and, and all the combat and everything that I had been involved with, like, that was definitely, um, rewarding to me, you know, like as a seal and, and as a man, just, and as a warrior, just like, okay, like, I felt legit, you know, I felt like fulfilled in that sense. So the work, the work was really good, but just as far as being in that environment, like, the IEDs was really like, the IEDs and the fucking like invisible enemy was kind of, um, discouraging, you know. It was like, I felt like we just had so much risk, you know, for not a whole lot of reward. And like, which is different, like I would say, or I feel like in like, Ramadi, it was like a different, just way different environment, um, but yeah. Yeah, no, that's, that's the, that's the way in surgeons are supposed to fight, right? You're not supposed to see them. They're just supposed to pick away at you the death of a thousand cuts, you know, indirect fire, IEDs and snipers, and they don't want you to ever see them, and, and that's what they want, and just to slowly pick away because they don't care about human life, they don't value human life, and here we are, you know, every time we lose someone, it's, it's a tragedy, and they don't care if they lose guys or not, they don't care. They don't care if civilians get killed, don't care about any of that. And so that's why they have, that's why they have an advantage in those situations, a psychological advantage is, hey, we, we don't care if you kill us, and by the way, we know you care about your people, and so we're going to pick away, and you're, hopefully you're never going to see us, and we don't care, we're going to blow you up, and we don't care. Yeah, that, I mean, that was pretty apparent, I mean, because a lot of the IEDs that went off were, you know, local villagers stepping on. Yeah, I'm triggered by civilians, and, and that, that just happened all the, all of the day I'm time, and, and we would, we would, you know, we would, we would aid the wounded and stuff like that, and they would like get pissed at us, and we're like, we didn't plant that shit, you know? Like, keep mad at them, not us. Yeah, that, that, that insurgency thing is, but yeah, and like, you know, it was, it was just super frustrating to me, like, it was super frustrating to me, dealing with like the politics involved with war, and, you know, I felt like we absolutely could have done things to give us more of an advantage, but it seemed like they were more concerned with politics and shit like that, you know, as more than more than like the safety of us, and I just felt like we could, you know, there's no reason why we should be going out in the daylight period, you know, we train, like, why not fight like we train, and, oh, because you guys got locked down from doing stuff at night, right? Oh, we got to do night shit, but we also did a lot of day shit, and, you know, to me, it was just, like, why the fuck are we doing this? Like, we have night vision, why are we going out there? Did you have Afghan forces with you? Sometimes. Mm-hmm. A lot of times we did. Well, uh, we, we had to work a lot in Ramadi in the daytime, um, and the main reason why we worked, well, there's a couple of big reasons why we're working the daytime in Ramadi, which as you, as you just pointed out, is a huge tactical disadvantage compared to being out at night where we can literally see in the enemy camps, I mean, it's, but in Ramadi, you know, we had to work with Iraqi soldiers who didn't have night vision. So, they didn't have flashlights. They would have like one flashlight for every four people, and we'd eventually got them flashlights and stuff, but anyways, it was, it was a problem because to go out at night with them, it was, they were blind. And so now, you're like, at a, you're at the same disadvantage, because you're trying to, you got people that can't see, mixed with people that can't see, and they're not getting anything out of it. They're not improving their skills at all. And they're just horrible. Yeah, and they were, they were not, not good, not good. And so that was one reason was to take them out in the daytime, to, to get them to operate, we had to go out with them in the daytime. And the other big one was the enemy knew that we owned the night. And so the enemy in Ramadi, they didn't come out at night, they came out in the daytime. So if you wanted to kill them, you had to go out when they were, when they were moving. And so that's when we're now, and, you know, we did both, and we did a ton of the night as well. And also, you know, we take advantage of the night to get in good positions, you know, when, and then during the daytime, they would come out to fight, and, you know, they'd get it. Yeah, we had, we had, we were working with the commandos, and they had night vision, but like I said, they were just terrible. And like, one of them almost shot me on an op, we were actually in a helicopter flying to Target. And it was one of their heavy gunners. And he, it was around midnight, and we were flying in a shenook to the target. And I was just kind of nodding off, just, you know, just trying to, you know, catch a little nap on the ride to the op, and it's pitch black, and the, and the hellow, obviously, and all of a sudden it's just, you know, like four or five rounds crack off. And the guy next, it was the guy next to me, and think God, he had his barrel down. And like, literally just shot like four or five rounds, like less than six inches from my feet. And there's just holes in the bottom of the, the bird, and shot the comms out of the hellow and everything. And at that point, I was just like, you know, I was, there's just kind of a used dish it, being shitty, and just reached over and took the rounds out of his gun and just, that was it. And just like, come over, it comes like, yeah, the fucking commandos, 80, you know, never, just like whatever. But so then we changed, like, all right, no more commandos rolling hot in the birds, you know, on the way to target target. And so we, we had changed that. So then the next one we did, we fucking got to, we got to our, our, our target bird landed, get out and do our formation. And also, and it's like a total brownout, you know, because the Afghanistan is super dusty and everything there. And the, the hellow lands where I'll get now in our formation and total brownout. And then all of a sudden, we hear fucking rounds going off. Because the, the dudes loading their pigs, like all of a sudden had to run away gun or whatever, where we don't know if we're getting contact it, like you can hear it's outgoing, but like why? Why is their outgoing fire when we're in filling? You know, are we getting contact or what's going on? And it's just these guys are fucking stupid with their weapons. And yeah, so that was always, always something fun. Always good. So you wrap up that deployment and come back to come back and roll into your next, next, but there. Yeah, come back and roll into the next button and I always wanted to. How was that? How was that coming home? Now you're, now you're home. You did the two weeks in the middle. How was the transition when you got home? It was, it was, it was rough. I was definitely dealing with some PTSD, I would say. And I was, I was definitely kind of angry. I was, I was angry. It was weird, weird emotions. Because I, I kind of was kind of pissed off at like, America, like, like, not America as a whole, but like, I felt like the politics, you know, like I said earlier, I felt like they really cared more about, or they just didn't really give a shit about our safety. I felt like, you know, it's one thing, like obviously we're doing a dangerous job. But why, why on earth are we not giving ourselves every advantage that we are capable of, you know, like the night vision and stuff like that? And a lot of times we would capture people who we knew were bad, you know, talking to our Intel guys and they're like 100% like this dude is a fucking terrorist. Like he's a bad dude. Like everyone in his phone, you know, they rip apart their shit and like every one of his contacts are bad, you know, like this guy's definitely an IED maker, you know, whatever. And so we've got these guys captured, but then we have to turn him into the Afghan government, which we also know is corrupt. And then all of a sudden these dudes are out on the streets again in a couple months time and making IEDs that, you know, me or my brothers could step on and fucking, that's a wrap. And, you know, Caleb Nelson was a seal that died on our deployment from our team. And it's just kind of, you know, life and death and war just puts things in a perspective. And it really made me angry that, you know, like Caleb couldn't come home because of an IED and like we're letting these people go. And I just felt like we weren't being utilized fully and like, like it was costing us. And so I was like really angry about that. And then also just kind of being in that environment for a long time, just different, you know, different mentality and then coming home to America and like people just don't understand how good it is here and it's like a fucking fairy tale, you know. And trying and listening to people talk and complaining about, about shit here. And I'm just like, you don't even have to, you don't even, you just walked down that sidewalk and didn't even give a fuck where you stepped. Like you're doing even care because you're not worried about anything. You're not worried if there's an IED there. Like you have running water. You took a shower today. You fucking, I had to burn my own shit, you know. So I was just like a lot of anger, you know, with that. And I was drinking a lot like, uh, and I also felt like I felt like seals where the only ones that kind of understood and got it. And then also being over there and I've gained a stand I saw, you know, can to heart, the main base and can to heart was like a fucking, it was like a little town, you know. And there's like, flag football leagues and shopping and TGI Fridays, people have birthday parties and shit like that. And you know, that's where, that's where like Tim McGrath lies in to do the concert for the troops and shit like that, you know. And it's like, uh, is this where we're staying, eating like kings, you know, and they're like, no, no, no, you're going out there. So then, you know, that's where I was and that's where, where me and my boys were, you know, living in the sock and doing some serious fucking shitty living, you know. And, and, and working a job that was dangerous as fuck every day. And then just seeing that kind of shit, like, I don't know, I just, I felt like before I had gone over overseas, I was like real, like, thank you for your service to everyone I saw, you know, and, and afterwards, I was just kind of the opposite. And, uh, it was like fuck all these motherfuckers in the end. So I was just disgruntled in whatever. And, uh, and, you know, I'd hear people talk about PTSD or this or that and I'm like, what the fuck are you? What are you afraid of? You know, you were on a main base that like, it wasn't, it's not even that thing, like you didn't experience war. But that was like just kind of immaturity at the time and, and like, like I said, me being just kind of disgruntled and, um, dealing with that and I was drinking like heavily, uh, and I was just a super aggressive person. And, um, it wasn't like a good, it wasn't good for my friends, a family, like people I cared about or whatever. And like I said, I felt like seals were kind of the only ones that understood. And then even amongst seals, I felt like only the ones who who had to live so shitty, like we did, like our platoon, you know, no running water for a year and like, like, just living in that environment was super rough. And I felt like they were the only ones who understood. But then again, it's like, I just spent a year with these assholes in a hundred by a hundred foot, you know, place, I don't want to see them. And so I just kind of felt alone a little bit, you know, and, whatever dealt with that, got, got through that, um, Doom Better Now. And I was like kind of disgruntled towards people claiming PTSD and all this kind of shit, uh, for years after that. And then actually some random, um, uh, this random chick at a dinner I was at, she was, uh, in the army or something like that. And, and she had, she was talking about PTSD. And I was just thinking like Jesus Christ, what the fuck are you? What is it, you know, and I kind of said my view points on it and she was like, well, you know, fear is relative. And, you know, like, you were, you were seriously trained and stuff for, for war and, and to be in that environment and, you know, some people weren't. And, like, fear is relative. Like this, like being in a gunfight to you, you know, and versus like just being in that country, like, could be the same amount of fear or more for that person. And I was just kind of like, you know, I never really thought about it that way. Okay, I'll change my mind. Yeah, well, war is different for everybody. And it's, I remember my first deployment to Iraq, we, we travel a lot and we went to a lot of different places. And so we go from like the incredible palaces that have been taken over that had subways and Starbucks. And then we, you know, the next day, we'd be out at some outstates and somewhere there'd be an ODA team just living in, you know, the most horrible living conditions. And then the next day you'd be with some random Marine Corps company out and some other forward-operative based and again, they're just living like in hell. And then you come back to another, another like main fob and it's all luxurious and nice. And I mean, it just, it kind of is what it is. First, you know, it just kind of is what it is. And that actually makes sense with that female set about, you know, hey, it's different people are there. They're there for different reasons. You know, like, we joined the seal teams because what we want to do is go out and go on patrol with a machine gun. That's like 100% of why you join the seal teams. So what I go here, you're hoping for this and five. You're praying for war. Yeah. And so I remember like being out there, man, I remember my very first up when I, we flew into this to this village and I remember being like super nervous, like holy shit. I'm fucking maybe see that I'm actually going on my first mission, like holy shit. And I'm just thinking, like, when we land, we landed at like 3 a.m. or something. And we, we offset like way far away. But I was thinking like, it's going to be guns blazing as soon as this helo lands. I jump out the helo and I'm just like full blown ready for war. Like, what are bringing on? Let's go. Where's been lobbing? And it was just pitch black quiet and sat there for fucking hours. And, you know, till the sun came up, nothing happened. I was like, God damn it. I saw disappointed, you know? Like, I was looking forward to like war. And then, you know, obviously we got, we got plenty. But yeah, I remember just being real antsy to, to get in a firefight and, you know, to do what I've been trained to do and put my training to the test, you know. And yeah, it's different for other people who are not experiences may vary. There's no doubt about that. So when you went to bat, when you got home and you got put into a new cartoon, did you guys keep a core group of guys from your from your previous cartoon together? Or was it like brand new? No, no, we had guys that stayed and, and some went, you know, to trade at some screen and standard turn of the day. Yeah, they standard shift. Few, a few core guys stayed together, four or five or whatever. And then you guys got a new chief, a new OIC, a new assistant to commander. Yeah, that was man, God, thank God. I am so, I so do not miss having fucking 20 bosses, you know, in the military. And then every, you know, at the drop of a hat, it can change. And then all of a sudden, it's like, nope, new flavor. We're, we're, now we're, you know, it's like, oh, Jaco's now our fucking commander. So we're all waking up at 430 and going to PT. It's like, what the fuck, when did this happen? This is bullshit. Oh, check. And as you get, you do another work up. Yep. And then, uh, I, uh, I'd always wanted to be a dog handler. Yeah, and I, I, I tried to volunteer to be a dog handler as a new guy and, and they said, no, you know, they want to, yeah, they want you to, to, here's your dog. That's name's 48. And, uh, make it bark. So, yeah, now I got to, um, to do the dog handling thing and, with super super excited about that. And, uh, it was, it was honestly such a great time. I had a badass dog and I was this first handler. And, uh, yeah, it was, it was super cool because, you know, well, one, I was, I was a one-poil-tune wonder. So I'd already kind of gotten that F-gainst and gotten some combat under my belt. And, um, you know, I was the classic worst, the worst guy in the teams is a one-poil-tune wonder. And, uh, so I was full blown. Just one cruise wonder. You knew everything. 100%. And, uh, and I got a fucking dog. So watch out. Stelling. My dog was super cool. And, um, they, like, uh, there, there were six of us that went over to work with the dogs and we all got along really well. And, uh, and that was super cool because now you're not a new guy, finally, you know, and, I mean, even on our deployment in Afghanistan, we were still fucking doing new guy shit. You're, you're a new guy. You're fucking new guy. I couldn't fucking believe it. I'm like, we literally, they made us shovel rocks one time. Like, like a whole, like, uh, dumpster or a dump truck full of rocks. And, they just, we just moved it from one pile and just tent over, like, 10, 15 feet to the right. And we just moved the pile of rocks to this make a new pile, 15 feet to the right. And it was, it was a disciplinary thing. It wasn't, you know, all the new guys. Your, your attitudes is not good. And we're just like, are you fucking serious? Like, we were just sort of firefighting with you. Like, you know, we're not like, we're expecting to like be boys now. They're like, shut up new guys. You're, you're attitude sucks. Go shovel rocks. And we're just like, God, and then, you know, we were like literally having to burn shit, you know, burn our own shit. Uh, we had, we had barrels that we had wrapped that, that cordon around and cut in half and, um, filled with diesel fuel. Those were, those were our, those were our shatters, but they needed burned. So when, uh, when the, when the new guys, you know, when, when we didn't, uh, have the best attitudes or, our attitudes weren't up to par, we, we shoveled rocks and burned shit. So I was definitely happy to not be a new guy anymore. Here. Um, but anyway, yeah. So I was a one-pointed one-year had a dog and, uh, got to go through another work up with the dog. So that was super cool and, and got to go through dog training school and, and learn about the dogs and, and, um, yeah, unfortunately, like right right before, it was, we were on like pre-depliment leave and they had told us like, hey, change plans. We're going, now we're going to U-com. So, uh, we don't need the dog anymore. Oh, and it was like, fuck man, this isn't like a piece of equipment. I mean, that's essentially how the Navy looks at them. They are, they are equipment, but, you know, obviously it's a dog and you, you, you form this like super strong bond and attachment with them, just like they're your pet. And, uh, my dog was super awesome and I'd worked with them so much. You know, it was like a robot. It was like a, uh, it was so cool. And, um, I was fucking so pissed off when they just dropped that on us and it's just like, yeah, like hand the leash over to someone else. And, yeah, so did that and, uh, then went to U-com and, and, you know, a lot of guys were fucking super pissed off that we were going to U-com and, you know, I was definitely looking forward to using my dog and, you know, doing that and Afghanistan, but, you know, that is what it is. You know, I definitely knew that there wasn't. I didn't see any value in just bitching about it. And, uh, it seemed like that was like the common thing was just, it seemed almost like if you weren't bitching about it, then you were looked at as a turd. And, like, if, you know, if you weren't bitching louder, then the guy next to you, then you're, you know, I'm, man, I'm so just point out we're not going to have to get in. Yeah, me too. I'm super disappointed. Like, yeah, well, I can't even sleep at night. Well, I don't even want to fucking go, you know, like, you know, it's just, yeah, I just realized just to shed some light on to everyone. So, when you deploy in a seal battoon or a seal troop, you can deploy different parts of the world. Sometimes you deploy to places like Iraq and Afghanistan, which is we just kind of discuss that's where everybody wants to go. Well, 95% well, you never know what the real number is. Because there's something we don't want to go. But there's, there's the attitude most guys want to go. And they want to go fight. But there's also, you have to deploy to other parts of the world where there's no work going on. You might just deploy to the Pacific or you might deploy. In this case, you come is for European commands. That's going over to Germany and doing, doing things out of Germany in different parts of Europe. And it's definitely not a high threat in five minutes. And so, yeah, and that's the way it goes sometimes. There's a mission that has to be done. And it's a different kind of mission. You're going to build relationships with other countries and you do these exercises and do training events. But it's not generally what guys are excited to do in the seal team. So there's always, there's always a, you know, I always get asked that question when I go and talk to seals is, hey, my guys are going here. How do I keep them on? How do I keep them engaged when yeah, no one wants to do it or they don't care about it. And it's like, yeah, you got to work through that. It's definitely, it's definitely a challenge because, you know, I would imagine, especially if you know, like that you're going to you come and then starting that work up. Because you still have to go through the work up and train as if, you know, your fucking life depends on it and that you're going to war and, you know, that you're the elite, you know, warrior and and you have to be ready for anything. So you like obviously our training is developed around that. But then having to keep up that motivation like it's, it's one thing when you're like fuckedy. This training sucks and it's um tired. It's hot. You know, like fucking covered in shit or whatever and I've got a hike 12 miles carrying this thing and it's like, well, we got to do it though because we're going to fucking war like this serious, you know. But then it's like, don't you come and why the fuck are we even training today? You know what I mean? But I don't know. So I didn't really have that attitude though. I was kind of excited to, you know, I had just gotten, we just done that, that year deployment to Afghanistan and it was, you know, my platoon was the one that was really, really shitty shitty living. The other two platoons were in nice bases that they were like had awesome gyms, like good food and stuff like that and, you know, so I wasn't, I wasn't too terribly upset about it. Obviously like everyone wants to go work and and kill bad guys like a champion. But, you know, when you, when you got to do it that it is what it is, you might as well fucking enjoy it. That's why I feel. Might as well make the most of it. At what point did you start GJitsu? I started, I started GJitsu actually in Buds. That was my introduction to Buds. One of our Buds instructors was, he, he was interested in GJitsu and liked it or whatever. And so as a punishment one day we had to do wet and sandy GJitsu, like introduction to GJitsu. And like a lot of guys were, we're not enjoying it because one, if you've never done GJitsu, you're 100% gonna get fucked up by anyone who has done it. And we were wet and sandy, so it was like just cold and wet and miserable and sand paper, like grinding on each other, you know. But I actually really enjoyed it. I was like holy shit, this is pretty cool. And one of the guys, there was two guys in our class that were both really high level wrestlers, like in high school. And they were probably like on a blue belt level, you know. They were probably like 135, 145 pounds. And at the time I was around 185, 190 pounds. I'd never done GJitsu ever or wrestled or anything like that. And I always punched, you know, I knew I punched hard, because I've been in a lot of fights, like street fights and shit, bar fights, but at that point, sorry, it wasn't bar fights, so it was like high school fights. Dodge ball fights. I did get in a dodge ball fight once, no bullshit. And so anyway, these, these little guys just tied me in a fucking knot. And I was just so impressed. Like, because looking at these dudes, I would be like 100% I'll fuck this guy up in a fight. And we, you know, they were like, all right, no striking, no, no punching, but we're going to grapple. I don't like, okay. And we're grappling, and they're just completely fucking me up. And I was like, thinking, oh my god, if these little 80-bitty men can tie me in a knot like this and just make me helpless, like imagine what I could do if I learned this. So I started rolling with one of my friends who was like 6 to 240 pounds at the time and just super aggressive. And he was probably around a blue belt level of knowledge, maybe not quite a blue belt. You know, but he knew definitely more than I did. And he was really aggressive too and he was like all about rolling. So we would roll nogy and he would just constantly. This was where, this was in Buds or in Buds and then SQT, Buds was the introduction to it. And I was like, whoa, I fucking love this is cool. And then I started talking to one of my classmates who is also into it and you know, he had done, he had done some training before the Navy and like I said, he was around a blue belt level. So when you got to Team 10, did you start training or media that one of the academies? No, I didn't start training at one of the academies until after Afghanistan, I came back and because one of the guys, one of my like my see that he was, he was a purple belt at the time and we would roll on occasion, you know, and he would be like, and he would tell me like, man, you have like great, you know, aggression and ability and all this shit, but you got to go to an academy and learn, you know, and I had only learned just from that guy that dude beat my ass over and over and he would literally like just just fucking get on top pressure, grind, arm triangle, you know, and he'd be like, all right, man, you know, I got on top, you know, I fucking arm triangle, I squeezed like that. Don't let me do that again. Like, all right, got it. Yeah, try harder. Try harder, you know, you, you got to do something. No, you're not doing anything, you know what I mean? So it was one of those. So I had gotten pretty good at just getting my ass kicked and dealing with a big large human or whatever. So then when I actually showed up to an academy, I'd been doing that for a couple years, you know, with him and never put on a gear or anything like that, but then afterwards, yeah, he was like, you got to join Jim. So I joined a Jim, put on the gear and then really like, that's when my jiu-jitsu, I would say, really started my journey and that was in 2012. And did you have someone to train with on your U-com deployment? Um, yeah, trained with my CDADD, he was there and I trained and U-com, like we were obviously going to different countries. So I would go and hit up different gyms and the different countries and then all the other, the other countries, seal teams, you know, that we worked with. There's always someone who's in the combatives, you know, so I would basically just find out who that guy was. Yeah, who wants to get some and then we'd roll the mats out and fucking train and and I was trying to get guys in the jiu-jitsu back then and I was telling, you know, it's a great workout and people are just looking at me like, that's not a fucking workout and you know, you're not lifting weights, you're not running, you know, I'm like dude, it is a workout for sure. And it's, you know, one that the reason I liked jiu-jitsu specifically was because it was like a deadly martial art, you know, I could fucking choke you and like you're tapping, you're asking me, like please don't kill me, you know, and that's what I thought was fucking cool about it. And uh, that is definitely one of the cool things about it. You know, like there's there's times where I don't know, yeah, like we're we're gunfighters, I get it, but your first line is should be you, like my, my body. What can I do with my fucking vessel that I was brought into this universe with, like versus you? If I don't have a weapon, if I don't, you know, it's just me and you. Yeah, one of one, like let's go. Yeah, I mean, I got to see you like over and over again, just guys that didn't know how to didn't know anything and they'd get in a simple prisoner handling situation and wouldn't be able to handle someone. And the only thing that they would know to do is like bludgeon them in the head, which is cool. That's fine. I get it. But when you bring that person into the detainment facility and they're freaking all jacked up and then it turns out that they're not the person you were looking for or whatever. And, and that just doesn't, that's just not, that's just not cool. And it's not, it's not, it's not tactically the best thing to do because you don't have the control. I mean, you can't count on punching someone or hit them in the head. You can't count on that solving the problem. Whereas, jiu-jitsu, it's like, yeah, no, I have this human under control. Whereas, you know, you've punched people before that you've nailed them and they shook it off like it didn't even happen. You know, the whole thing with like, muscle strikes. I've seen, I've had guys, I mean, I've muscle strike plenty of people, but I've had guys that I've seen put the craziest, most aggressive muscle strike on a dude and have the dude's bleeding. Yeah, but like still fighting. Yeah, I do think that one's a fucking hell thing. And so, so yeah, from the, especially when people are in fear for their life. Oh, yeah, definitely. And they hate you and they hate your society and they're a geodist. It's like, yeah, that, muscle strike, if it doesn't knock them out, which sure it is possible. But the idea that that was just going to stop someone in their tracks 100% of the time was completely ludicrous. Now, with jiu-jitsu at least you're going to have some control, more control. And even that's not 100% you know, because you could, you know, you've got someone that's really small, it's someone that's really big and depending on your skill level, there could be issues there. But yeah, so you finally started training at a school. Yeah. 2012. Yeah. And they just dove in all the way. Yeah, I started, I started training at a school in 2012 and started competing in jiu-jitsu. You know, I really, once I once I joined a school, I learned more in six months than I did in four years of course, no-gui rolling with my buddies. You know, and I mean that it was just the blindly, the blind essentially, like who knows the most today. And that's like you guys are all fucking wrong. We're all teaching each other wrong shit, you know, and I mean, so I learned more in six months than I did that whole time. And so at that point, I'd really like fallen in love with jiu-jitsu. And I started competing all the time and was doing really well because I was competing as a white belt, you know, but I had already had a shit load of grappling experience, you know, with fucking big strong dudes who are just fucking me up. But now, like, now I'm the big strong guy and I know a little bit and I've been in like hard situations on the map, you know what I mean? And then obviously just the team guy just will to fight, you know, that's always a different level. You can tell when you roll with a team guy, even when a team guy is brand new at jiu-jitsu, they're still going to be, you can just tell that they're different because their will to fight is generally higher. Yeah. So anyway, I start competing a lot and doing really well and then start fighting and doing really well in that as well. And then, you know, that led me to what I'm doing now. And then you actually took over when you came home from your U.K. to play me to go over the combatants program? Yeah. Yeah. I took over the combatants program that was something that, you know, I felt like kind of lacked in the seal teams. You know, I was very shocked at that. I was surprised at that. You know, obviously where the seals are the best in the world, you know, at what we do. And, you know, we're gunfighters and all that shit. But I would imagine that our hand-to-hand combat, you know, like everyone thinks, like, oh, if I can see, he must, you know, tap me on the shoulder and I'll die, you know. And it's true. Just forever when he's listening. It's definitely true. But I hadn't gone to that school yet. So I was like confused as to why that wasn't a school or whatever. So anyway, I felt like with at this point, I was, I was competing quite a bit and having, having some pretty good success in the fight MMA, Gigi-Jitsu world. And I'd also had, you know, real world experience, you know, a lot of real world experience dealing with prisoner handling and stuff like that. And I just felt like, I felt like I could bring, I felt like I could do a good job at leading the combatives. So I took that on board and they gave me a shot and I rewrote the curriculum for combatives that we used on the East Coast and it was, it was really good, you know, and I went into with the operationally focused mindset, you know, not, if, if you're doing it, I'm all about Gigi-Jitsu. I love Gigi-Jitsu. However, if you're doing a triangle choke on target, something's probably going terribly wrong. But it's definitely not a bad thing to know Gigi-Jitsu, you know, to mean especially as an operator, you're dealing with human beings and you're not just, you know, you're not just going to go in and fucking kill everyone on target, you know, there could that happen, yeah, absolutely. But is that going to have them probably not? And you're going to have to deal with human beings and, you know, anything from just marshaling them to a full-on fight for your life is combatives related, you know, so I covered all of that in my program and I really focused on basic, simple things that you could remember during a time of stress, you know, like, you're not going to remember 12 steps to an arm bar, something like that when you're in a situation and you need it, you know what I mean, especially in a combative situation overseas, like that's, your adrenaline's going to be going like crazy, it's going to be fast, you need something simple effective and that, you know, that you can remember easily. And it's also, you know, how it is like in a, in a work-up, you're, you're, you're getting fed through a fire hose essentially, it's so much shit, you're, you're learning and you're expected to be proficient and like, perfect at all, all of it before you go out the door. So our combatives, we didn't get a whole lot of time, you know, it was like a two-week thing and so I, I really focused on developing techniques and things that, you know, and would also be effective, effective towards your enemy or your, your person that you're dealing with, but also mitigate risk to the operator, you know, like, muzzle strikes are great because you can muzzle strike a hundred people in a row in your hands feel fine, you know, you're not worried about breaking your weapons in control. Yeah, so, you know, that was kind of my focus was operationally focused mindset and, you know, and on the west coast, I felt like, yeah, from what I had seen, going out there and working with those guys, it was a lot of, uh, I felt like more guys were interested in combatives, but there was more of like a sporty kind of thing, like they're up in the fight room, doing jujitsu and stuff like that and which, which I thought was great, like I said, it's better, it's definitely better to, to, you know, have it not needed, then need it not have it. And so I think that it was good that guys were doing that, but I didn't think that it was operationally focused enough, you know, like, I don't think that you should be training combatives and PT gear, you know, like I had my, like the program that I set up was all scenario driven and it was all like trained like you fight, you know, so in your, in your camis and your boots with your gear, you know, because handling someone and PT gear versus handling someone and, you know, a full kit is totally different as well. Yeah, yeah, well, there's, it's, you know, I was, the discussion that used to happen a lot with all this stuff, because believe me, I was in this discussion for a long, long time. If you, you reach, or you get a ton of fucking pushback. People are super, people are simple, emotional about, about combatives and, you know, I would always, like, I wasn't, I wasn't as emotional as I wasn't very emotional about it, but for me, it was just like, hey, guys need to know how to do this. This is, this isn't about emotion. This is about just the facts of being ready to be prepared, being prepared on the battlefield. That's what you need to be. And, you know, one of the things that people would say was, you know, the, like the speed shooting contest, you shouldn't do that because it'll take away from your operational capability. Okay, I get it. However, who does better on the range? The guy that's like a, a hobby shooter, too, and then goes out to whatever CQC, he's drilling nails all day long. The same thing with a parachuteing, like, okay, so I skydive whatever. I'm a skydiver on the weekends, and I like to go down and have a ton of jumps. I have, you know, 2000 jumps with my slick rig. How do I do when I put a combat equipment on? I do awesome. I'm way better than, like, a guy like me, because I wasn't like a recreational skydiver. When I ever put equipment on, it was like, it was a, it was a, I had to pay attention. Whereas the guys that were good skydivers in the civilian side, they were good. Same thing with like, oh, who's going to do better in a grappling match, a guy that wrestled in high school with his gear on or a guy that, you know, has his gear on, it's like it doesn't matter. You get certain skill level, and you're going to do great. And that's just the way it is. Now, what you can't do is just say, oh, well, we're never going to train with gear on, because there are certain, you know, it's like saying, hey, I'm never going to train with the gear. If you, if someone never train with the gear before, and they go against someone with the gear, it depends on how long that person's been training with the gear for, because hey, no gear and gear have all kinds of similarities. They have all kinds of similarities. They also have some differences, and depending on how much you do of each is where you're going to kind of shake out, which one you're better at. But there are so much crossover between gear and no gear between skydiving on the weekends and skydiving in the teams and shooting on the weekends and shooting in the teams. The way I was looked at it was train more train all the time with everything, you know, as much as you can. And that's, that's how you get better at things. But yeah, that combat of thing was, it still was, it still is. I know. It's hard. It's hard to change. It's a shift. It's a taboo thing for some reason, and it totally depends on who's at the head of the table. You know, what, what their flavor is, what their take is on it. And if the guy, you know, is like you or me, and then it's like, hey, we're all going to fucking, we all need to know this. We all need to, and then other guys come in, they're like, oh, that shit's stupid. We don't need that. Yeah. And I was, I was when someone would say, guys should be working on shooting. I'd say, you know, I totally agree. Absolutely. You know, give us a range, you know, in the building. And we'll do that in the building, because that's without question or primary weapon system. And, you know, no doubt, you want to be a great shot, for sure. Guess what? How many hours are you going to shoot today? I mean, are you going to shoot 22 hours a day? Because you're going to have some time at some point where you go, you know what, let's get some other skills in here. You know, we might as well know, and like you said earlier, you can't just go, you don't just go on target and shoot everyone. There's a, there's a, female, you know, Dave Burke, who's one of the guys at echelon front. Good deal. Yeah, he has a, he has a story that he tells about the first time he came face to face with the, like, Iraqi woman that did not want him in the house. And he's, you know, whatever, a 18-year marine at this point, and he didn't know what to do. Yeah. And it's like, yeah, you, you, you need to train. You need to train to handle those situations. And, and a lot of people, you know, that people are unpredictable. They're just totally unpredictable. And especially in a situation where they don't know, like, a bunch of people with guns and body armor just busted up in their fucking house. Like, you think that person's going to be like, just cool as a cucumber or a calm, like, I don't know. And then when you put hands on people to, people freak the fuck out. And, and you know, and you don't need to just muzzle strike everyone. Like you said, like, if you do that, you're going to get shut down real quick. You know what I mean? And you should be as an elite warrior, you should be expected, or at least I expect people to handle themselves. Like, and you shouldn't let this fucking Iraqi woman just walk all over you or fucking flail around because like, you don't know what to do. I can't muzzle strike or I can't shoot her. So what do I got to do? You know what I mean? And if you've never, and that's just like a woman. But if let, now you have like a fighting age male or something. And you know, if he resists, I'll just kill no. That's not the case always. You know, it's definitely not like, and you know, you definitely don't want the first time that you're handling a human being like that to be overseas when it's real. And they can, you know, very easily get to your shit on your kit. And you know, it can be a bad day. And especially like, I tell people, you know, just think of like muzzle, muzzle discipline and awareness, you know, like when you have your gun, even at high ready and then you're marshalling someone and they freak the fuck out. Now all of a sudden you've got a hot weapon, like going around the room, it's just shit that there's so much things that you, you need to think about. And the more you do, the more comfortable you're going to be with it. And that was kind of my mindset towards it. At what point did you realize you were going to get out? Well, I wasn't sure I was fighting and stuff. And I was just kind of doing that as as for fun as a hobby on the weekends and competing and stuff like that. And then I had gone out and trained at blackhouse with some UFC fighters. And I had always like looked at the UFC, you know, I was always a fan. And I enjoyed fighting and stuff. And but I'd always looked at those guys like they were kind of superhuman or like, like it was like the NFL of fighting, like those guys are genetic freaks or whatever. You know what I mean? When you think of someone in the NFL, you're just like, man, it must be nice to be born like that, you know, or whatever. But fighting is kind of a unique thing where, I don't know, anyone can do it. And as long as you just put in the the work, you know what I mean? So, and being a genetic freak helps too. But, but I got in there, I got in the blackhouse and I trained with some of the people in the UFC and I was just like, holy shit, like, I'm actually like doing fine. Like I'm hanging with these guys. And, and I'm, you know, talking to them and just kind of getting to know some of these guys and just made it a little more human. You know what I'm like? What did you do before your fighter? Like, oh, I fucking worked on a restaurant, you know, as a bus boy or whatever. I was, you know, this, that third. And I was just thinking, you know, and they're all looking at me like, dude, you're fucking navy seal. Like, and I'm just like, yeah, but that's all I've ever, no, and that's all I've ever done. I did right out of high school, you know. And, and I'm just me, you know, and I know, like, I'm not special, you know what I mean? And it just kind of made it, it had a like a shift or like a realization, like, these are just people just like you and, and they just fucking stuck with fighting and practiced it until they were good enough to beat, you know, the competition and now they're here. And I was like, fuck, I, I could do that. Like, I'm pretty good, you know, and yeah, and I've been through some shit, like, I could push myself hard. Like, fuck, I could do this. And at the time, like, I was already been a seal for a while and, and, you know, I got to experience a ton and life and just, in war and, and just that whole lifestyle and that whole thing and, and, uh, I was just out of crossroads, you know, and I was like, well, I can stay in and make a career out of this, like I was planning on doing, I was planning on staying in for 20 years, um, and, you know, I can screen and, you know, try and make it over there and, or I can get out and kind of pursue this and, and at the time I was 29 or, yeah, I was 27 when I was like, making this decision. And, um, I was like, you know, fighting this kind of a young man's game and, uh, like you read earlier in the beginning of this, like, you can't, you can't even pause time, you know, wait for no one. And, uh, I was like, well, if I, if I just keep down this road, I, I don't want to think like, what if or like regret, you know, and I was like, I've already been on this path for a while and, and it's cool and all that, but I want to see what else I can do. So, and I was really fucking struggling with, with that decision for a long time, it was stressing me out and, uh, then once I just said, fuck it and this decided, you know, which way I was going, then the, like, all that stress, like, relief, this, it was a big reliever. And, uh, yeah, decided to get out and, there's what you, what you read that? Um, I got out in 2018. And, how many amateur fights did you have when you were in? Uh, like, 17 or something? And then, and did you go pro while you were still in? No, they wouldn't let me. And that was like, it was so frustrating to me because in Virginia, the amateur rule set is the exact same as pro. So, it's day before weigh-ins, um, you know, all strikes, like, those, those, no shimpads, you know, it's four ounce gloves, no head gear, you know, it's, it's, uh, it's fucking pro. Or five minute rounds? Uh, no, there were three, three, three minute rounds. Three minute rounds, yeah. Three minute rounds. Um, but some, some of them had five minute rounds, like I thought North Carolina. So, yeah, it was no different, you know, and, uh, trying to explain that to like my command and shit, and I'm like, there is literally no difference. And a guess what, like, a punch from punch in the face from an amateur feels the same from a pro. That's what I'll tell you about. Like, those, that bruise that came from an amateur, it would've came from a pro too. When I talked to Tim Kennedy about this, like, it's so crazy that Army gave that guy and gives him so much, he's a great guy and obviously a credible fighter. But yeah, I mean, he was just full on just getting after it, right? Well, and he still is. Yeah, and they support him. Yeah, he's all, it's awesome. They take some date. Man, I ran into total fucking roadblocks left and right with my fighting. And, um, you know, and I used to argument all the time, like, guys, you don't understand the same way, Brian stay up. Yeah, he was in the Marine Corps. Yeah, I talked to Brian Boffs or the Marine Corps just out there fighting in the WEC. But the, uh, no training, Tim Kennedy, they, they sponsored him. Yeah. Yeah. And there was like Ranger up or whatever. Yeah. Well, Ranger's up is actually Tim's company. No Tim, but for a while, Tim, Tim was like, he, I forget the exact story, but he, he was sponsored by, like, the Army. Yeah, for a while. They were using it as like a recruiting tool. And then he said, listen, you can either keep paying me a sponsorship or you can just let me come back on active duty. And, and they were like, uh, that sounds like a good financial deal for us. So yeah, Tim, Tim's, yeah, and that's, and that's why I kind of was forced to choose because I was running into so much fucking bullshit. Yeah. And, um, you know, like glory, uh, glory had come to town. And they were doing a fight at the Hampton Coliseum. And, um, you know, at this point, I had already had quite a few fights under my belt and had some popularity, I guess, as a fighter and, and they had heard about me. And, they invited me to fight on the show. And Mike Tyson was going to be there in shit. And I was like, man, this is going to be a fucking huge opportunity. It's on Spike TV too. And, um, I was, you know, I was like, can I, can I fight on this? And, and they're like, yeah, you know, we'll, we'll see what we can do. Love a blonde. And then last, you know, last minute they, they told me, no, you know, and I was just like, if I would've been your boss, you would've been fighting. And that's, that's a shitty part is like, you know, it depends on who's, who's at the table at the moment. And you know, now that I think about it, because I'm just sitting here thinking like, there's probably a, in fact, I remember seeing some kind of policy that they put in place at some point. I forget even to say if it was yes or no, I forget. But I remember. But my argument to it was like, all the time was like, like, just same one with the skydiving, you know, like, guys fucking skydive all the time, there's leap frogs, you know, why not, why don't the navy, why doesn't the navy use me as a recruiting tool, you know, like, I, I would, I don't want to get out of the teams. I want to stay in the teams, but I also want to fight and like, I can do this. Like, I was ranked number one on the East Coast and two weight classes, you know, and I was like, I'm pretty good at this shit, like, you know, and I don't understand why we don't utilize this, you utilize me as a recruiting tool, you know, go to the fight, set up a fucking pull-up bar, hand out t-shirts and try and hand, you know, or go to the, they had me go to the national, uh, high school wrestling contest or tournament, and they had me do like a combatives demonstration and and had me go out there and wrestle with all the, the high school students and stuff. Yeah, yeah, I fucking brought it. Yeah, I'll tell you what, we had an assumption for all of you. Yeah, you know, I was up at the California State Championships last year, or no, it was 2019, yeah. It was like, a bunch of high-endism. Well, yeah, I mean, my, my, my daughter was competing, and, but, you know, we're up there at the boys, they're just animals, they're animals. It's, it's awesome to see. Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, those, those kids were fucking taught. Oh, yeah, they put in and they fucking, they all wanted some. Oh, sure, yeah. They were like, and, and, because I was there in like, Cammy, Cammy pants, you know, in the fucking blue UDT seal shirts and, and we brought the bullet bar and, and, you know, because the, I think, but buds like, they try to get wrestlers. Sure, they do. Because wrestlers, you know, wrestlers, I don't want you to want to say, wrestlers have a good chance of making it through buds because that's not true. It's definitely not true. It was slightly better chance than a normal. Right. However, not right. However, wrestlers are used to a fucking grind. And that's probably why they're a little bit more comfortable and used to the grind factor of buds that does not mean they're used to getting cold and wet and dealing with all that shit, but they're used to dealing with the grind. So, whatever. And they're competitive. So, uh, so we went there and yeah, all those, all these fucking high school wrestlers are looking at me like, I got something to prove, you know, or whatever. And, and I'm out there representing the fucking seal team. So, like, I got something to prove to you, let's go, young buck. And, uh, so we, we, no, it was a good time. But I was like, why don't they fucking, they're cool with this, but not like fighting, like, what's the difference? Like, I don't know. So, I just ran into tons of frustrating headaches like that. And that's what ultimately decided to, you know, I was just decided to go this way. And I'm glad I did, but yeah, and that's, you know, I got to say like the seal teams, I never tried to fight pro, but like the seal teams was totally support, like I would go and train at places that give me. Well, the West Coast was, yeah, a lot different. Yes. You guys, you guys are definitely more supported on that kind of stuff. Extra curricular. Sure. Thanks. So, you get out and then when did you go pro? Uh, right after I got out. So, you've been pro for a year, or a half, two years, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How many fight pro fights do you have? I've only done two pro fights so far. I won my first one by TKO in the third round. It was a good, really good fight against another pro who he was a pro boxer as well, and he had called me out and kind of campaigned for the fight or whatever, and so I bled. And then, and then I did my LFA debut. Um, I fight in that sungun. I don't know if you've seen any pictures of videos. I have unfortunately seen that. Yeah, you can't unsee it. You're welcome. So, that's actually my buddy, Jeff Gumm. He owns that company. Yeah, no Jeff. Yeah, so, um, so obviously, like, I tried to support other team guys and their ventures and stuff like that, and, you know, um, that was right up my alley with the, uh, I thought it was funny. If I'll pretty much do anything if I think it's funny. And, uh, so I, I fought in the sungo, which is for those of you don't know, it, it's kind of looks like a American flag diaper sort of thing. But it's sex. Yeah, well, it's from Brazil. In Brazil, there's a sungun, there's a sungow. And I think this sungow is like the smaller one and the sungow is like a little bit, but they're their speedos. Yeah, they're such a speedos. Yeah, they're speedos. There's speedos and Dean Lister because he has so much Brazilian influence in his brain, he went through his face of training with a sungow. And, and, uh, those are some of the worst years in my life. Yeah, I'm sorry. But, no, no, or self, we can't do that today. Yeah, so, uh, I'm not, I'm very anti-sunga and sungow. But, but you, you know, you go for it. Well, I'd ask you, it's if, if I wouldn't, I would make me want to fight you less if you were wearing that. So you got that little cycle out there. Right? Do it, or it was like confusing to them. Yeah. Yeah, which is, I mean, do you know what, were you watching like UFC when everyone was when all the Brazilians were still wearing them and you have to see, and they still do sometimes. Yeah, yeah, I've seen some of them. Yeah, but anyways. But I thought it was funny. So, uh, so I got a little patch sewn into it so I got put my cup in it and that was my, my new fighting attire. And, uh, yeah, I went out. It, it could never, I don't know, it was awesome. We'll say that. Uh, I went out. I, I, I fought on LFA, on National TV. And, um, I, it was during a military appreciation fight. And so they hosted the fight in at an army base and it was in a hanger, you know, with helicopters and we got all these people, all these active duty army people and their uniforms and stuff in the crowd. And, uh, you know, here I am the, the Navy seal and the American flag speedo and, and come out to fight, um, and got knocked out 30 seconds. So it's like, good. I can't get really that much worse from here. So that's cool. Day. But now it was, it was actually, they called it the craziest 31 seconds in LFA history. Yeah, I watched it. I watched it. It was, it was, it was, it was. It was, it was. It was, it was. It would have a lot of time to watch fights. Yeah. I had time for life. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, it's, uh, I, I saw it. I, I, I think you posted it somewhere or, I posted it. I posted the video. I mean, which some, which so many people were, were so kind, like they were like, wow, I can't believe you posted this and like sat him down first, right? Then you sit him down? No. So he had a 14 inch reach on me. He was 6, 6, 3 and, um, fucking big astute. And honestly, like, I didn't even know, like we were, we were, we were recordgile with each other, like at Wands and stuff like that. So I wasn't sure if like we were going to touch gloves or not, you know, because it's always kind of a, I feel like they should just like make that a rule like you are. You, you either do or you're done. It's a rule with me now. But I, uh, I wasn't sure if we were going to touch gloves or not and like kind of coming out due to he honestly, he hit me like, I didn't even know he could reach me from where he was. And it was just like, I think from that, that, that big weight, I do a big weight cut and, uh, I think it just, you know, just fucking, just put me on queer street right away. And, uh, so right out of the gates, I was rocked and, and was kind of fell down and was just, he'd swarm me and I was just getting punches thrown at me, left and right. And I'm just kind of like seeing stars trying to gain my composure. And then, I finally like got backed up and, and, uh, against the cage and, and, uh, gain my composure for a second, landed a one, a clean one too and, and dropped him and then ran over, like got excited when I dropped him down kind of went over towards him and, and fucking just, I think probably my coordination was just kind of off still from just getting rocked and, and I literally just tripped right over, head over him over his body. And then as we're both standing up, he fucking threw another punch and, that was it. So, and I was just like, God damn it, I'm a fucking navy seal on a army base, like fighting in an American-like Speedo, a national TV and just got knocked the fuck out. Yeah. Good toss. Yeah. I don't know what to tell you. Yeah. No, that's, that's what I'm saying, man, you're getting out there. Hey, yeah, that's what you got to do. There's, there's, there's going to be a winner to lose or, and if you, the real losers are the ones that are actually not getting in the ring. So, you know, a lot, a lot more times than that, I've come out victorious. So, uh, it is what it is. I don't, it didn't slow me down, doesn't bump me out or whatever, just part of it. And I, I understand that going into it, so risk them all to take. Yeah, what's your next fight? Um, we're setting up one, uh, looking at August 25th and, uh, Riverside, hopefully, with the LFA. So, hopefully that goes through and, and I'll be, I'll set to go, right? Any idea on a pony yet? No. I don't care who it is. Just, I just want someone. Yeah. I don't care. Like, I, I never really care who my opponent is. Honestly, I don't, I don't look at, really, their skillset or I never have really, I don't care because I've dealt with people just so much in, like, combatives and, and jujitsu and fighting, it's just, like, people are unpredictable. And that's what I stick with. Like, you may think you have a game plan figured out and then all of a sudden they do something different. And I don't even want to be thinking about, oh, well, I thought you was going to do this. And I had this set up for this. And, you know what I mean? Like, I know what you mean. I will say this when you find out who your opponent is. You got to watch him. You got to watch him. You got to at least figure out because there's people that have things. They have their game. And if they have that game and you, and you know about it, as you know, like if, if you know, I'm good at whatever, you'll defend that thing. Right? And if you don't know it, well, then I'll get you in that situation, right? If you really let's like, um, what, what, anybody, anybody, if you, everyone's got that thing at their game that they're good at, right? And like, in jjitsu, hey, this guy's got a good gaiting. This guy's got a good on him. This guy's got a good, good, heal hooks or whatever. Everyone's got their little thing. And if they're good at it, then that's what they'll kind of steer you towards. But, um, yeah, so I was, and, and I would say, look, I get it. We don't care the opponent is, but when you find out who you're opponent is, take a look, you know, send it to me. Let me look at, you know what I mean? Because I've been watching these, for sure. Things forever to say, hey, looks like this guy's got this. And you also have to watch more than, you know, watch like three or four fights and see if they have any grappling tournaments that are posted on, Nagar or whatever on YouTube, you know, you find out what kind of game they have. And if you can do that, then you can learn from it, and you can take it into the, you can take it into the cage with you. Yeah, no, I, I'm definitely not opposed to doing that at all. I just, uh, I just don't put all my eggs in the back of you. You know what I mean? And that way, I don't, if, if shit doesn't go according to plan, like, that's cool. Because they're just evolved to. Yeah, they're going to evolve, but guess what they'll go back to, they'll go back to what they're good at. Right. I mean, so that's another thing to think about. And cool. Um, I, uh, so that glory, that actual story, um, when I had gotten told know, uh, that I wasn't able to do that fucking event in, in Hampton Road, so I was, I was really bummed out and, uh, so I ended up actually just come like, I, I already like had decided at that point. I was like, you know, it fucked up. So I'm getting out of the Navy. Like, I'm, I don't want, I don't want to be told what I can't, I can't do or whatever, you know what I mean? Like, and, uh, so I called the, the guy back and said, well, when's it in next one? And he was like, oh, we got it, we got another one coming up in San Diego. And I said, put me on that one. And so I just took leave and, like, I'm just going to San Diego and I ended up fighting on the glory court. San Diego, I just took leave and went now there and did it anyway. And, uh, ended up knocking the guy out in the second round. Right, all. Yeah, that's pretty good outcome. Well, this is a pretty good spot. Since we're up to current events, what else, I know you got your supplement company, you got T-shirts, what else, how can people support what you got going on? Um, I would say, uh, the biggest, uh, big sways, probably on Instagram. Um, that's my, really my only platform. Uh, I put out a lot of content on Instagram. I do, uh, my live streams from there. I thought about doing a podcast as well, but, uh, I think I'm just going to stick to my Instagram lives and just kind of treat them as podcasts or whatever, uh, because I like talking and interacting with, with my supporters a lot. And, uh, you know, so I figure people will get bored just talking to me for a long time in a room like this. I don't know. But, uh, yeah, I would say, uh, follow me on Instagram at, uh, at Mitch Aguar. Um, and yeah, we've got a supplement company, um, our main product is a thing called this smashing greens. What I gave you today. Yeah. And, uh, that, that actually is a blend of different organic superfoods. Um, so I watched this documentary called Fat Sick and Nearly Dead. I don't know if you've seen it or not. I have not. It's on Netflix. And, uh, this guy, he, he was really overweight and had this some sort of skin disease and he ended up getting a juicer and ended up doing 60 days of just vegetable juice. And, uh, he ended up losing a ton of weight and, um, his skin disease cleared up and just like the doctors were just like blown away at at how healthy he had become, you know, just from, from doing all this and learned about micro nutrients and all this stuff. So I was like, man, that seems like a cool, uh, cool thing. Like, I want to try it, you know, I've never fasted before or anything like that. And, uh, went out and bought a juicer and it was, it was, uh, fucking pain in the ass to clean that thing, like three times a day and I was having, I had to buy like $30 worth of vegetables every day to make enough juice to, you know, put into a glass that would somewhat keep me full. And I was just like, there's gotta be a better way than this shit. And so, uh, ended up going to a vitamin shop and saw, like, organic freeze-dried wheat grass. And you just had water to it and I was like, oh my god, that's so much better, you know. So I went and basically picked out a bunch of ingredients that I did research on that, you know, things that I wanted and, um, and, uh, put them all into, like, a shaker cup and added water and drank it and did it a fast that way. And, uh, it was obviously much cheaper, much better, like, just more, way more convenient and everything like that. And I just didn't have anything in post on Instagram one day. And, uh, and so I just shared it. I was just like, hey, this is kind of the concoction that I came up with. And, and I do my, I do a five day fast like this and, just kind of, it makes me feel good, helps me lose weight. And then I started doing that, like, cutting weight for my fights. And, um, and then people, it just fucking caught on, like, wildfire. Like, everyone was like, what is that? What is that? And then, I was like, look, I'm not associated with these companies at all, you know, like, these aren't, I don't get it paid for this. Like, this is just, here, this is what I do and, like, put it, laid it all out there and it's like, you can get all these products on Amazon or your local vitamin shop or whatever. And just made it as idiot proof as I could. And I was just getting bombarded with questions nonstop. But, but it was, like, a lot of people were having, like, a ton of success fasting with that and losing weight. So, I was like, well, that's pretty cool. You know, like, I'm, I'm really, I'm down to help people, you know, better themselves and I enjoy, like, pushing people and pushing myself and trying to be better and everything. So, um, so I stuck with it and just kept, kept answering all the questions or whatever and then after, like, a year and a half or so, ended up, um, making my own, you know, just like, well, I might as well fucking make this my own product. And so I found a way to, to kind of make that come to life and, um, took all those products basically and just put them into one, removed all the fillers and all the bullshit in there and just, it was like, you know, I didn't know anything about the supplement industry or anything like that. I just never intended on, on doing that, but just kind of came about and, uh, you know, delivered a product that was way more convenient. And everyone was already using and buying all these other things. And now, now it's like my product and they're able to support me and now it's like, I don't, you know, I don't have an issue answering these questions now that you're buying my product, you know what I mean? So, um, now it's, it's been super awesome because we've had just a ton of people lose so much weight and like my brother lost 110 pounds, you know, using that. So it really works which is cool, you know, and it's really helpful for people and it's changing their lives and like I'm all about that. And now like, it's supporting me financially now that I'm not out, you know, in the Navy anymore because I didn't, I didn't get a retirement or anything like that. Just got out. So, um, so yeah, it's super cool and the supplement in a company, but now that I've been in it for a little while, like, I'm starting to get more understanding of it and, and we're, we're doing pre-workout, protein, BCA's, all that stuff like kind of expanding it and, and, you know, now I'm like really involved with it and, and I'm just treating it like everything else, like I always tried to, you know, under promise and over deliver and like I always want to make sure that like people are getting, like, or something good, you know, I don't want to ever feel like I jipped someone or got one over, something like that. Like when people come to use my products, like I want them to be, like a fucking satisfied. Yeah, for sure. That's the best policy to have, make the best stuff. Yeah, stuff just don't skip, you know, like my, my, my end game is not to make the most profit, like I want an actual good fucking product, like that, my name's behind, you know, and I proud of. What's the, what's the website? Um, you can either go to smashinfrog.com or massive supplements.com, msfsublements.com, either one they go to the same place, but yeah, and we got t-shirts and stuff, but I'm basically streamlining my t-shirts, because I had massive apparel, and I just made a bunch of t-shirts that that I wanted to make, you know, that were like personal in the me, like the mindset is everything, attitude is contagious. Don't be a pussy, be humble, you know, these are shirts that like, I've kind of made all the shirts that I want to make, and I made them. I was kind of a t-shirt snob before I had my company, and then once I made my company and like got into the apparel industry, like I just wanted like really comfortable, nice fitting, good quality t-shirts, and printed my own shit on them, and that's all I wear now, but I'm just streamlining it down a couple that I like, and I'm actually launching a new brand pretty soon that I'm very excited about. Cool, cool, right on there. So if you follow me on Instagram, you'll, uh, you can keep up with all that stuff I got going on, and and watch my future fights, and hopefully I don't get knocked out. Echo, you got anything? What happened with that dodgeball fight? You're talking about how man, uh, it was oddly enough, it was in a church also, so I got into a dodgeball church fight. Dodgeball church, did you win that one? I did, and knock the guys to you though. We were there to practice our dodgeball, and we were taking it very seriously, you know, because there was a tournament coming up that I think had like a $500 prize, which when you're like $16, $500 is $1,000,000,000. Yeah, that'll go long way. It'll go a long way. So, you know, the stakes were high, and we were, we were there, and there was some local jokers that were just, you know, not taking it seriously, and like just fucking with our practice and stuff, and, and... dude, if there's one thing that makes me angry, legitimately angry, so people aren't taking dodgeball series. You know, it just was. It was, there was a time for joking around, there was a time for seriousness, and you know, that wasn't the time, and ended up, you know, I ended up saying something to this dude, and just, you just kind of fucking mouth-off, and, you know, my temper's, temper's flared, and escalated, yeah, things escalated, and ended up getting into like a full-on brawl. Like a dodgy brawl, dodgy brawl, and a dodgy brawl. That's brawl. It's dodgy brawl. There you go. So, thank you. It's a good time. Well, awesome. Um, hey, speaking of fighting, and smashing things, sure. I mean, echo, yes. We want to be better at fighting. We want to be better at living. What do you got? What do you got for us? I got a few things. So, we'll start with judgy stew, right? You're like geared, no ghee better. Um, I'm starting to like, no ghee, better. I would say just because I feel like it's more applicable to the cage. However, um, you know, like Jako was saying earlier, I agree, wholeheartedly, I think that everyone who trains judgy stew should train in a ghee as well because, you know, there are a lot of similarities, and I feel like if you only train no ghee, and then you go against someone with a put a ghee on with any sort of decent skill level, you're going to get fucking choked for sure. Yeah. And it just the ghee slows everything down, and it's a, it's a totally different animal. And the thing is, like, you can train in a ghee all the time, and take the ghee off and roll with someone no ghee, and you're, you're going to do fine. You're you're still doing judgy stew, you know what I mean? It's a different game, but it's not that much different, but going from no ghee to ghee, very different. So, that's why I think I think people should definitely train in a ghee still. Yeah, agree. Yeah, both is best for sure. Um, yeah, the ghee, I add these elements that if you only train no ghee, you're not used to those elements, and if someone else is used to those elements, all the no ghee elements are in the ghee, you know, like those elements are there for the most part. Of course, in the close, you know, like, using like, if you were getting a street fight, like you can use clothes like a ghee. Right. So it gives you even that many more options for sure. Oh, yeah, agree. Well, speaking of ghee, well, ghee, we're going to get everyone's doing judgets, you know, I feel like it's growing essentially. So, kind of ghee, we get an origin ghee. You know, why are we getting origin ghee because they're made in America? And they are factually the best ghee in the world. Rashcards as well. Okay. So where do we get them at originmain.com? That's also where we're getting genes. Yeah. By the way. And I got mine. By the way, approval level 100. You know, always reluctant to say, you know, 101% approval, but here I'm going to say it 101% approval, because they exceeded literally exceeded my expectations. And your expectations were high. Warrior 100%. I was like, yeah, the way you're talking the way they, you know, PD does a good job in building these things up. You know, he's taking close-up pictures of the buttons coming out of the factory that it's really good. So I'm like, all right, expectation, expectation level is high. 100%. These have to be five star genes essentially. They're like five star plus some added things that I was impressed with. Yes. 101% approval. Yes. So genes, you can get them t-shirts, trashcarts, supplements, supplements. Yes. So, well kind of supplements, joint warfare, which I'm happy with, man, I've been on the joint warfare. I think it's been one year consistent joint warfare, cruel oil. So approved 100% approved. Actually adding value, providing value, even beyond what you might think in the beginning. Because you know, one, you know, one, we're young, you know, young guys or whatever, you don't care, you know, you have muscle soreness, you have all this stuff. What are the joint soreness is one of those things that just kind of creeps up on you. But if you're on top of that, that doesn't take you. It'll take you out of the game if you're not ready. Preventative. Yeah. And when it comes to my idea, I'd get like elbow stuff from lifting and stuff. But if, if I was on like joint warfare, glucose, me and could join any, any one of these things that they did recommend when I started grappling, by the way, if I was on that, I would have never got out of the game. Yeah, at any point. The last point is get your joint warfare, get your cruel oil and stay on that. Get your discipline too. Yeah. Fully. Get your discipline. Discipline is like all day. Now. Yes, sir. That's kind of where it's going. It's, yeah. It's like, yes, I guess what I'm just drinking. Oh, I'm just going to have some discipline. Right. It's kind of like you poured this, uh, is this what you're talking about? Yeah. Yeah. It's just tastiness and goodness. Commission is this a pre-workout. Yeah. It's, it's not like a super um, there's not like a super caffeinated deal because I don't drink a lot of caffeine and I don't want to drink a lot of caffeine. So yeah, you, little cognitive, little physical. Okay. And you, uh, just sip this all day. Yeah. I don't have like some. And I won't drink it like after dinner, you know, because I, there's a little bit of caffeine in it and I don't drink a lot of caffeine. So not even in the mornings when you, when you're waking up. No. Is that 430? Just a little bit of a little bit of a t t to the white t has some caffeine in it too. So I guess I do drink caffeine. But I don't drink high doses like like a like a monster energy drink or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Makes sense. Speaking of energy drink, we got to energy drink on my own. But it's, it's actually good for you, which is completely, it's like we, it's hard to call it an energy drink because energy drink puts it in a, in a category with things that are actually horrible for you. Yeah. Right. Like there's normal energy drinks that are just horrible for you. This is something that you can legitimately just drink and it's good for you. Yeah. So that's coming out. You'll see some cans of that in the near future. Oh yeah. That's a good one. Oh, the milk. You want to desert. If you want extra protein in the form of we desert that that's it. Milk. Off-livers. I like that just like if you want to desert. You have a mint chocolate protein right? I was, I have a mint chocolate protein as well. And I was, my, my protein or my supplements took a long time to come out like way, I'm sure you've encountered whenever you're dealing with any kind of putting out something. Never goes according to plan and it's always longer than you're expecting or whatever. And I had done a mint chocolate. I, that was just, I've been a huge fan of mint my whole life, mint chocolate, whatever. Me too. Me deliciousness. And, uh, and I saw that you put out a mint chocolate and I was like, God damn it, everyone is going to think I'll copy chocolate. I don't have the pack. You're in a chocolate. Yeah. Or they'll probably think like dang. I thought I was the only one who loved mint chocolate better than everything I was like, you know, we all kind of do mint chocolate with a seals, but like you're just two, but like mint chocolate. Yeah. Well same thing with Pete, right? I mean not another name seal thing, but wait was he in mint chocolate or peanut butter? He was in the mint, but I think peanut butter. See, the peanut butter was kind of like that. Yeah, that's not where. Well, that's sort of smashing. Well, yeah, and that makes sense because in my opinion, you know, I'm not just going to like, my favorite dessert is this or that. I'm not that, you know, but I will say that when you came out, it's almost like, you're going public with your mint chocolate, uh, love, um, admiration. I was like, hey, me too, but peanut butter chocolate has always been my close close second. Yeah. Easy money. But the one that really, the strawberry, because it's just so, yeah, good. Oh yeah, but it's strawberry is a staple anyway, you know, it's like staple everything, but so it's vanilla, but I'm not over here. I'm not over here jumping up and down about vanilla. Yeah, but some people are. I know some people are. I've got a cinnamon toast crunch. There you go. Coming out, and I've got to think of a name for it because I don't think I can legally call it cinnamon toast crunch. No, I don't know. I don't know what the rules are. I thought about thinking of, you know, growing up, uh, I always hit, we were kind of not so, uh, financially gifted. Yeah. I'm gonna call that, whatever, living in a trailer. You know, my mom would always get fruity dino bites, you know, and cinnamon toast squares. I used to eat those out of the bag. That's not what the other kids eat. Yeah, once I joined the Navy and started getting, you know, good paycheck. I just, I never, you know, I never again. I always appreciated my serial game. It was always the good. The real stuff. Fruity pebbles. There's no fruity dino bites in this house. Get out of here with that. Yeah. Come to the bag. Right. The speed to that. Little kids need food. That's why I got Warrior Kid Mulk, strawberry, chocolate. Yeah. Let them eat and be healthy. They've got that chocolate. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My wife gets like, like, she hits a point in the day where she's like, man, I'm considering just to go to bed right now or to bust out a chocolate tea and just get after it. Literally says that. Decision point. Yeah. And I know the feeling, but man, she's really committed to it. You got to take her go to. You got to take something or make creative supplement of some kind for a little power nap. Because working on it. You know, I did start a rumor that you take naps. No, I freely admit that. Yeah. It's really, yeah. It's very open about it. I wrote about it. I wrote about it. In the dismissal free and field medieval. Yeah. I mean, if I'm really tired, I elevate my feet above my heart. And I sat in the alarm and I'll sleep for eight minutes and eight minutes. Yeah. Power now. Yep. And if you go, I mean, sometimes I go 10. But if you start going 15, 20, then you're like legitimately, you'll feel groggy. But you know the deal, man, from like you're talking about sleeping in a helicopter. Like you wake up from those things. You're totally on fire. You know, it's a sleep for 10 minutes, eight minutes, whatever. So yeah, I have no problem with this. The problem with me is, I don't know, I tend to nap better than I sleep. And then like when I wake up, my brain just starts going. And it just once that happens, it's just, that's it. I'm up. So when you say a supplement for power and after it like helps you get into like power and up state like that, okay? I don't know. I'm working it. It could be your your cinnamon toast crunch flavored situation. Have you taken hypnosis? Uh-huh. Yeah, so origin. So we have, we have this thing called hypnosis, which is like a sleep. But yeah, but that's not for now. I'm not sure about it. Yeah, you need some of that. You need some of that. Just for eight minutes. It's you take a rail of it and you're out for eight minutes, just fully reach out. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. Well, wait, but technically and I don't know, this just seems like this is true. Power and app. Can you know, you have like what the five phases right of sleep? Yeah, or six five versus. I don't either. Yeah, what should I have in some. Yeah. Yeah, so yeah. So you can have, you probably get jammed up somewhere in one of those stages, right? Power and app is stage one. I think I'm pretty sure it's only stage one. Power and app. I depends on how tired you are. Well, then it won't be considered a power and app. If you're like super tired and you go boom all the way phase stage five sleep. Right. You went to the idea of sleep. Yeah. Do you have sleep back? Yeah, or anything? Nope. No. Yeah. I don't have, I did a sleep study and I don't have sleep apnea, but I have insomnia. And it's like I wake up enough not to actually wake me up, but like it's like I wake up. No, and even no, I'm awake. Oh, you know what I mean? So I wake up. When I do wake up, I'm fucking still exhausted. Yeah. It's great. So one of the, I actually have a CBD line as well, which I don't know if you get into the CBD at all. Not really, no. No. But one of the products that that we're launching is a thing called green dreams. And it's rapid dissolve. It's a rapid dissolve tablet. You put on your tongue and dissolves in like 10 seconds and it's 25 milligrams of CBD and 10 milligrams of melatonin. So, but that's not for an eight minute. Yeah. That's a good power now. That's the going to bed situation. Yeah. That's a good bed situation. That's a good bed situation. Very nice. Right all. Well, the opposite of that is Jokwaiti because you don't take that before you go to bed. Maybe after you wake up the middle of the day like my wife or whatever. Also, if you're into deadlifting, which we all are, of course, it'll increase it to 8,000 pounds, proving by the way double-blind, triple placebo situation. No joke. Also, we have our own store. Jokwaiti's store. It's called Jokwaiti's store. We got rash guards. We do. I'm sure. Yeah. T-shirts. You want to represent while on the path. Oh, there are. Truckers hats. Yeah. For those of us that like truckers like truckers hats, which apparently we do. They're nice. One size fits all. There you go. What about FlexFit? I did the FlexFit for a while, but you know, I got a small head. Wait, FlexFit has two sizes, though. I know. Yeah. So you're ready to get the small medium or the large XL. I don't know nothing about the, you're not even about that at all. Don't know anything about it. Turn your back to it. Putty's hat, snob, or your. Yeah, hoodies lightweight. And do you find youth for lightweight, pretty? Definitely all the time. You're around. Yes, sir. I agree. No, I don't want to agree with that one. Do they have a nipers? Yeah. Some of the, well, yes. So the ones we have, yes, they have a zipper. I'm a fan of the zipper. The zipper light hoodie with the pockets. I agree. I honestly, I don't even have any of my own in my apparel line at the moment, but I'm a fan of those. Yeah. Big enough. Yeah. Well, thank you. Dang. You know, I mean, I'm to see their teacher or heavy hoodie. That's a real. Yeah. All functional. And I get it. You know, but that's like a gift. I'm a zip. A zip that a non or a zipping lightweight. I'm a fucking little bit. Yeah. Play some warm guard without. For sure. And, you know, hopefully it looks good. Hopefully you like the design. But you will be representing while you're on the path. Not a good stuff on their jocco store.com. Some patches on there too. I reordered some more patches. They're coming in. I made a mistake. I made a mistake. I don't want to go too deep into it. But it resulted in your patches not being available for a little while. They're going to be available. You know, you can't buy what's not available. Yeah. Good. Yeah. That's what they're telling me too. And I was like, dang, okay. All right. So, you know, you learn something new every day. And, you know, speaking of which right on top of things. Trying to be trying to be, but anyway, smash the like button. Oh my god. I keep saying that to me. Oh, she doesn't even know what that may. I think she have way knows what that means. She's like smash the like button. I was like, right, the video that you're pretending to make doesn't even have a like button. No, no, you need to just, I got to cut it out. No, no, no, I got to stop her from saying that. That's what I can say. But if you're in the mood to smash the like button, if you want to subscribe to this podcast, you can. So do that if you want. On wherever you listen to podcasts. Don't forget about the Warrior Kid podcast, which there are now three new Warrior Kid podcast live at this time. Yeah, good one. Stories from Uncle Jake. Yeah. Stories that teach lessons on interview with John Bozack, the Warrior Kid artists that drew Mike in the Dragons talking about how to get better at art. How to use art as a tool to better it other things. Yeah. That was good. And those good that those like, are you, do you do any art? I didn't draw in my books. No, but I mean, yeah, I can draw. He sent me a man and I'm going to post this online. Everybody can oil paintings. Oh, for real? Yeah, like, have you? Have you been into that for like a long time? Is that like a new situation? I did my first painting in 2000 Easter of 2016. Yeah. It's what kind of new. Oh, yeah. It's not like, oh, when I was three, I did my name on definitely not. Jockel has the original logo where I have the original logo of Eschalon front. Jockel's design. Actually, these lines some other stuff too. Yeah. That's hard to quit. So he drew it. Right. But so, the disconnect was that I drew it. I didn't draw with my hand. I drew it on the computer. Like, I drew it on PowerPoint. Like, it's so bad. Wait, it's so funny because when I first go and he first sent it to me, I'm like, I, of course, you drew it on PowerPoint. You know, it's not like you have one of those pads and stuff. You're Jockel. You don't have that kind of stuff. So, but it's not as obvious when you get it. You just get the finished product and it literally looks like my daughter drew it with her left hand. She's right at it. By the way. And, but the concept was legitimate. It was sound. That's like what the National Unfront logo is at this time. So you're pushing and men received. But the story is I tried to explain it to you nine different times and you kept sending me back junk. Yeah. Well, I mean, I said, okay, pictures worth a thousand words. I don't feel like explaining this a thousand times. Let's just send them a rudimentary sketch of the concept, which you then chisel about into, you know, glory. Yeah. emphasis on rudimentary, by the way, but the comedic part of it is how it looked. It looked like a child drew it. So now, anytime, like, if you ask, why have you been into art? Boom, that flashes in my head and he says, yes, boom, makes it more funny. I'm going to post it online so we all can have a good laugh. Unless, yes, work it about gases out. That interview with John Bozac is very good. Like, especially like, because it is he talks about getting like frustrated with stuff. And so that's all just for him. It's a little kid's job. It was good. Don't forget about where your kid's soap from Irish Oaks Ranch.com that young Aiden is making on his farm. If you get soap, you can stay clean. Of course. Also, we have a YouTube channel. If you're interested in the video version, you're going to see what Mitch looks like. Hell yeah, I'm handsome. You might be the buffist guess we were at right? buffist guess? Yeah, out of 185. Yeah, we've only had like probably 10 or 15. Yeah. I don't get it. Don't get it. So yeah, yeah, I don't get it. You know how many fucking times people, you, Tim Kennedy need to fight. And I'm like, have you seen Tim Kennedy's way bigger than me first of all? Fight to 85. I know. Yeah. And what do you fight at? 70, yeah. I have fought at 185 as well as a champion at 185 too. I walk around close to 200. Yeah, that was. No, Tim is like 215. He's a big dude. I've met him. Just in passing. shook his hand one time. But yeah, he's a big dude. I was always told me like that's not where you have like kind of like similar stories. Like there's it wouldn't make sense for us, stuff like that. Yeah, we just want to see. Yeah, see what a cycle of the warfare is an album with tracks. Wait, wait, no, back to YouTube. We have a YouTube channel. I'm going to, I'm going to, what do you, what I call explain the value of YouTube? You just did. You can see what Mitch looks like. That's just part of the value. That's just like a big part. I mean, that was going to shake. Don't, don't, don't undersell that. Yeah, it's huge. But, you know, we have to mix our son there's what I was going to say. You know, if you don't watch the whole, I'd guess there's excerpts on there. Anyway, I'm going to get some of them are enhanced by echo. Yeah. Who puts his artwork onto the video and they might be slightly better than my original echelon front logo. Yeah. And maybe a little bit better. That is, I'm over enhanced. Yes, some people think. Yes. Some people think they're under enhanced. Yes. Oh, the group. Regardless. No less. We have a YouTube channel. That's the point. Yeah. If you want to, you can smash, like, let it, sure comment, subscribe, whatever the three things it was in. Anyway, yeah, psychological warfare is an album with tracks. If you're, grinding into moments of weakness, put in psychological warfare, you'll, it'll solve your problem. No weakness. Weakness overcome. If you want the visual version of that, go to flipsidecampus.com. My brother Dakota Meyer has a little company where he's making things that you hang on your wall. Artistic. Some people call him artistic things. And you can get those. If you want him to make a special one. Yeah. Hit him up on Twitter. Do some custom events. Like, if it seems to get some traction, yeah, he can put it out. Yeah, he's good. He's doing good stuff. Yeah. On there. Yeah. I took him out from time to time. Flipsidecampus.com. Dude, yeah. Also on it. So you got to on it..com slash jockey. You get a lot of good stuff on there, including kettlebells, other work out stuff and bring my room. I'm going to Hawaii by the way for one month. I know people people really don't, they, they undersell Hawaii. I feel like I feel that with the same way when I went there for the first time I was blown away. Where'd you go? Maui and uh, uh, Hawaii. I'm going to go. Yeah. One month. I heard that's beautiful. Yes sir. It is. So I'm bringing the rings. You're request by the way. That was one of the selling points of rings. This is that you can bring them places too. That wasn't really my request. It was a statement. Yeah. statement. Recommendation. Recommendation should be reluctant. Recommendation. You sure did. And it was a really, it was a legitimate recommendation. On the last, I'm taking it. I'm taking them to Hawaii. Anyway, point is the rings I have from on it. You can get those. You can get kettlebells. You can get. I have this K. They have this mineral electrolyte, uh, like mix. Right. And I think I might have just enhanced what I call the mega mix. It's the pre-workout mega mix. There's two. There's one for G just one for lifting. The one for G just to his disobey one scoop of discipline. A little bit of gatorade. So it's a half gatorade half water mix. Optional gatorade. Some people don't like gatorade. Some people. Yeah. And that's cool. I don't know. But you can put lemon juice in there if you want. Sure. Um, like I said, the discipline, the electrolytes from on it. And then, uh, I want to add your greens. I'll hook you up. Yeah. That'll be the mega mega mix. That's pre-judicity. Is there a certain time where you got to take those greens? No. This whenever you get a mint, I'll dig it over there. So that's going to be the pre-judicity. The pre-lifting is essentially the same thing except you put a like a caffeinated pre-workout in it. If you're into it. Anyway. Anyway, back to on it. That's where you get it. There's a lot of cool stuff on there. You're quite a large, large human being yourself, man. Looking good. Yeah. But I don't sound big though. Thank you. I respect that. I'm sorry. Does my voice not match how I look? You know, I can't say because- Because you saw me. I saw you. You started talking. Yeah. It's kind of ingrained. Yeah. All right. There you go. Maybe not though. Had you not spoke. I'd been like, Dan. Yeah. The studio's probably fucking got a jacked voice. Yeah. Yeah. Like, talk comes into it. Yeah. But it's melodious. It's not jacked. That's all right. I have a high pitch voice. melodious. Yeah. Very melodious. Yeah. Interesting. Anyway, yeah. Got some books. Way the Warrior Kid 3. It's out. It's called the Way there's a will. Teaching kids about how to go horager. That's a little lesson in this book. Yeah. You got to push harder and also teach them about their ego and how their ego will get them in trouble. Everyone wishes they would learn about ego earlier because it makes your life better. Of course, there's a way the Warrior could want to wear the Warrior Kid to marks mission. Those books are four kids to learn to get on the path. If they're a little bit younger than that, you can get a Mikey in the dragons. They can learn about how to overcome their fear. There's actual pragmatic protocols that you can take as a human being to overcome what you're afraid of. Why not learn that when you're five years old? Yeah. That's my question. Why not? Because you didn't know about about the book Mikey in the Dragons. Now you know about it. Your kids are just out there conquering fears, which is a positive thing. Yeah. And that's a good one too because you can like, you know, if you have a bedtime routine, you can read to your, you know, four or five year old before they can read. It's one where you can read it. Not only can you read the whole thing. If you're like a 50, 50 minute, you know, but they'll want to hear it again. So it's like a, you know, so when you're really while you're reading it over and over again, that lesson won't be in, you know, ingrained and instilled deeper and deeper. Rather than just one of the many books. Reposition. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Then we got the disc, my disc's freedom field manual. If you go, hey, Jocco, can you post your workouts? Yes, they're in the disc, my disc's freedom field manual. Hey, Jocco, what do you think you should do in a situation like this? Oh, it's in the disc, my disc's freedom field manual. Hey, Jocco, what do you eat? It's in the manual. What's your sleep routine? It's in the manual. Do you take naps? It's in the manual. It's all in there. So the disc's freedom field manual, the guide to getting after it. If you want the audio version of that, it's on iTunes and Amazon music and all the MP3 things. And then of course, we got extreme ownership and that I got to me a little of leadership written by me and my brother, Lave Babin. Those are going to help you become a better leader in your business with your family and in your life. Watch it happen. Of course, we have Escalon front, which is my leadership consultancy and what we do is solve problems through leadership because all the problems that you're having in your life right now in an organization are leadership problems. I don't care what they are. And if you want to solve those problems, you have to fix your leadership. And that's what we do. It's me, Lave Babin, JPE to now Dave Burke. Good deal, yes. Flynn, Cochran, Mike, Surrely, Mike, Bima and Jason Gardner go to Escalonfront.com for details. We also have EF Online, which is online leadership training, which is something that's hard to comprehend, how are you going to take leadership and teach people leadership from an online thing, an online training program? Well, you read about it, you take tests on it and then you get put in scenarios, interactive scenarios on the computer. We have to make decisions. So that's a EF Online, then we have the Master, which is a leadership conference to leadership event. Gathering, gathering, gathering, gathering, it's all in the section of the Masters. What it is, it's a Master. But it's the Master. The Master, Leadership, they've all sold out and they're all going to sell out the next one to September, 19th and 20th in Denver. After that, December, 4th and 5th in Sydney, Australia, check out extremeownership.com for details if you want to come. Don't wait to register because then you won't be able to go and you'll be mad at me. And you'll send me a, like let's say you're my friend. Let's say you're someone I actually know. Sure, I'm basically. And we're doing a Master up in San Francisco. And you send me a Texas. Hey, sorry for letting you know late. You said you're going to hook me up with some tickets. It's cool. I can make it and I'm bringing two friends. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm like, well, first of all, no, because it's literally sold out. It's not like, hey, it's sold out, but we can still let people in. That's not sold out. It's sold out. Yeah. So don't wait. And then, of course, we have EF Overwatch where we take proven combat leaders from special operations from combat aviation and put them into companies in the civilian sector that need leadership leadership is the most important thing on the battlefield. Why not get battle tested leaders to help out you inside your business? Go to EF Overwatch.com. And if you want to ask me a question, us a question, you want to give me an answer? Did I mess something up today? Probably you want to let me know about that? Please bring it. Mitch, as he said, he is on Instagram. Mitch underscore aggrgu.aiar. And echo when I are, what were on Twitter and Instagram. And on dash, fish, bookin. Echo is at echo Charles. And I am at juggle willink echo. Anything else? Nothing else. Thank you. Thank you guys for having me very much. I really appreciate the hospitality and opportunity. Right home. Awesome. Well, Mitch, thanks for coming on, appreciate it. And thanks for your work in the teams. And I'm sure you're going to keep putting forth maximum effort to smash people in the cage. Look forward to seeing that. And to all the other vets out there and to those that are still in uniform. Thank you for standing watch over freedom for our great nation and to our police and law enforcement and firefighters and paramedics and EMT's and dispatchers and correctional officers and border patrol secret service. And all the first responders, I travel around the country and I run into you all the time. And I see what you're doing out there working and working hard. And the reason that we live safely here in our country is you. So thank you for holding the line here at home. And everyone else out there, remember that you can't hit the pause button. And it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter at all if you get knocked down or you get tripped up or you think that something isn't fair. It doesn't matter. You still don't get to stop. So get back up, bite down on your mouthpiece and go get after it. And until next time, this is Mitch Aguior, Enekko and Joko out.