 This is Jocco podcast number 297. With echo Charles and me, Jocco Willink. Good evening echo. Good evening. I was walking through Washington Square when a puff of smoke issuing from the factory building caught my eye. I reached the building before the alarm was turned in. I saw every feature of the tragedy visible from outside the building. I learned a new sound. A more horrible sound than description can picture. It was the fud of a speeding living body on a stone sidewalk. Fud dead, fud dead, fud dead, 62, fud dead. I called them that because the sound and the thought of death came to me each time at the same instant. There was plenty of chance to watch them as they came down. The height was 80 feet. The first ten thud dead shocked me. I looked up, saw that there were scores of girls at the windows. The flames from the floor below were beating in their faces. Somehow I knew that they too must come down and something within me. Something that I didn't know was there, steeled me. I even watched one girl falling, waving her arms, trying to keep her body upright, until the very instant she struck the sidewalk. She was trying to balance herself. Then came the thud, a silent, unmoving pile of clothing and twisted a broken limbs. As I reached the scene of the fire, a cloud of smoke hung over the building. I looked up to the seventh floor. There was a living picture in each window, four screaming heads of girls waving their arms. Call the firemen, they screamed, scores of them, get a ladder, cried others. They were all as alive and whole and sound as where we who stood on the sidewalk. I couldn't help thinking of that. We cried to them not to jump. We heard the siren of a fire engine in the distance. The others, the other sirens sounded from several directions. Here they come, we yell, don't jump, stay there. One girl climbed out on the window sash. Those behind her tried to hold her back. Then she dropped into space. I didn't notice whether those above watched her drop because I had turned away. Then came that first thud. I looked up another girl was climbing onto the window sill. Others were crowding behind her, she dropped. I watched her fall again, the dreadful sound. Two windows away, two girls were climbing onto the sill. They were fighting each other and crowding for air. Behind them I saw many screaming heads. They almost fell together. But I heard two distinct thuds. Then the flames burst out of the windows on the floor below them. And curled up into their faces. The firemen began to raise a ladder. Others took out a life net and, while they were rushing to the ground, they were rushing to the sidewalk with it two more girls shot down. The firemen held it under them. The bodies broke it. The grotesque, similarly, of a dog jumping through a hoop struck me. Before they could move the net, another girl's body flashed through it. The thuds were just as loud. It seemed as if there had been no net there. It seemed to me that the thuds were so loud that they might have been heard all over the city. I'd counted ten. Then my dulled senses began to work automatically. I noticed things that it had not occurred to me before to notice little details that the first shock had blinded me to. I looked up to see whether those above watched those who fell. I noticed that they did. They watched them every inch of the way down and probably heard the roaring thuds that we heard. As I looked up, I saw a love affair in the midst of all the horror. A young man helped a girl to the window sill. Then he held her out deliberately away from the building. And let her drop. He seemed cool and calculating. He held out a second girl the same way. And let her drop. Then he held out a third girl who did not resist. I noticed that. They were as unresisting as if you were helping them onto a street car instead of into eternity. Undoubtedly, he saw that a terrible death awaited them in the flames. And his was only a terrible, shivari. Then came the love amid the flames. He brought another girl to the window. Those of us who were looking saw her put her arms about him and kiss him. Then he held her out into space and dropped her. But quick as a flash, he was on the window sill himself. His coat fluttered upward. The air filled his trouser legs. I could see that he wore tan shoes and hoes. His hat remained on his head. Thought dead. Together they went into eternity. I saw his face before they covered it. You could see in it that he was a real man. He had done his best. We found out later that in the room which he stood. Many girls were being burned to death by the flames. And we're screaming in the inferno of flame and heat. He chose the easiest way and was brave enough to even help the girl he loved to a quicker death. After she'd given him a goodbye kiss. He leaped with an energy as if to arrive first in that mysterious land of eternity. But her thug dead came first. The fireman raised the longest ladder. They reached only to the sixth floor. I saw the last girl jump and miss it. And then the face is disappeared from the window. But now the crowd was enormous. Though all this had occurred in less than seven minutes, the start of the fire and the fudds and the deaths. I heard screams around the corner and hurried there. What I had seen before was not so terrible as what followed. Up in the ninth floor, girls were burning to death before our very eyes. They were jammed in the windows. No one was lucky enough to be able to jump, it seemed. But one by one, the jam's broke, downcame the bodies in a shower, burning, smoking, flaming bodies with the shavled hair, trailing upward. They had fought each other to die by jumping instead of fire. The whole sound, unharmed girls who had jumped on the other side of the building had tried to fall feet down. But these fire tortures suffering one's fell innertly. Only intent that death should come to them on the sidewalk instead of in the furnace behind them. On the sidewalk layheaps of broken bodies. A policeman later went about with tags which he fastened with wires to the wrists of the dead girls, numbering each with a lead pencil. And I saw him fastened tag number 54 to the wrist of a girl who wore an engagement ring. A fireman who came down the stairs from the building told me that there were at least 50 bodies in the big room on the 7th floor. Another fireman told me that more girls had jumped down the air shaft at the rear of the building. I went back there into the narrow court and saw heaps of dead girls. The floods of water from the fireman's hose that ran into the gutter were actually stained red with blood. I looked upon the heap of dead bodies and I remembered these girls were shirt-waste makers. I remembered their great strike of last year in which these same girls had demanded more sanitary conditions and more safety precautions in the shops. These dead bodies were the answer. And that is an article. The first person to count obviously about the nightmare of a fire at the triangle shirt-waste company, the Greenwich Village, New York City. And the story came from United Press reporter William Shepherd who happened to be there. Just watching the disaster unfold and who foned in the details to a young newspaper employee by the name of Roy Howard, who telegraphed the story to the nation's newspapers. And that article was first published in the Milwaukee Journal March 27, 1911. And the fire killed 146 garment workers. 123 women. 23 men. The oldest victim was 43 years old, the youngest 14 years old. Many were recent Italian or Jewish immigrants. And part of the reason that they were up there even as this fire consumed the buildings, that many of the doors to the stairwells and the exit doors in the factory were locked shut. In order to prevent workers from taking unauthorized breaks or to stop them from maybe stealing some of the goods that they were making. Just a complete nightmare. And we try and find some good in that story. If there is any to be found, it's that that fire led to eventual improvements of safety standards in these types of factories. And this singular event was a catalyst for massive growth of the international ladies garment workers union. And that union got together and fought and were successful in improving working conditions in these types of swept shops. And over time in America, these conditions did improve. And this is also a story of the incredible sacrifices that American workers have made over time to build this great country. And to build our great economy. And if you look universally, you can see improvements in the conditions that people work in America. But we have to remember that there are other areas of the world that have not made any of these improvements. And much of the labor conditions overseas, especially when it comes to garment industry, is the conditions are still brutal. There's a group called anti-slavery international. And they report that about a fifth of the cotton production in the world can be linked to forced labor. For example, much of the forced labor in China, those are ethnic wiggers. Those are those are the slaves over in China, no safety training, no safety protocol. Exposure to harmful chemical, bad air, extreme work hours, nine to 12 hours a day, six days a week. It's bad. Conditions that are illegal in this country. But it's the standard overseas in many places. And why am I talking about this? Because we have been trying to do something about it. And we actually have been doing something about it for a few years. Who's we? It's, well, it's myself. And the rest of the incredible team, including the team that actually works the machines at origin USA, incredible group that gets this worked on. And takes pride in this work. And the team at origin USA in Jocco Fuel is who's making a difference right now. And that includes my main partner in these two endeavors, Peter Roberts. And he is here. Once again, to get us up to date on this fight, to improve the condition of manufacturing and bring it back to America where we have a positive work environment. We have a good work environment. We have a work environment where when you walk the floors, you have people with pride and smiles on their faces in the job that they're doing. So, Pete, thanks for coming back, man. It's been a while. It's been a while. It'd be back. It's been way too long. Well, if you haven't listened to, so you first came on the podcast was podcast 93. You on podcast 93, podcast 141, podcast 94. Those are about a year apart each. September 2017, September 2018, September 2019 is when they came out. We recorded them all in late August, which is right now. Late August 2021, we're recording this. We recorded all of them at the origin, Gigiitsu Camp, immersion camp up here in Maine. And we didn't record last year at all because it was the year of COVID 2020. And so we didn't do camp. Did I come up? What? I came up one time in 2020 for some reason. Didn't I? I don't think. I don't think so. I think it's true. No, because you would have seen the expanded facility. That's right. I came up and saw you in Montana. And I came up with a Cialifonia just at the beginning March of 2020 for the vitamin shop launch. I must have come out right before COVID hit. Because I remember being up here in the winter because we were walking through the snow. We walked down high street. We'll go get most of that. Yeah. Um, but if you haven't listened to those podcasts, if you want to know why P tier, if you want to know how we ended up joining forces and doing what we're doing, go back and listen to 93141, then 194, if you've listened to those, if you've been tracking, if you've heard any of echo, Charles, talking about various, various gear to purchase. Yeah. Yeah. Then this is what we've been talking about. So you probably are somewhat aware of the situation that's going on. Um, but a lot has happened last two years since we did a podcast. And just wanted to talk bring you on, talk about what we've been doing. The progress that we've made, the setbacks we've had, the lessons that we've learned and where we're planning to go from here. I mean, what's when you think about 2021 and I mean, 2020, everyone, you know, big negative on 2020, everyone hated it, et cetera, all kinds of issues, but heading into 2020, coming out of 2019, we had a ton of really positive momentum, a lot of positive growth, things were kind of on a really solid track of trajectory was looking outstanding. And so that was, we were in a pretty good place. Now, we also had some, we also had some missteps. I know you like to call them tuition payments. Yes. Did something to tuition payments last time I was on. I filled you in on the jeans tuition payment. Remember we did that real time. Yeah. What was it? It had to make like 500 pairs of jeans before we got it right. Yep. That grew a little bit. We have been, we have been struggling with, and we paid some tuition payments on moke bars. We did. And you know, actually when you were, when you were reading that, I couldn't stop, but, you know, I could help to think about my, my great, yeah, yeah. And she was an immigrant from, from Sparta, Greece. So, yeah, yeah, is Greek. For a, is that just like a year ago? For some of the gamers that everybody, but no, everybody, that's Greek, has it, you call me, yeah, just thrown out, yeah, yeah, around. Yeah, no, we're on my map. She lived to, she lived to 105. So, my, it might, has got to meet her. Is the aunt of, that's the mother of my aunt, Kay, who just turned 90, you sent that video to. No, your mom's in the year, your mom's great aunt. Yes, she's she's, oh, yeah, she's in the game. She loves, she's like, oh, she's like, oh, she's listening to this podcast right now. Oh, if I ever get to meet Jock, I've gotta put that makeup on. I gotta make sure I look good. It's just turned 90 day. And so she has trusted me with, it's really with a crocheted blanket that my, my great, I was like a low, middle girl. So she worked in these mills, you speak of as an immigrant in the very early 1900s and low Massachusetts. And she uses this story took place in 1911. Exactly. And that's I just thinking about this the whole time. She used to pick up the skinners like the little bit of yarn and she'd, she'd take it home with her and she'd, she'd crochet and make blankets and stuff. So you have one of those happy in my office. Yeah, I got it. She said, I think it might have been been during last year at some point. She, she's shifted up to me. She'd been trying to figure out who she should give it to and trust it to basically. Then she saw that you had a freaking balloon. I got it. So I've got it. I've got it up in there. What an incredible thread of on personal history. Yeah. I'm gonna frame it at some point when we build a massive new factory. It'll be hanging in the front lobby. That's that's like incredible. So that story is that's Yaya. Could it? Exactly. That's what I was thinking about. Like the working conditions, of course, have improved since then. But when people ask me, why would someone want to work in a factory? I think about, well, you know, I, I, I, I talk about my grandparents and great grandparents who all work in factories, tannories and mills. And they always said to their kids, our parents, the baby boomers, don't work in the factories. But they always romanticized about working in the factories. And I never could figure out why did they romanticize about it and always reflect on it. But then tell their kids not to do it. I didn't understand until right now. That's why. Because the generation before them, their parents were dealing with shit like that. You know, just terrible work in conditions, hot bare feet. The woman up in Louis, then Maine Rachel DeGrosier, she told me a story about the baits mill in Louis, then where we got our first loom from. And she said, one of the girls used to run up the hill for her shift. And her sister would run down the hill and she'd pass her shoes off. And then she'd come down into the mill and work. And it was just survival. Yeah. So not only was it hard work, but you didn't have enough money to buy a pair of shoes. Exactly. And what's really interesting about this is like we were up at the factory the other day at the boot plan. And Andy was telling a story. Andy who overseas all that production. Yeah. He was telling a story that the first step in getting a pair of boots produced is a tag gets pronounced. So when order comes in, that order gets printed out. And Andy's all about efficiency. And the orders would have the the human beings name on it that order. So if echo Charles ordered a pair of boots, it would say echo Charles size 11, bison, this soul, whatever, give and then everyone knows what to make. And he just, you know, to save ink or whatever. Look it out. And make that tag a little bit smaller. So we don't need to know the person's name. Why is that important? And the, and the workers said, hey, what are you doing? We want to know who we're making this. We want to know who Jim Smith. We want to know that we're making Jim Smith's boots. And that shows you what their mind said is right. The mind said is that they're personally connected. They're they're, they're personally engaged in making the product quality product. They want to know who, who by name, who it's going to. You know, the thing is is after, like after, you know, the whole national shutdown last year. And we pivoted and I'm sure we'll talk about pivoting to make it some face coverings. But then we came back to the footwear plant. We dealt with some major issues getting back in a production. It just wasn't running smooth. And it almost like there was at that point, a lot of people home, they're collecting, you know, the additional unemployment, the additional unemployment money. They didn't have to be at work with everyone. So I said, time out. And I talked to Andy and I said, we need to get them more engaged. I said, so we're going to shut down production for a whole day. They're going to pick their leather, the team here, and they're going to make boots for each other. They can make them for themselves. And then you can make them for a loved one. And I want to see what happens. We'll just what happened. Every single boot off the line was the first quality boot. And so it was kind of a flank. I gathered them all at the end of the day. They have huge smiles on their faces. And I said, what do you guys think about that? And they're like, that was awesome. I said, you made footwear for each other. And they're like, yeah, and I said, and you injected soul into it, because you cared. They're like, yeah, and I said, and that's what we need to do for every customer. And now every every name on there and you know, when any strip that off, like put that name back on, we're going to inject soul into this thing. We need to know there's a, there's a real human behind it. So yeah, you know what, you are making boots for each other, right? Yeah. And now you're going to make boots for America. Exactly. And in production improved and quality improved. And yeah, man, it was phenomenal, little little team building flank. I guess you could say, yeah, that's awesome. What prior to COVID hitting though, we got hit. Like we made some missteps on Mulkbar. So a little background is we want to make Mulkbar's, right? Protein bars good for you. I have probably ridiculously high standards of what I want them to be. And I just want to eat a damn candy bar. Yeah, you want to eat a candy bar. Well, and I also have high standards that I wanted to taste like a candy bar, but I don't want to use any sugar. I want to have a certain amount of protein in it. Wanted to be natural. So it's a really tough thing to do. And we kept trying to crack this formula. And probably probably the biggest mistake we made, I would say is we bought a butt. We kind of settled on a bar. We did that was hell a good as they say in California. This thing was hell a good. It kind of tasted like a racist peanut butter cup. But it was bigger. And it was had no sugar in it. And it was covered in thick chocolate. I mean, it was redonkyless man. It was good to go. So we thought, okay, this is it. And but the problem was it was it was really difficult to make. And a bunch of bar producers around the country, we don't do it. Couldn't do it. Can't do it. Won't do it. Couldn't stand behind it. So of course, what do we do? Well, we'll just do it ourselves. I don't know. And invest in the machinery. Get it done. And there is there is a there. Being naive is definitely a superpower. But being ignorant and arrogant is definitely not that there's a balance. It's sometimes the line gets crossed. So you know, we've been on such a solid run. The line did get crossed. And when that thing went off to shelf life testing, it didn't work. And basically, if I tried to sum this up, we were doing a process called extruding. Yeah. Which means you squeeze out this tasty like the peanut butter cut part that middle part. Yeah. You squeeze that out through a machine and it kind of just plus city extruder. Yeah. Well, the problem was when you do that, you squeeze out a lot of the natural fluid inside of it and the oils that the oils get squeezed out. And so when you put it on the shelf for the shelf life test, after whatever, two, three months, which is how long it needs to taste good for. And he actually needs to stay longer for that. Yeah. As soon as we got to two, three months, it was like, hey, this doesn't taste the same. This is dry. Wait a second. You're there's a new mark. You're refurbishing those old mills because it turned into a brick. Yeah. It was not. It was not good. So we, uh, I just actually told Joe on Friday before camp. I said, hey, man, let's get this equipment on pallets and get it wrapped and, uh, make make way for some other thing. So it was a tuition payment that we learned from and because of that, we, we recruited, we hired a recruited a food scientist that came in from Arizona. Um, another food scientist who serves for quality. It was kind of a point where looking at the organizational structure as we're growing was like, we've got to have the right people in the right places if we're going to start doing shit like this. Um, we've been, we've been shot gunning it for so long and just just grinding it out. That really was a defining moment in how we need to start thinking, we're got stores ready to buy this. We got, well, I mean, vitamin shot. They're like, one of the bars coming. One of the, I'm never ready to place a purchase order for these things. Imagine if we had just done it and sent it out and, like, mold it or something. Well, if you didn't mold even if it just tasted, it just tasted dry or just cropped it would have been bad. The latest version, because we're still on the, oh, we're talking. Yeah. There's the latest version that I had was freaking legit and it's weird because it's like a bar but it tastes like a relatively dense brownie. Uh, it tastes like a, oh, I'm trying to do it. Brownie. When you say it, it sounds better. It broke. No, I'm saying, and then it's coated with chocolate. Yeah. It's freaking nuts. It's good. It's really good. Yeah. And we're ready to go, but we've slowed down to speed up. Yeah. Just making sure we get it right this time. Yeah. Because we got people that we are waiting on that one. Yeah. My self included. Yeah. Yeah. That one is freaking good. All right. So we hit the mall bar. It took us a while. We learned some lessons there. Um, little too aggressive, little too, little too arrogant on what we, what we thought we could get away with and what we thought we knew. And you know what, that's, we've also succeeded with that a bunch. You know, you're going to take some losses. Yeah. You know, you go, I take risks a lot of risk. We've taken a lot of risks along the way. Everyone's why you're going to get an L upper board. What's the big L? Oh, we're going to sell that equipment. What do you can do with it? We're just going to, yeah, we'll sell it. We'll probably sell it. We're going to have to sell it. That's going to be a loss. Yeah. Penny's on the dollar. Anyone need an extruder right there? The package in machine was the big one. Ah, a beautiful packaging machine. All right. So if anyone's looking for that, let us know we get some stuff. Sure. We should just talk about the other tuition payment then, which other one? The, the, the, the can tuition payment. Yeah. Well, that was in the middle of COVID. Yes. It was before we get there. Before we get there, let's talk about Wincovitt hit. Because we made a, we made a freaking legit pivot pivot. I'm, I'm telling you my recollection. Um, two months before COVID hit America. Yep. I had three or four friends, couple seals, maybe like a seal, doctor, medic, someone else sent me, you know, taxed email, whatever, saying like, hey, dude, you should make masks. And you and I had a very quick discussion. I said, hey, man, there's this thing going on overseas. And what I was thinking is we'd ship them overseas. That was the conversation that I had with my friends was like, all of a sudden, hey, they're going to need these masks. And you pulled up a couple examples of N95 masks. Because that was kind of what was being asked for. So now it was, all right, well, you, you said to me, hey, we'd have to like tool up for it. We got to buy these machinery. We were already kind of paranoid about buy more machinery that we could freaking question we have to go sell later. And you just looked at like, hey, man, this is probably a no go. It's going to be an investment buy machinery to make these masks. And I said, all right, Roger, you know, no factor. And then, and then COVID started, well, now you fast forward a couple months. And we could check emails. I think I was maybe two months ahead of it. You had it, you, I thought you got to call from like a friend of the department at the fence or something. That happened a little later. Okay. So then as it started ramping up in America, well, that was probably, yeah, you're right. That was probably one of, I got to call from the DO to friend from the DOD, a friend that's a doctor, a friend that's a seal medic overseas, and like someone else. So there was, there was definitely a triangulation that I should have paid attention to. And I did, you know, and talking about it, but you know, sometimes you just look at something, you think that's, that's probably not, not the best move. And that's what you said, you were like, hey, man, we'd have to buy this plastic. It probably was, I think, I had been called an extruder. I was like, no more extruders. We're not doing a rant. Forget about it. So we, we said, no, but then so COVID then starts hitting America. And then I had another conversation with you. Because now you started hearing people start to talk about masks, right? Oh, you should wear anything. Cut up a t-shirt, put it around your face. Yeah. So that, and I forget the pattern that happened here. But I do remember I said, bro, we just need to make something to put over your face. And then you were like, okay. And then I, this is when we were in locked, and now we're in like a lock down. Yeah. So I, I actually had to get a cable news, because I didn't have cable news, but I wanted to see what the hell was going on. So then I'm watching freaking Fauci. And he's like, don't wear masks. They don't help. And then I call the text you were calling like, hey, dude, they're saying masks. Don't do anything to forget it. And you're like, okay, cool. And then the next week, it was like five days later, it might have been Monday to Friday, because it was Friday that I was like, hey, bro, they're saying you have to swear something over your face. Let's go. And you're like, on it. And then you designed them over that weekend. That was a Friday. Yeah. That's Monday. Designed on Friday. I had the team come in, move all the machines around. And we started cutting and sewing, shut down all the divisions. We had, we had sat down in my office myself and in Don, our CFO and talked about what happens if like things get crazy. What happens if things get crazy? What happens if if supply chains shut down? How does that gonna affect what we're doing? And the last thing, you know, you want to do is get caught in the chaos of supply chains. And I remember we sat down and we actually looked at our projections for the year. And we started cutting 10%, 20%, 30%, we cut all the way up to 70% of our projections out. And then we found a way to continue to survive. Yeah, survival, survival. And then yeah, because by the way, now we'll sudden every jujitsu school in America shut down exactly. And we knew which was crazy. 52% of our business for origin is martial arts is jujitsu's geese. It's crazy statistic. 52% and we're like, this is gonna, it's gonna shut down and we're gonna lose hard course. So we, we found out that like it was 70% we could afford to lose. We figured out how we could believe things out. And ultimately that Friday pivot, we were the first ones in America to make face coverings. Really. And it was cool, cool design. We, I mean, I mean, we made what a quarter of a million, maybe over a quarter of a million of them. The factory came together. And it was, honestly, it was the most beautiful thing we've done as a team. It was really inspiring. It was like a freaking beehive when you walked in that place in the morning, ripping out 10,000 a day. Yeah, you said it. You said it. You mean, you, you know, at lunchtime, you be like, we're at 3,970. We did it on. Yeah, it was, I mean, it was, it was crazy, you know, and in, I mean, it went, it went fast. It was six, seven days a week, working long days. We had the fire departments and in the hospital. We, we decided to pivot and we took the collar phone from the ghee, like the whole collar. We did that. We shielded. Yeah. We, we got, we ordered bulk, um, lamination paper. We had, we had five laminators set up. And you just put the lamination paper and the laminators. Then we took those. And then we just stitched a piece of geek collar on them and put a piece of underwear last weekend talking from our tides and filling up boxes and sending those to the hospital. So they had face face shields. You know, it was, it was phenomenal to be part of just that, what I felt like was almost a wartime effort. It was this sense of, nobody knew what was going to happen. Yeah. No, I was going to say in the early days, you know, now you can look at him, be like, well, mass, no, mass. Yeah. But at that time, it was like, uh, everybody's on the same page. You need to wear something over your face. You're all too catch this stuff. Yeah. Right. Everyone was saying that in the hospitals. They didn't have it. And first responders didn't have it. No. So we were donating thousands of these face to first responders, don't even stuff the hospitals. And and people were buying it as well because now companies needed to keep their employees coming in if they were in business. That was what did they call the critical need or was the essential essential worker. They needed to supply masks to their people. So they started ordering it was freaking crazy. I had one guy. He was on the fire department. He drove up to the factory and he parked outside. And we like transferred some face coverings to him. And he had he he was in the back of his truck and he like had the hatch open. This was like black plague. This was why this is when people, this was a black plague. I think I remember that the guys like have stuff, you said it to me. Maybe. Oh, you're like, we're doing a test with this stuff right now. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm like, this is freaking crazy. He's got like this little smoke puffer thing. Yeah. How much smoke goes through it like to see if the virus can get through. I mean, it was it was wild. I always know, I'll tell you what I've always been into like post apocalyptic movies. I was like, I'm having, I'm having so much fun right now. Just doing this. I mean, obviously that was shortly if it became really annoying to not be doing what we'd love to do, you know, and be stocking and lock down and all that bullshit, but we got through it. Yeah. And so this thing going from making GD2G, because you ended up shutting down, all lines, all lines, all lines just to make face, face, face, that's what we were doing. Sheels and face coverings. We shut down one line at a time over the course of maybe five to eight days, I think. Including the food. I remember you and I would be talking and you'd be like, oh, you'd be like, what do you think? How much material should we use? How much, what's your, and how many do you think we're going to sell? And you know, you and I are just literally throwing our best guests and bedding hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of material on how long this is going to last, because it wasn't, didn't take, you know, you fast forward from black plague day, whenever that was when it just everyone thought and then you fast forward a few weeks. And I remember saying, hey, man, this mask thing, it ain't gonna stick. Like there's other, there's other reports are coming out. And again, at the time, you're just trying to do the best, best judgment that you can use. But it's seen to me like, hey, this is gonna, this is gonna fade. And I mean, obviously, the mask thing didn't fade. No. But what happened was other manufacturers sort of started getting in the game in order and stuff from overseas and then their mask producing it. And then it's like, okay, so now the market was completely saturated and flooded. So we kind of owned the market for, how many months? It was three months? I think it was longer than that. We were, we were ripping. Oh, we worked. We went through every bit of fabric. We had warp with our compression and parallel we went through all of our denim like we went, we didn't make any out of, we got our G-Pants material, our twill. That's right. We went through all of all of our fabric and the crazy thing was, and it was kind of a blessing in disguise to, in the background, shit started to fall apart in our supply chain starting with our tannery in Maine, where we were tending all of our leather for the boots. It was a tazeman tannery. And I remember them calling me, like maybe four, five, six months in saying, I don't think we're going to survive. And I'm thinking, holy shit, like this tannery, the last tannery in the state of Maine, that's been around for 100 years. They don't think they're going to survive. I started to think about our other supply chains. I ended up getting on the phone with someone from the federal government. And he said to me, there's three tanneries in the United States of America that can make the boots for America's military. It's going to kill us if this tannery shuts down. And so he was going to fund partially fund us purchasing this tannery. I got on the phone with normed tazeman, the head of the tazeman family. I'm talking to this guy down in Texas about how to keep this thing alive. Ultimately, it was an elephant. We just, you know, we didn't want to take down. And yeah, were you and I were having that's another like a million dollars of conversation you and I are having about, do we do we do? We break open the coffers? Do what are we going to do? You want to roll? And it's like, I think I said no. I was just, I think I've remember calling me back, bro. I, I don't think we should do this. You went to it. Oh, yeah. You went to it. And you called me on the way home and you're like, bro, I just, this is, this is a, you didn't call it a lemon. But you were like, this is a lot, this is a lot. There's a lot that needs to be done. There's a lot of management and leadership that would need to take place. You were basically saying you would have to surrender other fronts that were trying to fight on in order to make this happen. Yeah. And it was just a no go. And so because of that, I started getting a hold of all of our suppliers and seeing where they were at and everybody started having the same story. Can't get labor. Can't make the product. No one's standing at looms. No one in the die houses. No one injecting souls for boots. And it started to get pretty shady from that perspective. So just managing, really managing that whole year from a supply chain perspective, when to slow down on the face covering thing, hot, a pivot, back up. And that whole time, we lost our denim weaver. I don't remember that. We couldn't weave denim anymore. And we have real quick. I think where we got lucky, I got lucky because I was saying, hey, bro, they're not going to make people wear a mask much longer than it going to happen. And so we started to taper. And when we started to taper, they kept making people wear masks. But we got lucky in that. So many other people now came on the market. It started making them and bringing them in from overseas. You know, however long it took them to go to China and say, hey, we need these things. And it took them time to run the cycle, bacon, and then ship them over here. By the time they actually showed up here, we were already in the down swing of making masks. So we got lucky in the fact. Because I was thinking, it didn't seem possible that America would still be wearing masks after because it didn't take long for people to say, oh, it's actually only 10% effective in seven. And then you had the people showing the videos with the like that smoke stuff coming out and being like, yeah, this is, you know, again, couldn't know the future. But we, I think that was a stroke of luck, the fact that we, because otherwise we would have been sitting on, you know, however many we were doing it week by week. I remember like when you think 30,000 more for 50,000 more, you're like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm just a half a week more. And like it was that those kind of numbers. Somebody, uh, somebody emailed us about profit hearing. The email me about profit hearing. And I said, I'm an email back and I said, we employ a hundred hard work in blue collar Americans. When Google called us and asked us for 40,000 masks, and it's almost, how much a cost? How much is one 15 bucks, how much is 40,000 15 bucks? It's because we need to keep a hundred hard work in Americans working and get out of this thing so that we can get back into our supply chains. And if we had the fund, those supply chains, which we did, which we did, we had the fund finding a new denim manufacturer and commit to massive amounts of denim to weave denim, you know, and in really secure the supply chain, like we played it, I think it was, I think by design, we played it well. There was some, we were lucky within there, but by design, we played it well. I think it was just real strategic planning, keeping everybody motivated to want to continue working when they didn't have to. You know, especially in the city, in the time, it was scary, but we, we had such a good team. It was just a tremendous team. I can't say enough good things about them, for sticking it out when they didn't have to. The government was giving away money to people that were unemployed for whatever reason. And it wasn't a normal unemployment. There was additional unemployment. There was a COVID unemployment. And it was a, it was a substantial amount of money that that people were getting paid. And I knew people out in California that were that were making a ton of money for, you know, for for staying at home. Yeah. And more money than a lot of people could work, they could make, make work in a job 100%. And that's a tough market to compete with. Yeah. Hey, do you want to make $2,000 a month working 40 hours a week? Do you know, do you know, do you know, hard job? Or do you want to make $2,000 a week or sorry, $2,000 a month doing nothing. Yeah. And a lot of people just said doing nothing will take that. And all of our people could have just gone and collected, you know, to me. And actually, I mean, they still, they still did receive, but they didn't, they didn't rest on that. You know what I mean? They, they were part of it. I was absolutely like weekly motivational speeches and shit, like not meant to be motivational, but like look at what you people are doing. Just to, that was good to like again in the bubonic plague phase of when, you know, when we started making the face shields that were going to hospitals that the hospitals couldn't get that they thought were absolutely critical at the time. Otherwise everyone's going to catch COVID. Yeah. Yeah. And so that felt really good, you know, and, and I think that was good for the team to know that America was calling out for this equipment, this personal protection equipment, and origin was able to on a weekend. Yeah. Over a weekend, start delivering. And that has to do with the ability having this, having this capability of doing everything there, everything, everything, the design, the material was all sitting there, the people with the skills to make patterns, the people with the skills to sew, whatever needs to be sewn, that's freaking legit. Vertical integration inside the United States of America. Yeah. No one else had it. No. All right. So the Tannery shuts down, you're out hunting for, oh, this was cool too, because now we need leather. And I think, what, how do we talk about it? We talk people found out that we needed leather. I think they were listening to your podcast. It was the side-out family. Yeah. And they called us and said, heard you guys need help. Yeah. We need help. And they said, we can, we can take care of you. So we sent them what we were using for leather. And we went back and forth with iterations. As we were coming out of kind of the mass making COVID thing and trying to get back into making footwear, we had a little bit left of supply. They ramped up for us. They started, they started tending to our spec. And they got us back on track. They sourced the bison because I don't think they were doing bison at the time. And that's a big thing for us is by American Lakota bison leather. Because that bison leather is good. Butterie. And he is. You want to make like a pillow out of it. When you get them, right? You want to make a pillow. You want to make like a wash cloth. You know, you want to, it's that freaking nice. I just love the historical nature of it, man. Like, uh, of the tatanka. For you legit. So, um, so they just, they just stepped right up to the plate. Oh, yeah. stepped right up. Hammered it out for us. Got it done. And got us back on track. And you know, I think I think that a lot of these were we're all in the same place is the thing. Like all of the supply chain, they're all in the same place dealing with the lack of people. You know, every, every, all of our superiors, everybody, dealing with the lack of people. And those relationships because we've built them for so long with our supply chain, they're trusting they're going to get paid. So when we're, when we're placing these massive blanket purchase orders, if we didn't have that relationship of trust between us, that just wouldn't happen. So, you know, I guess good on us for building those relationships over the years. So that we, we survived and thrived ultimately. And salute to side-out reach out like that. I'm sure that's unbelievable. That's because, you know, because you know, that's so freaking cool though. You know, it's like I was I was saying the other data somebody, um, when, when someone listens to the podcast, I have a relationship with someone. If they listen to podcast, yeah, because we have the same inside jokes. They know what, you know, they know some things. They know some little inside jokes. We use the same words, you know, we got stories to refer back to that we experience together. Like if you're just listening to Echo and I, you're listening to me talk about, and they're in the beaches of Normandy or you're going on the baton death march, we shared that experience. If you're listening, so we have shared common history together. If you're just listening to this, we have common history together. And that's what a relationship. Oh, he's talking to Andy about Andy Stump. When you meet another seal that is younger than you or older than you, you never served with him. That you were retired before they joined or you went in after they retired. You still know him. And you still have a common shared history that something that you did together. You went together, but you were both went through buds. You both run new guy in a platoon. You both went to jump out of an airplane and you both went through hell. We gave these common things. So you're immediately you have an actual relationship with someone you've never met before. So it's the same thing with the podcast. So when you get someone like the side L family, they're like, oh, oh, Jocco needs leather. Okay, cool. Like we know him. Yeah, let's reach out. I get it's like showing up this immersion camp and everybody's showing up for Jiu Jitsu. Yeah, yeah, you know, it's a connection. Hey, where were we? How far along were we in making boots when COVID hit? Like we were pretty we embryonic. Yeah, we had we decided just to buy this facility, which was a Coca-Cola plant. And so that was in 2019. Yep, and we had just started late 2019. It was late 2019. Late 2019. We had just started getting machine removed in and setting up and we weren't even really producing. I was going to say we hadn't really started producing yet. We had made boots. We knew we could do it. We had the skills. We had the technology. Yeah, we weren't quite there yet. No, no. And so then in the middle of COVID, we lose the supply of the leather. We get the new supply of leather. Thanks to side L crew. Yeah. And then it's we decided we're going to start making boots. Yeah. And we start making them. Yeah. Yep. Barely, but yes. Barely why. I just a lot of reasons out of practice number one. You know, there were some bad seeds, I guess you could say. Also, there was there was some negative, there's a man of mossy. There's some negative attitudes. You know, and those came out when we when I kind of flank the team, with you're going to make yourselves or family. I loved one of pair of boots. Specifically, I wanted to gauge everybody's non-verbal reactions at the end of the day. And there was a couple of individuals that I thought would would get there or I questioned would get there, but I was hoping they would. I didn't think they would. And engaging there, they're non-verables. I was like, God, they're not coming. Not coming my way. So so maybe this or there weren't the right people for you. Yeah, and jump. It's amazing. Like you could have a team of 15. Let's see how a team of 15 people making 50 pairs of boots a day. You think that if you lose three, then you'd lose the same percentage in production. What happens is you actually gain. So it goes. You drop to 12 and now you're making 55 pairs. There's just there's a when when when covering movies, part of your culture, which it is for us, you know, covering move and you want to cover and move for people you like. You know, you're you're out to move quicker and to be more responsive and to have better peripheral vision and to see where you can inject yourself to improve the process and you give a shit. And you inject your soul into it. And I think I think we had lost some of that, you know, during COVID, you know, the factory turned into a machine. It did. You know, for better force, it literally turned into a machine. When you walked in there was like a B-high fuzzing. And we were just cranking six, seven days a week, 10 hours a day just burning through through thread and fabric. And there was there was motivation, but there wasn't a lot of culture building over those three or four months. It was just head, heads down and you know what? You got to do that shit sometimes. You got to do that shit. In 99% of the factory came out of it, adjusted and it was wonderful. But um, but there was a few folks that just uh, just didn't make it. And so once once we took care of that, everything came around. So you gave a quote the other day, or you asked a question, where you made the statement about how much it cost to make the first pair of origin boots half a million bucks. And then what's funny is someone was like, someone said, uh, well, those most expensive awesome boots. And I was kind of like, not really, like the first pair of boots that I got were like, I was like, said me, you know, change these things. This tongue fell out freaking souls coming up. Like, you know, it was, wasn't that bad. But it was definitely even to get the first prototype boot took a lot. Yeah. But yeah, putting a half a million dollars of money, of our money into that, just buying a equipment and bro, you want to talk about, you want to talk about a freaking trust, because I was sketch on boots. Yeah. And from the word go, I was sketch on boots because they seem very difficult. They look hard to make to me, right? I look at a pair of boots and I think, man, that seems like a thing like it's going to be a problem. You know, like, I'm, you know, it's hard for me to understand how like a piece of thread goes through that big piece of leather and how's that going to work and who's doing that? And it just seems, seems like more challenging. And I, and I, and I brought this to your attention. Yeah, you did. I said, bro, look, man, it's hard to make geese like, um, this doesn't seem like a smart idea. And the other thing that scares me about it is, first of all, they're, they're really expensive. Yeah. And second, you know, if you make t-shirts, you got to make small medium large extra large, right? If you make boots, you got to make size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14. And by the way, you know, one pair of one brand, I wear an 11, another brand, I wear a 10, another brand, I wear 13. So now you got people that are pissed off because it's not the right size. It just seemed to me, I was paranoid, man. I was definitely paranoid and you like, you're like, no man, boots are easier than geese. You said to me, how else like, okay, and I, I believed you, you know, it's even weaving. Eve, Eve is even weaving. And I said, okay, and that was a high level trust. Bro, you might as well have like been playing Russian with my hand. Because that's how I felt about it. And then we're spending a half a million dollars on freaking equipment. And I'm like, you know, cool sounds great, man. I'm holding my breath. And then you sent me the first pair that was like maybe version four or something. Yeah. Three. And I could already go, oh, oh, wait something there. Oh, yeah. This is going to be good. Yeah. So that was a high level of trust. I appreciate that I'm glad I didn't screw up on the mulk bars before that. And then what's crazy is, wow, all this is going on. Well, we just, we were running out of room overall because now, because now we're having a buy, because now Jocco fuel is going berserk, right? Well, everybody's got to understand we're self-funded. So we've never taken on capital. Like, we've always self-funded. If we make a profit, you know, a large chunk of that gets injected back into what we're doing. And in 2017 at the grand opening, I don't know what we have for how many employees do we have 12, 12, 12, 12 employees. Yeah. We're going to you and I shook hands. We had eight. Okay. And so then we decided we're going to start Jocco fuel. So everyone's sewing in the factory and all the pallets of Jocco fuel are in between the sewing machines. Like, that was our warehouse. Was this factory floor was our warehouse, too? You know, just winning it all costs, you know, whatever needs to, whatever needs to happen. So, and Jocco publishing books are in there. I don't know where was my phone. I forgot. Yeah. Yeah. Jocco publishing Mikey and the dragon stacked up in there. Oh, man. So, um, that forgot about that. Yeah. You know, you think about blitz scaling to we have 210 employees, you know, over 2020 we hired another 40 employees, you know. And so we're dealing with a lack of infrastructure, that, you know, really decaying infrastructure. The fact that there is only, I don't know, one or two buildings left in our community, you know, within a half a mile radius that actually could hold our growth and we did the boot plan. We invested in that coronavirus hit. We had invested another facility for nutrition. Oh, yeah. I forgot to mention about the equipment we want to building. Yeah. So I was getting crazy. We got crazy and we're self, well, we're, when I say self funding, I mean, you know, we're, we're working with banks. We're working the banks to make all this shit happen. Because we can see it. Now, I'm not sure if that's being naive as a superpower or just being naive, but I, I believe in our vision, you believe in our vision and we know we got something special. You know, I know that because we have people moving from all over America to work for us. I'm talking Colorado, Arizona, Nevada, Utah, Georgia, Arizona, I said Arizona. Yeah. Ah, Massachusetts, Connecticut, I'm everywhere. And when, when everyone's saying the same thing, like I want to be part of this, I can see what you guys are doing. It's special. I get it. Like, and it's resonated with them. We just got to tell more people. So we invest in, and that's part of business. I mean, it's the, I learned a lot about organizational structure and, you know, I've learned a way more than I ever thought I would know about running a business of this size, this magnitude, five facilities, 200 and 10 employees. I mean, it's, it's a lot. And I never like believed in titles, like everybody just do what needs to be done. Like literally, we got done eating stakes last night and that was in the kitchen with the deck where washing the did we washed off the dishes, all the forms. Like, just do what needs to be done. Like, get shit done. But I do understand now because of the situation, how you have to really detach to look at, to look at, I don't, I hate to use a word battlefield because it's not a battlefield, but to look at the organization. And do you have the right players and the right positions? Are you missing people? And sometimes just letting the fire burn. And what I mean by that, that, has, has small, I'm actually was saying this to me, Pete, you got to just let the fire burn for somebody's saying, you can't solve all the problems all the time. Now, you don't want to get it out of control. You don't want to become a blaze. I said, but if you can't solve this part of your company, like the issues we're dealing with, let's say in finance, we had a CFO, but we really need four people in that department. Because don's working until 100 hours a week. It's just, you got to let the fire burn. And if it's not done perfectly, and if it's not closed, the court doesn't close on time, but that's okay. Let the fire burn. Media. Same thing. And focus on the, on the things that really have a massive impact. And then get the people to solve the problems. I really, really learn that lesson this year. Yeah, prioritize next to you. Yep. And that's a huge one. And then decentralized command. And what decentralized command ultimately, the power that it gives you in, when you're in a leadership position, as you have the ability to look up and out instead of down and in. So instead of looking down and in at your team, instead of looking down and in and what the schedule is for today and who's on the line and who's not and who's sick and who's not is it looking down it in at that, which, which takes away your, your overall vision of what's happening on the battlefield. You have to be looking up and out. And so yeah, you, you definitely got that. And and look, you're not going to solve every problem. And sometimes you got to be like, oh, yep, yeah, that's going to suck. Okay, got it. We accept that suck factor on that thing, because we can now focus on our efforts on something that's going to, that would suck way worse and be much worse for everything that's going on here. But we, again, you and I have some conversations that are million dollar conversations, we're making decisions. And what's funny to me is they're still like three-minute conversations. But like, because we bought a few buildings since it's been, so since 20, since 2019, we've bought what three more four more buildings. Yeah, three going on four, yeah, with a new addition to North Carolina. Yeah, actually, we're not buying a building, buying the business. Yeah. So, um, but these are big investments. And the, the jocco few warehouse as, as everything was just overflowing, we needed, we needed to go big. Yeah. We needed to go big. And also need to go big on our supply chain. Um, you know, having enough stuff in stock that when people order, we can fulfill it. Well, the thing is is as we were dealing in, I remember really sitting down on the phone with you with Joe and Brian, our chief revenue officer and chief product officer, sitting down and saying, hey, listen, guys, learn something during this with, with a parallel footwear, where our supply chains are local. Let's say on the east coast, I think the shit's going to happen on the nutritional side. Let's lockdown everything we can, the whole supply amount fruit. And we ended up blocking down aluminum too. And that was kind of the big one. That was a lucky one. That was a lucky one. I mean, I didn't think like people, I didn't think we're going to be affected by people not at bars, drinking off a tap. And because normal, you know, people are going to the store and buy in 12 packs of beer. Aluminum cans. Well, it's a aluminum. It doesn't matter what the can is. It matters at the, there's an aluminum shortage. So like securing the supply chains of the wrong ingredients and the cans allowed us to really eat market share at the same time. And I think to what you're saying is having, having been able to look up and out versus get stuck in the trenches of just survival, it really allowed us to thrive and actually it taught me how to be a CEO for the first time ever. So I was like CEO, yeah, that's just a bullshit title that I don't want, but I actually get it because some of the decisions that ultimately sometimes I just have to make, they are, they're multi-million dollar decisions, but they could make a break us, you know, and I'm, I don't want to screw up, man. I don't want to screw up. How good did it feel to take a quarter million of those precious cans of product and throw them away? Because that's exactly what happened. This is another tuition payment. Yeah, that was a tough not to swallow. So 250,000 cans. 250,000 cans. Yeah, the destruction was, when was that? Was that 2020? Yeah. It was like three quarters of the way. Three quarters of the 2022. So so at that time that was a big chunk of a big chunk for us. Big chunk. It's a big chunk now, but it's a much less substantial. It's been another, it's been a year since then. But at that time it was a lot. Yeah. And it was especially a lot because aluminum was short. It was hard to get the stuff run on my lines. So 250,000 cans was substantial. Yes. And what had happened was we had leaked some of the cans of this 250,000 cans. Yeah. We had been sealed wrong. And it was like one in six. That were actually leaking. Yep. And so luckily we caught it. And then what do we do? We consulted legal. Oh, yep. Here's what you do. Oh, what? What do you do? You destroy them all. Bro. I, yeah. Yeah. I couldn't even want you. So a couple of tuition payments. Yep. The funny thing about that was main tie. Who? So we're shipping, uh, this is main tie. Yeah. Main tie who's a part of the media department. Yep. See, run the media department. He's a media department. He's a media manager. He's the, okay. So the media manager main tie, he, uh, when we, when we had to destroy 250,000 cans of go of which one out of six was actually bad. Yeah. He would, he was, he didn't care. He started making his right. He's with his jeep. He said he's got a lifetime supply right now of Joggle discipline going to his house. Break it. He's got a holiday pal at a palm palette. So there's an Amazon seller. There's an Amazon seller who's creeping up on us. I mean, he's the main tie. He's, he needs to get checked out. Oh, loaded up, though. Yeah. Yeah. He, he, he was, I was laughing my house off when you were telling you. Sent you a video. Oh, he told you. No, he just was telling about he's like, you caught it. Be kidding me. I went down there with my Jeep about 10 times. He's his grandparents in the game. He's grandmother drinks the go. She's always tagging like fire, fire America strong strong strong. We said, oh, we sponsored her now. Yeah. Yeah. She's, uh, he's like 80. We're sponsored. Yeah. She's the freaking jocco. Yeah. And athlete. She's, um, all those are hard. But there was, there were other, there's a couple other events that happened in the past couple of years that had been freaking really hard. Um, yeah. I mean, losing people losing people. Yeah. Yeah. We lost to two, two really good ones. Um, we, we had this young kid, Mo, uh, wasn't, but 19 years old, uh, awesome kid just started to jitsu. This kid's life was sports, uh, basketball player and high school just to tremendous athlete. And first time on the mat, I was like, this kid is going to be special. And he had just gotten into it, um, dealing with dealing with depression and ended up taking his own life. During the, during the whole pandemic and, uh, just a terrible, terrible loss that really stunned, you know, the factory and his team downstairs, um, in the bunker. But I, I, I think, like, man, if he, if I hate to say like, like put the song, jitsu, but man, if he had started, like a little bit earlier and gotten back into that team type of atmosphere, I know what it could have done for him. Like, I know what jitsu has done for people in his situation, you know, and, uh, I actually should have pushed harder to like get him to training more, you know, like it just, I didn't, um, really shitty situation. We lost, uh, him and then, we also lost Lenny. So Lenny was, uh, he's the man. He's the guy that got us going, man, when it came to weaving. He did everything. He just gives a little background on on how you, on how you found, how you, you kind of found Lenny. Yeah. Um, there was a need. Kind of a desperate need, a desperate need to weave to weave fabric because there wasn't any fabric in America that we could make geese with ultimately. And if you want the fabric out, the important from China or Pakistan, and that wasn't an option. So I just, I called around looking for knowledge and we just asking everybody who do you know who's done this before driving around, trying to find people. I just, I literally like just chasing information, you know, reconnaissance, you know, and we discovered this guy and I told him what we wanted to do. We had this old loom and, man, he said he'd help us refurbish it and I didn't know we're getting into. Again, naive when it came to weaving fabric and this is what you already have. Did you already have the loom at this point? They came about at the same time. Found the loom and then found Lenny. Where's the one talking to him for the first time? At the, at the bait's mill, we stood there and looked at that friggin loom together. So as you were going to get the loom, yeah, you went with you through the, through the chain of people that were involved in the project, he came into it. He was working with a museum to help them get the museum right and make sure the looms were right for this museum and he came in and we looked at this loom and he straight up was like, I can't get that work. And just those, I can make that work. Five words, how so like let's do it, you know, just blind faith. So Lenny, I mean, that guy, really, he's one of the main reasons for our success and and our ability to do what we do because what I asked Lenny and you've heard me say as before, how many people know what you knew and he's like, hold bunch like, how many like how many knew England? He's like, well, least five, there's at least five. Five people, you know, and he invested all of his knowledge into obviously myself and John and the Cionkid Kim who knows more than John and I put together times 10. So the Cionkid Kim who's in his early 20s, Lenny spent hours upon hours, upon hours with him, teaching him over a three year period and and he passed and it sucks bad, you know, like I might, man, first time I broke down a long time, like losing him, he he meant the world to the company and to the people of origin and just was such a tremendous, tremendous asset. So we did start a like a scholarship program in his name. So that was pretty awesome. But yeah, so now the thing is on us, it's all on us. There's no more calm Lenny. I have a voice mail actually, I kept on my phone. I'm not, I'm never going to delete it, you know, it's like the last, the last voice mail he left me. I listen to it every once in a while, actually. So he, uh, he's the man and his wife, he, uh, she still calls and stops by and she's just heartbroken. Um, I'll tell you what, when I talk about like the old timers, the last ones left, he was the last one. It was ones, that was plural. He's the last one. He's the, he was the last one in Maine. There ain't nobody else in Maine that has his, that has his knowledge. What the, the awesome thing is, is that if you would have done what you did, that never would have been captured. There'd be no calm. There'd be just what you just wanted to happen. God, that, the business, the industry would be dead forever. Like when they say, oh, it's impossible to bring back, it would have been. It would have been virtually impossible. Take back so much so that there's a company in America that weaves, it weaves denim, and they work for some brands. And they flew up to Maine recently. And I'm not going to say what the brands are, but they're well known brands, international, well known brands. And there's a guy here who's been in the industry for, you know, 30 years, 40 years, New York City, you know, big denim guy, ran, ran programs for the biggest denim brands. And I said, man, why are you in Maine? Like why are you here? And he's, he's like, can I film your operation? I'm like, yeah, sure, have had it. Filming. Like, I don't, I don't care. So how'd you figure out how to do all this? I said, we just figured it out. We just use common sense. He's like, yeah, how did you like learn? How did you, where did you get the operator? So I said, we hired him without any skill and we trained them. And we taught them about our culture. And what we're all about, and they bought in, and they became better at it, because they care. And he just couldn't believe it. He couldn't believe what's happening. And he said, you're the only ones that can do this. That's what you're talking about. He's like, you're outside of California. This company is the only ones that can make jeans. I said, what about all the brands you work with, the big ones? He said, I've asked them all the same question. Why don't you guys set up your own manufacturing? And they all have the same answer because we don't have the knowledge anymore. That was 20 years ago, 25 years ago, we don't know how to do it. And so they're soliciting us to set up cotton. So, so that these brands, big brands, can make jeans in America. And I can tell you one of those brands is Levi's, because Levi's called us to ask if we would make jeans for them. And of course, you know, we said no. Because we're savages because we rip people's faces off. But you know, Lenny was the last one. And the knowledge is really where there's a vessel of knowledge is origin. It's one of our biggest assets is just the sheer knowledge. So it's a beautiful thing to be part of. Yeah, and that's one of those stories right there. Remember, you're sending me a text like, just got an email from Levi's. I'm like, okay. That's this should be an interesting call. Yeah. But it's another one of those things where the tactical short term move that can be very beneficial in the immediate. But if you look at it over the long term, you realize that it's not aligned with what it is we're trying to do. And we ran in the same thing. You know, we had to, we had some very nice offers presented to us in the past year, really, maybe year and a half. That I think I actually think 99.9% of the people in the world would have taken these offers on board and executed huge amounts of money and a lot of security. But what you sell for that security and what you sell for that money is the dream and the vision. And you know, you United, we had some good conversations about it. But I think a lot of times we had conversations that we were talking, we were discussing our mouths were moving. But our hearts were already, we already knew what the answer was. And it was almost like, hey, man, what do you think? Like, well, I mean, we could, yeah, we could. Well, it'd be nice, it'd be nice. It's a risk, it's a risk. We could outweigh it without all those conversations at the end. It would just each time. It's been, it's a sacrifice of the vision. It's us, it's going away from the ultimate goal. It's giving up what it's giving up control when there is and you give up control with people that might not be going where we're going. And if, if they're at a different place and all the sun someone else's control, or you got to deal with something, I've had this conversation plenty times, even with certain investors, I've said, listen, Pete and I make decisions in three minutes, three minutes, three texts. We figure out what we're going to do. This, that is what, that's one of the major reasons why I'm hesitant to do anything because I'm going to have to deal with you people. And you might, you look, you seem like nice people, I get it. But you have what you have a direction that you want to go in. And we, I'm not sure what that direction is. I'm not sure where you want to go. I know for a fact where Pete and I want to go. And so you start throwing variables in there and then on top of that, you know, you start trying to put a price on those variables and it becomes, well, we haven't done it. Big prices too. Yeah, big, the thing is it's almost like an inevitable when you think about where we need to go and how to get there, you know. Yeah, at some point we will likely have to take some outside capital on board. Every, it seems like every day, every week that we don't, we are in an even better position where maybe we can model through it a little bit further. And then you look at me like, I just want to do it all right. Okay, we're getting, he breath hold another three months here. Yeah, I get hold my breath. Yeah, can you? Yeah, can you? Yeah, can you? Yeah, you're going to be a good with that. Yeah, I'm okay. Yeah, yeah, you're going to, all right, but good, we're good. Yeah. And we look, and we've done that for the last year and a half. It's been a lot of that every, almost every week, the week, we, we, we overcome an obstacle. We make a move that turns out good. We'll take it through hits too. But that just gives, it gives us so much more security to move forward with just us. I feel like the, the wormhole is closing, you know, like we've been in this wormhole and you can see the light in it, and it's like this and we're going, and we're, we're moving towards it, we're moving towards it and we're picking up speed and we've got to get through the wormhole before shots. You know, and it's a, it's a difficult place to be, you know, an inter-terried because the doing what we do is as you sneak and it, it makes us feel alive and we're completely aligned and working on the same frequency and having fun. But we're building something that's going to transcend us at the same time. You know what I mean? It's like, holy shit, getting to the next level is the big deal, bro. What, what were we on the Inc. 500 in 2020? Like 2020? Last year. For last year, the year before last, we were 365 on the Inc. 500. And then this year and for 2020, we finished 2015. What do you think about? Rush that. What do you think about for a company that did, what we did? It just shows the strength of our people and our culture and our vision to finish the, as a 250th fastest growing business in America. That's crazy from the freaking woods of nowhere main. I mean, and, and literally doing what we're saying we're going to do. Yes. And an, an example that that I'm thinking of right now is we keep saying we're bringing manufacturing back to America. Oh, what does that really mean? I'll tell you what it means. A trip to the Dominican Republic to buy equipment and literally ship it back to America. Yeah. Talk to me about that. Well, Andy, Andy, found this, this equipment are CO over there at the footwear division. And he's like, this is what we need to make safety toe boots. And he's gone all in. You walk into his office. It's all books on making footwear. He knows how to make shoes. He knows how to make patterns. I mean, this is a guy who came from setting up plants for Toyota. Now working on footwear. And he was super nervous. He's like, here's the list of stuff we need to bid on. Here's what I think we're going to need. It's coming out of a timberland factory, timberland boot factory and the Dominican that shutting down. And I was like, cool man, let's get whatever we need. Hey, it's just super nervous about us. So we sat the conference room and we bid real time. Yeah. You walk here. Posted that stuff on for you. That's the ground. I was like, hey, bro, I do think you should be posting that in scrams. I was going to bid against you. I was worried. I'm like, dude, what are you doing? You're showing everybody that you got to stop for sale. Hold off. Give me a 20 minute interval. Wait until the freaking bidding closes. Come on, bro. Let's be strategic. We, uh, we did. We got it. We secured the stuff. We, we really needed two container fulls of machine. And we said, we said, Joe, my father allowed down there with, uh, with Andy and Nicole. And, you know, we, you know, we, like, God and Nicole's fiance is from the Dominican. So he's like pack and heat here. He knows everybody who he has to pay off. Because this is no small feat to get there and to get in, like, safely where we needed to go to this factory is during COVID. He was it? It was. It was. It was. Of course it was. Yes. So, uh, they get over there and you got this, you got Joe from the woods of Maine. I mean, the biggest redneck on the planet and all that mean. Strotton there. I mean, I mean, show off. Yeah. Strotton through the streets, you know, and his, uh, and his, and his, Gene shorts. That's the girls made him at the factory. Oh, man. And, uh, and they, they did it. They, they, they paid off everybody. They needed to pay off. Like, it was a mission. I mean, a straight up mission. So we pulled that back and all the machinery. We had a technician coming, go through everything and get it all running. And it is beautiful. The machinery looked beautiful. It's been incredible. One of the some of the shifts, like a year old. And what, that was all, that was most of that was geared towards making safety. Safety, to boots. Because we've had a huge demand signal for safety boots. And it's common this fall. Safety, to boots. Uh, echelon front. The artwork with construction companies is so massive. Yep. There's because the, the correlations between like running a seal, tune and running a running a, running a military unit and running a construction site, they're freely, really similar. Yeah. And it's a real level of, uh, where the explanation just makes so much sense to them. We massive and, and they all are in the game. That all in the game. They're like, when the work pants come out, that's going to get buck wild. Yeah. No. When the work pants come out. And the reason I say this, because I have a pair. And I know that and I work construction as a kid. Those things are going to get. The, the, the, the perfect pants for work. Yeah. They really are. They're, they're like the pants you want. And I'm post the pocket-laptic environment. I just got a last forever. He totally overbuilt. Totally overbuilt. Like over into your 100% engineered like you read about. Yeah. But the point is of, of the reason I'm bringing that up is this, this talk about bringing manufacturing back. There's no better example of that than going to a foreign country, getting the equipment and bringing it literally back to here so we can build. Yep. That's freaking legit. Uh, when, when did you get COVID? I got COVID before you, right? Yeah. I got it in December. It echo got it. You and I got it together. We had the joint COVID. They even knew that I would just, we were kind of skated through it a little bit. We squeed definitely. Yeah. It's really fine with it. Yeah. You lost your smell. Yeah. I didn't lose anything. I had a couple workouts that were cut in week. Yeah. What's your budget? A negative. I don't know my, I forget. My name's A positive. Is that a thing? Yeah. They said they said like A positive or not. You were down hard. You were down hard. Oh, yeah. I mean, I made it look at on Instagram. I can't just know. I put my phone down and just boom. Back in May. It was weird too because main and especially farming, you guys didn't get. No, we didn't get hit. No, we locked it down pretty good. We didn't get hit like the rest of the country. Yeah. So, it, it mean it, you know, it's so experienced. So how many people total at a origin got COVID? Um, eight. That's unbelievable. How did you not spread it? So lots of conversations with the whole team. Hey, listen, when you leave your house in the morning, make sure you're making, you know, if you can make one stop and on that stop, make sure you're getting the things you need for the day and then go straight home after we ask everybody to have basically say low impact, have super low impact. Um, we just, you know, we made sure everybody was aligned to follow kind of those guidelines. So you got COVID though. All right. Yeah. I did. So you got COVID. What I'm saying is Evelyn. How did you not go into the factory for two, three days? Shea cans. Hey, let me get on that machine. Hey, what do you think of this? You're looking over the shoulder. It was Christmas New Year's day. God. It's not lucky. That lucky. Did you how long did you take you for you? New you had it? I know immediately. Oh, Miss Rona. Yeah. I know immediately. I, uh, you could just feel you felt out there. Oh, yeah. I felt it. I was like, yeah. What, what, what, what, but a U echo. What's that? Did you, did you, I think I told you, I, so that was the worst, the worst thing for me was I had to call everybody. I had to call everybody. I knew that I've been in contact with and say, hey, hey, like this is the, hey, I, I, I was, I guess I was texting people because it seemed more efficient. Um, and the worst was Tulsi. Oh, because Tulsi came to visit us. Uh, like, we, we would have recorded a podcast, but, uh, she, like, last minute thing and she only had a little bit of time. So she's like, hey, she want to come by and say hi. We're like, cool. Come on, bye. And so you came in. I think we trained and then we trained and then she came in and she hung out, but I will say she wore two masks the whole time. And at this point Echo and I, we, we were in our own whatever COVID bubble. We you get a echo COVID. We don't know, while we might have caught it from the same way. We went on a trip. We went up to Northern California. Uh, we met with cowboy and we met with, we met with Tilt and to we did it. And that was the hardest thing about this. And, and look, we don't know where we got it. Whether cowboy gave it to us, but cowboy got the cowboy was a Vietnam Vietnamese saw guy, saw operator, just a total badass guy. He, you know, you watch that podcast. He's like pulling up his shirt. And when all I got stabbed here, got shot here, got blown up over here. And then all of a sudden he gets COVID and he was in the hospital. Stuff it was bad. Um, and so by the way, that troopers that I posted about it, because it hit his whole family and like people just donated a ton of money and really helped them out, man. So thank everybody for doing that. But wherever we got it, because we had flown up there, we stayed in the hotel, we get done with that. And he had to had some family event or whatever. I don't know. Anyways, we all ended up getting COVID. And then Tilt see came. And what we made it hard about, what I felt bad about Tilt see, because Tilt see went from being with us to flying out to damn DC. And they were, they were paranoid level 12 out there. And so she's like, yeah, if I've been exposed to you, I have to quarantine for 12 days. I was like, well, she's like, just for being exposed to us. I feel horrible. So sorry to talk. So she's served for 12 days. No, I think no, she was in DC. So she couldn't go home and why he was real strict to. So it was about, but you know what, she ended up getting like two back to back to us and she was negative and so ended up being alright. Which was cool. What about like your own, what about, so we kind of talked about the business. COVID was kind of kind of like a little bit rough on Pete. Robbins isn't that. That's a human. Well, I did. That went down for a couple of weeks. My whole, I gave it to my whole family, my father, my, my, they were pissed. Do you know what in my family got it? Really? And we didn't, I, you know, I didn't stay with, did you quarantine yourself for anything? I, after, when I had a dad, I had to, yeah, I stayed in, I stayed at, in my property. Did you stay away from your family, though? Well, I didn't know I had it. And then I had, I must have got a pretty massive viral dose. And so then I gave it to my, my mother-in-law, my father-in-law, my son, my daughter, my son's best friend, my wife. His freaking parents, his anger, I called this, and the woman. They sent him up to the woods of Maine to a cabin for two weeks. His parents sent him up by himself. There's like one store up there that he would walk to or get his goods or whatever. Maybe he had him delivered, I don't know. Bro, no one in my family got it. That's correct. And we didn't, I mean, my family, because we, we were like, okay, well, I got it. So we all go, we're just stuck together, we're all going to get it, and no one got it. We're here. That's what we were. I mean, I was even before I knew I had it, which I obviously had it. I was like, you know, my wife and I are, you know, like, blame around chips, chips, chips, chips, chips. You eat chips. I eat chips. All kinds of chips to everybody else. Uh-oh. Potato chips, Cape Cod, cattle, style, potato chips, I'm playing good. I play and given COVID that everybody I, I became caught chips. Yeah, yeah. What? My mother-in-law was super pissed. She was super pissed at me. I'm like, you're welcome. After she, you know, always fine. I was like, you're welcome. She didn't like that either. What about what about your training during Miss Rona? Yeah, I mean, I, I, I was shut down for two weeks. I was done. And then when I got back into working out or trying to work out, I was like, literally five minutes. I was like, do you still feel like Miss Rona in your, in your lungs? So, honestly, there's some cognitive things going on for me. There's like, beyond just your normal, limited capacity. I mean, it's pretty limited as it is. You know what I'm saying? Like, I, you know, no, there's, there's a little bit of shit going on. But I'll good. I feel like, I mean, I feel super helpful now. You know, even when I put on 40 free compounds, you put on 40 pounds. 40 men. Wait, I followed it. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I'll give you a title chips. I was a lot of listeners. It's a post-apocalyptic kind of environment. You're just going daily like this could be a mess. This could be, yeah. What's that? Is this Sharon Fiveson? I'm thinking survival. You know, you got that extra layer on you. You know, you got a fast for a week or two. Yeah. The food, the food supplies, the window, and guess what? You're ready. Guys, living. Unless you decide to take me out in the car for you. You put on 40 pounds before, after. Right, no, I'm Darren Colbert. I put on 40 pounds. Darren Colbert. When you had Colbert, just thought you were going to know. Did you lose weight when you had COVID? Yeah, I dropped like 10 pounds. Okay. And that was because you were couldn't eat. That was because, yeah, yeah, you were sweating. You were sick. Yeah, sweating sick and then couldn't taste anything. So the only thing that actually felt good in my mouth is that old school camp was chicken soup. So you're losing weight. And all right. So that's how I'm going with COVID. And then we had a bunch of other crazy like awesome stuff going on because we, that's another thing timing wise. We went in the vitamin shop. Yeah. The entire jockel fuel line goes in the vitamin shop. It explodes. And goes and goes and goes berserk out of the gate and then COVID hits. Yep. And all of a sudden that's like goes on the little bit of a, you know, hesitation there because people, it shut down, you know, wasn't whatever. What's the word again? Critical mass critical sense. It's so short, right? Was vitamin shop essential? They were we actually, we actually the vitamin shop we exploded in because people, they were buying like, when you went into the stores like, wife, let's tell me. She's like, I'm low in shopping. This is like as shit's coming across and you're wearing the face coverings. Now everyone's got mass on. So she's going into the store and she's like, go bonic, play. I just needed some essentials. I needed some bread and, you know, some tuna fish, whatever. She's coming out. She's ready to survive for four years. She's like, Pete, she's like, I'm going down the aisle and I look and there's brown bread and there's only one left. I never bought brown bread in my life. She's like, I have to put it in the shopping cart because there's only one left. And that's the kind of like the kind of chaos that yeah that went on and then folks started going to jansies and vitamin shops and anywhere else you could get protein. Yeah. There was that. It's supplements. So it kind of like, like, a little bit of hesitation and then it was like, yeah. Oh yeah. So that ended up being awesome. Yeah. That was good for business. And then same thing with going in a wall wall, which is the, if you don't know what wall was, it's a massive convenience chain on the East Coast and we rolled into wall wall. We rolled into wall wall on a three month test. So if you don't know anything about this kind of thing, so it's convenient stores, they're like the real estate, right? They're like the real estate where you get to sell stuff. Yeah. If you're lucky, they own it and they only want to sell stuff that's going to sell. So they don't just, you can't just walk into a convenience store and I'm like, oh, I want to sell my, you know, my, my drink here. They go, we don't care. We don't want your drink. Get out of here because they want stuff that's going to sell. They want there to be a demand for it. And so we got, we had some relationships luckily, like everything's relationship based Joe Moss had some relationships and so we, they gave us a three month test to see how we do in Florida in Florida. And I think it was three weeks into it. They called and said, chain one, chain one, because every wall, you know, all that are listening is right now, went out and got crazy. Yeah. And, I remember they got to a point where they asked me to stop saying, go clear this, because I was like, hey, if you go to a wall, I'll clear the shelves and people are like, okay, cool, people are posting videos of them just clearing shelves into cooler from wall, while freaking awesome. So that was super helpful and awesome that y'all went out and did that. And so in three weeks, they call this and said, can you can we get enough supply to go chain wide in now? And we were like, okay, so that was, and that's a, that's an iconic, people can vary to wall. It's an iconic convenience store and it's a benchmark. It's a benchmark for all convenience stores. And we had to, you know, we had to go crush a few wall on, oh yeah, we got some hoogies on. But, but that's opened up the doors. Now there's, now there's a, we should be spreading to many other convenience stores. I don't want to name them right now, but they're all over the country. The one, the probably the hardest one to get into as far as geographically when this is a bomber is California. California has some convenience stores that we're just, we're not, we're, we're not in California the way we want to be, we'll find the right partner, but it's just it's a little bit tricky of an atmosphere out there, which is weird too, because California, like, basically, is convenience stores. Like, there's convenience stores everywhere. There's people that just, that's where they shop. It's convenience stores, you know, that's where they're, that's where it's happening. You know, and so we're, but we're working that, that issue to get to a point where, where it starts to go forward. What else? That's a pretty good year, man. Yeah, you know, when you think, and talking through this, holy shit. All this is happening the same time. By the way, we bought a business factory in North Carolina. In North Carolina, by the way, we just closed on that. Yep. Yep. So the papers are signed. So that's a massive amount of capability that we're going to have to so even better. And, and North Carolina, it's similar in many ways to what we have up in Maine. What we have up in New England, where this used to be the dominant industry up here. And it just faded away. And North Carolina is similar, you know, many ways. And they have, they also have, they also have parts of the industry down there that are central in that area that aren't central up here. Yes. And so that'll be a huge boost to what we're able to do as well. Yeah, when it comes to like our heavy hoodies, you know, we have the new heavy hoodies, joggers, t-shirts, grappling shorts, buy shorts, board shorts, knit products. Like all the new stuff we're doing as we focus on building origin and bringing, bringing it to the masses, blitz scaling. It's, it's just going to be phenomenal have this other facility. So it's another big, you know, big step, you know, risk reward. And I think we, we both bind to that 100%. I don't think that's like boots. I think it's, you know, I think that, that big of a risk. But it's still, uh, it's still crazy to say we're going to drive the same culture we drive in Maine and North Carolina, you know, and think through having the right people in place and processes and making sure that you get enough face time there and get them bought into what we're doing, um, from an extreme ownership perspective, you know, and it's going to take time to make all that happen. Yeah, one thing that is beautiful about the culture and them, you know, them, this isn't us having to impose a new culture. This is not happening to say, hey, here's what you think is important and here's what we think is more, you need to think what like we think because what we're doing, it just resonates. It's in, look, guess what they do for a living. They so stuff. They make stuff. They want to make stuff in America, just like we're not trying to sell them something else. They're already on board. And so it's more like a unification. Yeah. And it's an opportunity for them to have, you know, to do more and better and bigger and the people that are there right now to have more opportunities and more jobs to build and earn more and make more and do more. That's what you don't have to convince somebody, you don't have to convince somebody of that. You know what the best part is? The place wasn't for sale. Yeah, wasn't for sale. Yeah. You know, but being able to connect with the current ownership who's been running it since 1974 and they are, you know, later in life, flying them up to Maine, showing them what we're doing, telling them we want to bring this to the North Carolina. We want to re-inject the sole back into this community and back into this company and back into the people and in them and him knowing that he doesn't have the energy for it anymore. He just doesn't have the capacity. He has the passion for it, but he doesn't he can't physically do it and seeing that there's another generation who's going to carry on what he's built. I mean, brought to your stores eyes. So it was an opportunity that we just can't pass up on and things going to be good, man. Look forward to it. Anything else? Now echo Charles, you got any questions? What's your cognitive scenario? Particularly what's your cultural values? Yeah, like contemporary or just gathered words up. Oh, for real? Yeah. I've always been very like sharp. I can put, I can piece words together, you know, and I can fall off the tongue, but sometimes I get caught up and I never get caught up, you know, and someone says, oh, isn't it just age? You're 42 now. I don't know about that. What I drink this stuff? No, what I'm drinking the go. You're on fire. Oh, yeah. It flows. Yeah. But I just know that I don't have anything. I don't have it lag and anything. Good. All right. We'll probably a good place to stop and I mean, just the thing that you just said that right there that kind of hit that I think is the unifying thing is what we're doing is about the people to about the people. It's bigger than it's infinitely bigger than just us, obviously. It's a movement that resonates with people, the way people think. It already is there. You know what I'm saying? That's what's trying to say like about the culture. It's already there and it's not just in North Carolina, the people that this resonates with people with people. It just resonates. They understand what it is we're trying to do. They understand that what we all are doing, including you, that's the sense. It's like what we all are doing is the right thing to do. It's the right thing to do is to rebuild America is to take care of our communities. It's to take care of our family, take care of our friends, take care of our country, and to put and the way that you do that is you take care of people. You put people above profit. There's so many decisions that got made in some point when we document this whole thing and we go back and we pick apart decisions that got made by corporations in this country where they decided to save 4% on the production of a pair of genes or 6% on the production of a pair of boots and they took and they ripped those capabilities out of this country for 4% for 6% and we've destroyed communities to make that money. When we tell that story, I think people already know that and I think that's why this resonates with people they understand that what we're doing is the right thing to do. But people above profit and by the way that is not that is a strategic win. The short term win is oh we can make we can say 4% if we ship everything overseas and we get it shipped overseas or we get it made overseas, that's a tactical win. Yeah hey we made more money this quarter. We made more money this year. But what they did in the meantime is destroy communities and take away the freaking thing that makes America America and that is the pride in what we do in this country. So I think everybody knows that we're doing the right thing. I think that's why so many people are supporting what we're doing. So many people are with us. I feel like it's not just us. It's everyone. When I meet people, you mentioned the other day someone was telling you that at the master there's everyone's wearing origin jeans. Hell yeah they are. Yeah that's what's happening and when we make stuff and they know where it comes from and they know that it's connected to other people. That's why I think this is just a train that's just leaving the station and it's picking up speed and it's going to roll. Hell yeah. That's why I think we're at Echo Charles. All right so Echo. How do we get on board this train? Train. Well you gotta do the right thing. Speaking of doing the right thing. So we'll talk about you mentioned discipline and helping you with your. Yeah. You know your brain. That's Jaco go. Yeah. Yeah. That's brain fuel. Brain fuel. That's a morning brew right there. So that's essentially doing the right thing in a smaller kind of more specific way where you know we need our energy drink. Some people are in coffee and I dig it. Some people they drink energy drinks but you know you're not doing the right thing. A lot of time when you're drinking like a normal. You mean it should re-snap that film makes you feel like shit. Yeah later. Yeah I ever drink energy drinks. Oh for I did. I've had a sip of a familiar popular drink once you ever drink energy drinks. When I heard about kids dying from those drinks I was like hell no. Yeah never let my kids either. Now I let. Of course it's good for you. That's the test. That's the do you let kids drink it? I do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah so in fact my kids kind of get nuts with it. Yeah. I'll say I don't know speaking of of profit before people and I don't know how much profit we're losing because of my kids and their friends. Yeah. These kids are rocking. Yeah. Yeah they they I didn't realize it was going to be so popular with with kids you know teenagers athletes all that stuff has it's been awesome. Yeah it's essentially the new uh what paradigm is that the right word. Yeah sure. Yeah sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah so it's a new era of energy drinks. We don't have to worry about that kind of stuff anymore. We don't have to worry about our kids dying anymore. Actually it'll you drink to those. You're more healthy. Technically yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You like to light everything. Boom. Just in there. In there. So yeah that's one of things you can do man. You don't know. You're doing something good for yourself and you're helping out the world. What? That's the right thing. That's the typical and strategic. It's true. 100% the board. Also speaking of doing the right thing do the right thing for your joint. So you know joint uh how should I say maintenance. It's not a sexy it's like an energy drink or even milk or something like this. Do you want to know it's not sexy? Limp in around. Oh yeah got like hurts. Yeah that's not. It's true. It's true. But it's like you know one of those things but we got to pay attention to the right thing. Yeah. So you get the joint more for the super crew oil. Keep your joint in the game. And it's you know this you just said subscription you know you kind of like we're starting to go down that path but this is the one in my opinion this is where you subscribe because you don't want to get caught short without what you need. Yeah and it's not like you're waking up in the morning craving some krill oil or something like this. Like you might be like, I'm kind of breathing the dislikling. Go you can find yourself in that kind of situation but the joint more fair you don't crave that. But you need to unless you don't take it. Yeah. Yeah. I use it religiously. I was like life. Life and I were down at the master and so we do these we do work out at the master you know and they're burpees and you know and they're you're they're just a little bit different right. Yeah. And so we do them so we show up for the master before the master actually starts and we do the PT's to kind of test them out makes them have to go how we're going to do where we're going to do them. And you know so we did a bunch of burpees and jumpsquads or whatever one day and something like that and life and I we have like a room that's connected you know because we're working and like whatever day to of us be a dancer he's like bro he takes me about the good he goes he goes to a warfare and krill oil I was like, bro this is not amateur all the way what's up. Maybe go say I didn't break because I because he has a go bag right and he travels with it but you got a reload you go back failure to reload and I was like, hey man I got bad news for you. I got some for myself. I did it enough for other people. Oh no. Because that's how I do my loadout. My loadout. It was overnight. I don't know what he did. You might have gotten a vitamin shop. Yeah. I don't know what he said. Yeah. It was rough but that's the kind of situation you want to be. No. Right. You know so let's not let that happen because he's in there again limping around holding this back and what that's so yeah it makes you a believer though. Oh don't take it. You also know that's a classic. Life was like bro. That's a toss. You know our whole company you combine everything together a pair of footwear keys, supplements, everything. Joint warfare is our number one song item every day. Yeah. We like America's addicted to joint work there. It's freaking good. It's so good for you. So good for you. All right. So what else? What else? What else? We're going to good for you. Immunity. This vitamin D key talk lock here for a second. Sure. Okay. Rewind pre-COVID. Be little. Like hey, Jockel what do you think about vitamin D? I'm going to take it every day. Oh. Do you want to make some? I was like yeah. Let's do it. This is pre-COVID. Let's do it. Okay. Hey. Well, we're doing that. Let's make immunity because I travel and I get on planes and I shake hands with a bunch of people and you know you're passing you the freaking all kinds of germs and whatnot. Let's make an immunity thing cool. Okay. So we make two things called war and vitamin D. Pre-COVID. Yeah. Pre-COVID. Good timing. God. That was epic man. Again, this is this is, you know, just luck. Grace a god. God's a frog man. Whatever you want to say, that is just perfect. And so we, and we bought a decent amount of it. We, we stocked up on a decent amount of it. And then as soon as COVID hit, people are literally telling people to take exactly what we vitamin D and the half the ingredients that are in in Cold War. Yep. So that was awesome. And again, luck timing. Great. God. You know, I think everything will take it. I think you when you're moving in the right direction without compromise and you're in tune. When you're in tune, then, you know, it should just happens. I feel like we're in tune with not just our customers, but we're in tune with what American needs. You know what's weird. I was talking to Mayn'tide today. And I was saying, sometimes I make myself nervous, right? Because I like, I'm very particular in what I like. And there certainly is no guarantee that anyone else in the world is going to like what I like. And this podcast is a great example. There's been many times where I've been creating or reading or preparing a podcast. And I'm thinking myself, this is pretty much going to be for an audience of one. That comes from all of a sudden. The only person that is going to have to suffer through what I'm doing right now. That's what's going to happen. And, and I'm wrong. Because there are other people that think the exact same way. And, and that's what I said about like the, about the discipline go drink. He says, he says, isn't it weird? He said, I heard you talking about why didn't anybody else make this? And I think for me, I think it's crazy to me that no one would make an energy drink. That's good for you. That's not sweetened with sugar. That doesn't have any that's pastries. It's crazy me to think that no one would. And sometimes when I think of these things, I think I might be thinking for an audience of one. Like, oh, if I could have that, I would do it. Right. And so, but, but then you test, you know, you put it together and you put it out there. And you realize this is the most, this is the best thing about all this stuff. Everything that we're doing. The best thing about it is you realize we're not alone. I'm not alone. You're not alone. We're not alone. There's a bunch of people on the path that want to be better. That want to help America. That want to take vitamin D3 that want coal. Like, there's a bunch of people that want a stronger immune system. This shouldn't seem like a shock. Yeah. Right. There's a bunch of people that want genes that are made in America. I can't American genes that aren't even made in America. What is that? Stop. And so, it's very nice. Sometimes for me to realize at certain moments that there's, we're in this together. Yeah. It's true, we're speaking of being in this together. Mok. On the Mok train together. So that's the good on right. Extra protein. Additional protein in the form of dessert. You did a good job with that one guys. Real good job with the taste. Mok. Yeah. You gotta get some of them over. Right now those Mok shakes at campus week. They love it. Yeah. Vitamin Chob, Wa-Wa, jockelfuel.com. If you subscribe to it, chipping's free. That's look. Look, are we competing against some heavies? You know, are we 135 pounds in the open bracket going in? Have you ever been to the heavies? Yeah. We are. Yeah. And they got some advantages. They got some advantages. And so we got to figure out how we're going to counter some of those advantages. One of the things that some of these big players, including the biggest players in the game, can do is they can ship stuff for free. Because they're absorbing costs. They're making money on the other areas. And so they figure out how to ship stuff for free. And so you and I had this conversation, you're like, bro, we gotta figure this out. And I'm like, hey man, this is America. Like, people don't want to pay for shipping. And you're like, brainstorming, I heard freaking spark plugs going off in your noggin. A week later, you're like, bro, if we can get people, like, scrolling engine. I just think it's more like that too. Orc. I was going to go along the way. But hey, you know what, it produces. Because like two weeks later, you like listen to we, I ran the numbers. If people subscribe, we can ship for free. We can ship for free. And that's how we can do it. And like awesome. So if you are out there and you want a ship for free, which we want to do, subscribe to one of these things. And everything's all the shipping's for free. That allowed that gives us the advantage. And actual advantage in the open match against the heavyweight monsters that are out there that want to smash us by the way, and they want nothing more than to smash. Oh yeah, when you start eating people's market share, they learn nothing how to get out that. They don't like it. So there you go. What else? What else we got up? Well, this may seem surprising, but a company called Origin USA. Good company. I hear good things. It's pretty good. Yeah. So like you said, hey, if you're going to get iconic American stuff, but you get it with either materials from overseas or they're made overseas, it kind of defeats the purpose a little bit. We can't even call that iconic anymore. And they definitely can't call it American. Very hard. It's very hard. Yeah. But when you make it stuff, that's made literally the seeds of the cotton that's grown all done in America. That's right. All the way to the other way you say cotton. Prada tau. That's how it's said. This two teas is two teas in cotton. By the way, it's not cotton. I guess not zero teas. You're gonna see. I guess you're right. I think it's cotton. Yeah. I feel like you guys are right about me being right in this case. I talked a lot about things that are right and wrong. That thing is not right. They were using cotton. The cotton is grown here in America. And the jeans, come out on the other side. Iconic American. Don't do 68 jeans. Finally got some. Thanks Pete. Thanks Pete. Last got some. So yes, we're doing USA. You like that kind of stuff. This is where you can get that kind of stuff. Not to mention, that's what you guys started. All right, you just just stuff. Best keys in America. The people at this point. That's really the world. Sorry. Yeah, faculty. Best keys in the world. The house of the person. Yeah. But people, everywhere, even you today, this is a good thing. This is not the best. What is this? Don't. It's special. It's a beautiful thing. We found the last living unicorn heard and we skinned them. He just brought I was looking for it. And I feel like they killed the unicorn. I'm wearing a bra. I have this couch at my house and I forget what the material is. But it's like this gray kind of, no, it's not velvet. I don't know what it is. It might just be leather. But but it's gray. It's kind of a big couch, right? And so it's a bra in a store. It's so my son was over with his girlfriend. And they were in my son's girlfriends. I really nice super sweet girl. Very nice. And you know, we're sitting on the couch. We're watching UFC or something like this. And you know, I was saying the couch is comfortable. My son's like, oh, this couch is so awesome. Because it's a relatively new couch. So she goes, yeah, this couch is so nice. She goes, what's it made of? And I go, oh, it's baby whale skin. It's a girl's horrified look on her face, bro. I had to like immediately say, no, I'm kidding. Because she was about to cry. Yeah, baby whale skin. So it was like, yeah, so there you go. And it kind of like looks like a good boy. A baby whale. And baby whale skin. It could be so she bought it and put one. I think. Right on. But yeah, the geese unicorn skin. Like, so the skin that it kind of seems like that could be the case. That's all like luxurious. It is. It's luxurious. You kind of can't go back. I was looking for electric blanket. You know, remember last year here. Yeah, kind of cold. So they're there with me. That's so Hawaiian. So I'm looking for my big electric blanket. And I end up pulling out this bin like, oh, it could be in there. And it's like my old geese and bro, I touched the old guy. I'm not going to say the brand. Yeah. I'm going to do that. But I touched that guinea as like, I could never put that thing on. It looks like it was sandpaper. Yeah. It's like comparatively speaking. Yeah, once you go, you can't kind of can't go back, you know? Or you'll say.com. If you want to get some of this stuff, it's true. Good stuff. Oh, no one. Also, jocostor. Jocos store. Jocos store. Called jocos store. So you can get t-shirts, hoodies hats. It's a discipline equals freedom. Jocopot cast. See, Pete, wearing jocopot. Yeah, sure. I'm the time to tell you. Good. I wear a lot. I wear those shirts a lot. Yeah, I wear that green shirt after it won't want to want. Yeah. So good stuff on there. We've also got subscription situation too. Free shipping as well. Look at that cool new shirt. Like this one. Should a different design? A little bit more creative. Got the next one is a homage to the sea wolves. Oh, damn. If you like to see what some of us do, tremble, see what's yeah. It's for an outstanding. It's all like jocostor. That's what I like. I like let's move in that direction of of the shirts on the shirt locker representing that aspect. Yeah. I love the podcast. Yeah. So yeah, jocostor.com. If you like something, hey, get something. Subscribe to this podcast wherever you listen to podcasts. Leave it review. If you want, maybe we'll have you. Yeah, I said that in a while. Leave it review. But no, leave it review. It's cool. Because A, we get to read them. You can give us some input. B, if you read, I haven't done this in a long time. Maybe, but if you write a really funny one, we'll I'll read it. I'll get here. Whatever. Also, don't forget, joc on rambling podcast with myself a DC Daryl Cooper grounded podcast warrior kid podcast for the warrior kids out there. We also have the joc on underground look. We don't control this platform. We don't whatever platform you're listening on. We don't control it. Unless you're listening on the underground. Joc on underground.com. That we control. So we set up just to just to make sure that things don't go awry, we set up our own little platform. Joc on underground.com. You are helping us fund that by subscribing to a it costs $8.18 a month. That's how you help us build that platform and maintain that platform. And we will be there in the event of an emergency in case of a real bubonic black plague or in case of censorship or in case of free shadow banning shadow banning all the stuff that's out there. If you can't afford it, it's cool. We want you in the game. We're not trying to let exclude anybody. If you can't afford it, no factor. Email assistance at joc on underground.com. And we'll get that taken care of. We have a YouTube channel. It's called the Jockel Podcast Channel. Acrofighter. Oh, yeah. It's verified. Is that the same deal? Yeah. The same deal. Yeah. You like that? You'll figure it out. I feel good that you're. You're. I feel what what do you mean? Like on Instagram? No, I know. You're not. No, I'm not. I don't. You gotta work on that. Are you? There's a lot of work on that. I'm hot. They're. Oh, yeah. I only have no. That's for like 50 dollars on his name. No. But it's not. Now. It was a number of followers. It's not about the number of followers. It's just like if you're like a a what do you call like a public figure like jockel. Oh, like you. You're not. I'm not like you, bro. It's like a celebrity. I'm not bra. I'm not bra. I'm not. I'm not. I want to. Who's funny? I have little little blue check mark. The new. It is kind of like a phenomenon. No. I don't know, let's get back on track. Get the blue check mark like Jockel has on Twitter too, by the way. Yeah. And it's kind of like, I think you're more serious. Yeah, that's a part of the glitter party. Be whatever. Do I sense jealousy from none of the other way or none of the memories? No, Jockel fuel we got verified. That's the least I got. I got to work on origin. We haven't tried yet. But we call it Jockel origin. You don't get verified. I'm going to change my Instagram. Jockel's friend. He. Jockel's friend. Hey, you know what? It's cool. If you want to follow like a lot of this stuff that we're talking about, also origin, USA, the YouTube channel. That's another another awesome thing to check out. Yeah. You do main tie and the team puts together. One to one to one to one to week. Yeah. She had it live weekly now. Okay. See, that's totally total inside look at what we're doing on. Yeah, it's awesome. And the main tie showed up at origin saying, can I work here? And you said what skills do you have? And he was like, hmm, and he said, can you sweep floors? He said, yep. And now he's running media. Media manager. Media manager. So Jockel with main tie, self taught. It does some good work. Doing good work. Even to prove by actual Charles over there. So subscribe to those things. We got psychological warfare. I made it album. It's got tracks on it. I'm going to tell you when your moment's weakness. Not to be weak. And some some pragmatic reasons why that's not going to be a good call. What if like, you're about to like pound like half a container of Bucklova. Like is that like, I don't have one for them. Yeah, it's a lot of positive reinforcement there. Yeah, yes. Like kind of like it's kind of like it's kind of weird. Hard. Flipsidegames.com. My brother Dakota Meyer making cool stuff to hang on your wall. We got a bunch of books. I got a new book coming out called Final Spin. Available for pre order right now. And in fact. The, yeah, I just got done recording the audio. There's I read the audio. I was going to have actors and actresses do the audio. But then when you see the book and you read the book, you'll be like, doesn't fit because the book is just sparse and raw and bare and confrontational almost in its approach. And so having a bunch of actors and actresses wasn't like that. So I just read the author myself. So Final Spin. Pre order that I had a bunch of people I've had a bunch of people at camp. That preemptively apologized to me when they give me a book to sign. Because it's second edition. They're the dish whatever. They feel bad. I look, I don't want you to feel that bad about it. But let's face it. We both know that you have a titan. Very limited. So get that first edition final spin. Leadership strategy and tax field manual. The code, the evaluation of the protocol. This was free to them field manual way the work it went through three and four mic in the dragons about face by hack worth been signing that one lately. Which is cool extreme ownership and the dichotomy of leadership. Better wrote with my brother, Dave Babin. Excellent front speaking of the lab and we have a leadership consultancy. We solve problems through leadership. Go to echelonfront.com. If you want help inside your organization with leadership. That's also where you can find the details for our live events. Including the master, including field training exercises, including EF Battle field. Next, Master is Las Vegas. It's not on the strip of Las Vegas. It's at a place called the Red Rock Hotel. And so it's not one of those situations where you go and it's, oh we're just going to party. It's not like that. It's separate. So it's like a 20th. Maybe a 30 minute drive. So most of you don't want to come out and party anyways. But if you want to bring like your company out there and you're thinking, I don't want to have the issues of bringing everyone out there. It's not like that. So that's what we're doing. The next one, that's the next monster. It's in Las Vegas, October 28th and 29th. Also have online training, extreme ownership academy. What's cool is people from origin. Everybody, everybody's awesome. That's really a lot of our success in alignment with our management team. Middle management and our management is getting on there. My wife is a savage about it. Like if you miss a training. Like some serious shit better happen in your life. Like straight up. Why were you on the training? She's, she's, you know, I don't know. I've talked through Amanda. I'll talk Amanda through a few situations, you know, like over the years of, Okay, this is what's going on. She's like, hey, can you, can you make all the documents out this? And I think what she realizes is all that information that I've given her personally is also available to everybody on your team. And everybody who ever wants to sign in and want to incredible way. The thing about leadership is it's really easy to get distracted and go to your, your primordial instincts of how you, we think you should act. And that's wrong. In many cases, it's wrong. So getting that leadership primer every, you know, every couple times, three times a week, four times a week, checking in, seeing what's going on and getting that in your brain. It's so freaking good for you. So that's why it's awesome. You're life is in the game. Go to extremotorship.com. And if you want to help service members active, retired, their families, gold star families, if you want to donate or get involved in the charity organization called America's Mighty Warriors.org. It's run by Mark Lee's mom, momily. She's making things happen. She has a huge impact. So check out America's Mighty Warriors.org if you want to get involved or if you want to donate. And if you want more of my lagging, lyrical loaps. Very, or you need more of, well, you need more of Echo's chatter. Then, well, you can find us on the in-a-webs on Twitter on the Graham on Facebook. Echo's at Echo Charles. I am at Joccawane, compete. Unverified. I'm doing this. Is that Pete Ed Roberts? I got to change that. I'm just going to change it to Pete Origin. So if you think I should do that, I don't know. I think you should just use Origin USA. I do. Oh, no, I do. It's my primary. Yeah, so I think the other one, I don't know. What is it? But if it's going to grow like, well, my personal one, I do more personal stuff. And then, origin is kind of like, oh, so I should even say it right now. The personal one. Pete. If it's personal stuff. Pete.M.Roberts. I mean, it's, but when I say personal stuff, I like post training stuff. Yeah. I want you to just stuff. But it's not origin USA. It is. But Origin USA is going to grow well beyond me. Uh, you got to go back to that. Got it. Uh, do you have Twitter or origin BJJ? Are you in Twitter? Are you in the Twitter game anymore? I mean, I get on, like, once a month. So not really, not really. But I'm not, I get on there because I get a bunch of buildup messages and stuff. So. Jock if you will. Jock if you will.com. Yeah. It worked on the website for Jock. Origin.orginusa.com. Yes, sir. So that's where we're at. Did I miss anything? For, for how to find us? Nah. Yeah. I mean, and at this point, anyone that's still listening, it definitely knows where we're at. So we're just talking to like, let's talk about an audience at one. This is one person. That's working at 48 hours. Shit. It's a lot's going right now. That's like, man, I hope they keep talking. Yeah. That's the thing. That's the thing. That's the thing. But if you are still here and everybody that is here, man, thanks to all of you. Thanks for supporting the cause. Thanks for supporting Origin and Jock O'Fuel. And by doing that, thank you for supporting America. And look, everything that we're talking about. Every single thing that we're talking about, what we're doing right now, from the podcast that we're doing to the gear that we're making to the fuel that we're supplying to the world. Zero of this is possible without what you're doing without your support. And we are all in this together. So thank you. And let's freaking go. And tall and military right there. Out there right now. We are recording this in August 2021. Afghanistan is in a downward spiral. And I do not know what you all are going to be called to do. But I wish you good luck, Godspeed. And I know you will not fail your comrades and arms. And I know you will not fail our country. So thank you for your service. And thank you for putting yourselves in harm's way to protect the freedom that we enjoy and love here. So thank you. And to our police and law enforcement firefighters, paramedics, EMTs, dispatchers, correctional officers, border patrol, secret service. And all first responders. Thank you for protecting us and keeping us safe here on the home front. And anybody else out there. This is what we're doing. It's not just our dream. This is the American dream. That's what it is to create, to build, to work together, to help and support each other. That's what we're doing. To chase and grind and risk and work and execute and to turn this dream, our dream, your dream into a reality. And to quote, Lening. I can make that work. And we all can do the same thing. We can make this work. And until next time, this is Pete, Eneko, and Jocco. Out.