 This is Jockel podcast number 117 with echo Charles and me, Jockel willing. Good evening, I go. Good evening. And we're doing a Q&A tonight first one in a while. I've had a bunch of other guests and books and whatnot. So Q&A. Let's go. Cool. First question. Jockel from 115 podcast number 115 as a leader. How best to respond to someone like Corporal Meyer when he brings up good questions in a brief that need to be addressed without derailing the brief and calling your Competence slash authority into question. Okay. So what he's talking about is on podcast 115 with Dakota Meyer, which if you haven't listened to it, listen to it. It's long and it's very, I don't know. It's it's awesome. Anyways, it part of that podcast Dakota is getting told how they're going to conduct this operation and Dakota raises some point and says, what about this, what about that, and what about this other thing? And they don't listen to it. And so the question here is, if you're in charge, you're the leader and you get someone that brings up these questions during a brief during the plan that you need to be that need to be addressed. How do you do it? How do you handle that, probably? Okay. Well, first of all, and the most important part of this, is if you involve your team in the planning itself, you won't have these questions come up during the brief. They'll come up during the planning. So that's the ultimate and best way to solve this problem. You don't plan in a vacuum as the leader and then present the plan to the troops and expect that you're going to have the perfect plan. You did, it was only your brain working on it. What about everyone else's brain? What about everyone else's perspective? They have experience and they have knowledge that you don't have. So if you involve them in the planning, then they ask you those questions early and you figure out what the rights answers to those questions are. So that's how you solve the problem right there. Now, if it happens that for whatever reason you didn't have the opportunity to do that or you didn't do it well enough for whatever the case may be. And now you start getting questions on your plan while you're briefing. Well, first of all, if they ask you questions that you don't have answers to, then that could indicate that you're wrong actually. You could actually be wrong and not a lot of leaders like to feel that way, but you should actually be happy that someone on your team is pointing out something that is going to make the plan better as a whole. So there's that and it's really easy. If someone, if you're in a brief and someone brings up a point that you didn't think of and it makes sense, well, then you can implement that into the plan. Okay, so that now you might think that it hurts your authority. Right to say, hey, that's a good point, Echo. I didn't think of that. Let's implement. You might think or feel like that's going to make you look bad, but the opposite is actually true. If I go no Echo, hey, the plan's already completed. You weren't there for the planning, so just be quiet. That's the guy that no one respects. That's the guy that's not looking good as a leader. That's the person that's losing authority. So you don't look weak if you listen to members of the team, whether they're junior or senior. It also shows that you're incompetent if you because you miss the part, obviously the question is pertinent that they asked or I should say if the question is pertinent and it is a good point that it shows that you miss an important angle of the plan. So open your mind, open your put your ego in check and incorporate it in there. Now, this can also happen. If there's something that you know that you're right on, but something that you know that you're right on. If there's something like that and you and this, you know, maybe you get one particular individual that's keeps pushing back and keeps pushing back and you might have to in those cases say, you know what? Hey, Echo, let me talk to you after this brief is over and I'll explain to you exactly what we're doing it this way. So that way doesn't derail the brief because it might take a longer explanation than you want to, you know, for instance, the typical seal briefing was we try to keep it 50 minutes to an hour. So if you're got to spend eight minutes pulling up a different map and explaining some detail of the terrain to this guy that has a protest to what you're saying, you might say, hey, listen, when you get done with this brief, I'll pull you side. Let me show you the terrain map and you can see exactly why we're using this insertion router. Whatever the case may be. So you can do that if you have to and even then they might end up having a point that you didn't see and then you can say, okay, well, I didn't see that. Now we have to give everyone a quick, a rebreafing on some change in the plan. But again, none of this will happen if you bring your subordinates in and you let them first of all, let them do the planning. That's ideal. Let them come up with plan. I let echo come up with the plan. I'm not coming up with the plan. You go come up with the plan. I'm going to check with you and make sure that the plan is going in the right direction. Make sure it's not totally off track. And then you'll incorporate all these things and I'll have a better view of the plan. I can stand back and be the tactical genius as we talk about the book history of ownership. Like that's how you do it. So that's the answer. Well, at least is an answer. Yeah. Maybe other people have other answers. Seems to make sense to me. Yeah, that's that hard. It's hard, right? When you, when you, it's one of the things you always got to be conscious of when you have a plan or whatever. And someone for lack of better term poke souls in it. And be like, hey, what about this? What about this? And then you have those two elements that you got to keep in mind where it's like the fact that it's your plan and then the plan, you know, the effectiveness of your emotional attachment to the plan. Yeah. Yeah. You got to keep the emotional attachment to the plan. In Jack versus the actual effectiveness of the plan. Yeah. And people have a hard time doing that. And what's cool. What's cool is once you break away from that mindset, then it's really easy. Yeah. Just to be and everyone just kind of knows. Oh, yeah. Jockels. He's got an overmind. It wasn't to get as opposed to someone that has a closed mind, everyone goes, oh, you can't, you can't get anything by this guy. Yeah. You just, he's going to keep. He doesn't even help to point things out because he won't listen. And then guess what? You're using one brain versus 20 brains. And more important than the brain power, the perspective, the different perspective. Because the guys in the ground, the guys with the technical knowledge and the tactical knowledge, they're going to know things that you don't know. That's the way it is. You can't know everything that they know. And so if you shut down all those different perspectives, you're looking at something from one angle. You know. Do you see the whole complete picture when you only look at something from one angle? No, you don't know, sir. Use those other perspectives. You know, check self-correcting machine. Yeah. You can let go of the ego, the taking it personal. Well, personal. When I was in the seal teams, I called it the emotional attachment to the plan. Yeah. Because I see these people come up with plans and they would be so addicted to their own plan, only because it was their own plan. Not for any, not for any tactical strategic or operational reason whatsoever. Yeah. Yeah. They just like the because they thought of it. Yeah. That's natural. Yeah. It's very natural. Yeah. And there's some element of benefit to that, right? Because if you're passionate about your plan and I'm passionate about my plan as long as we can eventually come to compromise, then we've put forth the best idea. Because I don't want you to not be passionate about your plan while you're planning it. I want you really to come up with the best plan that you really believe in. And it's interesting. You know, you talk about poking holes, right? Poking holes in the plan. And we all know that it's very easy to sit back and poke holes. Oh, yeah. And what I'm telling you to do as a leader is to absolutely do that. Not be a jerk. No, no, and I'm talking as a leader. If I, if I let you do the planning, then it's easy for me to sit back and poke holes in the plan, which is good. It's good because we're going to come up with, we're going to fill those holes. Once I poke the holes, we're going to fill them. They're going to know that they're taking care of. Also, as a leader from a, from a perspective point, you think, hey, Jockle really knows what's going on. He was able to find these holes in the plan. The real reason I was able to find him is just because I was not totally at at minuscule detail with the plan. You were, I was up at altitude relaxing looking around. Yeah, it's kind of, I don't want to say cheating. But you know, cheating. Yeah, it's cheating. You're cheating. It's that much easier. It's so much easier to sit back and do it. Yeah, and let things go that way. Like when you know when you watch a movie and you have like some critique, the movies outstanding and then you have some critique, I had to show that guy for that role or whatever. Meanwhile, the movies like ground breaking, whatever. You know, so it's easy to poke holes in the movie. Meanwhile, like, yeah, when it's done, you're all like poking holes up the little imperfections. Do that all the time. Make sense. They dig it. Is that happening with your videos? Is that what they're saying? Probably. In your way. Next question. We have been training due to for two months now. We started actually rolling a few weeks ago for my knees on the mat, like not starting from standing. I've trained for an executed multi, oh, I've trained for and executed multiple marathons, competed, completed a number of tough motors, trained hard and crossfit, hiked, biked, so I am. And nothing compares to the total mental and physical exhaustion. I feel after training due to it's how can I combat this? Time. Train more supplements. Just suck it up. When I get home, I'm so beat in the next morning. I wake up feeling like I was hit by a boss. I'm dying on that feeling. This might be exhaustion and still sucking at it. It's super fun. Okay. So that's the GG2. That's it. Okay. So there's a couple of things here. Yes, it's going to take some time. You're going to have to train. You train more. Your body will become condition to it. That's probably number one. Number two is, and this is so hard for people to do. Relax. It's really hard. It's really hard for people to do, especially when you first start out. I realize that the way you get to a point when you start to relax is when the capability of your technique surpasses the capability of your strength. So if I know that I can escape your choke attempt by holding your hand and pulling your thumb and pulling your arm off, and that's what I know. That's what I'm going to do. When I realize that I can use a technical escape of swimming my arm in and then placing my hips on the ground and then scooting away from your choke, I'll do that instead. But until we figure out the techniques, all we have is muscle. So the way you do is you just have to keep training and you can train. Can people actually when they try and relax do they actually get you tell me. So I always tell people like relax more. Like someone will say I just can't relax. I'll be like relax harder. But it's so hard for people to relax because people say oh when I relax I just get submitted. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So but if you relax you'll at least be aware of what's happening. And if you relax you can think about the technical movement that you're supposed to do to escape. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like just like how you sit though. If you don't know the move you're just going to go with what you know and it's going to be the spas in one way or another. If you if you guys on you it's like a never effective. Because I'll I'll go and say yes. Yes. Sometimes I have to spas and it Dean calls me out on that a lot. Well here's the thing. You're a good defense. You're just spashing. Well but you're spashing. There has a big more than a sprinkle of technique and that's the thing. If true. Like you and I told you this one time you know how like if you say yeah you're strong and that's kind of an insult in due to because like saying yeah you're strong but you don't have technique it's kind of like that's what you're in playing. But and I said this to you one time I was like you have like strength you're strong and you were like not defensive but you were like no I have technique or whatever and I was like yeah I know that I was like shoot that sounded bad. I mean you have technique. We already know that. You've been training for 25 million years and you have good technique but with that technique is like a lot of strength in there. Like when you um there's like stuff oh yeah when like if you if all be inside control on on top on you and you have this like first of your hands are in the correct spot just to be in with. That's to be and you can just kind of get your leg and real easy every single time. Like I can't stop it stop it and I'm not weak. I'm not weak but it's like the strength of that move is it. It's unstoppable and that's what I said it. I was like you're like strong when you do a technique it's like it's a strong technique. Yeah and I would say though there's a lot of oh I would say it's probably 70% technique and 30% strength. Which which may confirm what you're saying. That 30% strength is still more than if someone has 70% technique but they have only 10% strength to get back it up. Yeah fully and even saying it's you know 70% technique 30% strength. I mean that's going to vary from time from moment to moment or experience history. So if you're spashing even that's going to be a spectrum like how much strength do you use this technique kind of thing? That's because you can't spell for a long time. No you can use it. You can use it. You can use it. You can use it. Yeah. So when I say you're strong here's the thing the fact is you're strong regardless of your your technique or not you can live a lot of ways your big trigrab like I'll grab your wrist and when you break the grip of the wrist it's way more violent than the typical person. You're strong person. So there's no denying that I know it sounds like an insult to it but nonetheless back to the point. Yeah so if you if you have strength going in before you gain all that technique over the or the years just like how you said that's what you're going to use. So the key is here I think is to consciously and it's not easy. Consciously focus on the technique. Consciously like remember okay where am I? I mean half guard right now because you know all like in the beginning when you first learn the the positions you're like half guard is real clear guard is real clear. When you start rolling around your halfway upside down maybe your twisting maybe your arms in the wrong spot across your body so like you kind of don't remember oh wait I'm in half guard right now or I'm upside down but I'm in you know I'm on his back still or whatever so you don't it doesn't just stick in your mind what position you're in but if you can do that then it starts getting getting routine so now after that you can figure out okay my safe here because that's why you spas that's why you you can't relax because you don't know if you're safe or not so you're just trying to move and get out of there or you know get that's a mission hurry up before he does something you know where the supplies to life this applies to life in when you're interacting with other people and you start to let's say you and I are having a disagreement about something right and you start getting the upper hand on me and instead of me trying to use a technique to get out all I do is go let's do Brideco you're done or something right I just are interrupting you're cutting off raising my voice I'm actually losing now and I don't you know but I'm relying on brute force as opposed to technique now it could be also like we talked about earlier could be that I'm wrong and if instead of admitting that I'm wrong or or taking like you're saying relax and looking at the technique and saying you know what echo has a point here that I can't debate against he's right and I'm wrong I need to admit that same thing if you came up with an idea for the plan and your idea was better than mine or you had a point that I needed to bring into the plan unless I unless I can relax and actually pay attention then I'm not going to be able to do that so that's how well that's one of the many ways when I always talk about GJ2 applying to life this is another example of where hey if the argument starts to escalate and you're using brute force to get out of it you're not winning just like you're not winning in GJ2 it's you're gonna gas out you're gonna lose yeah don't use brute force yeah yeah not even 30% well maybe sometimes 30% okay the other thing is the other thing that's hard and it's well it's it's attached to what you're saying don't have death matches every time yeah right don't it like you find a partner and just be like okay let's try and make sure that we're not using so much strength I can roll with you or with Dean or with Andy or whoever for a long time and it's you know we're sweating or tired but we're not using all this strength we're not walking off the mat with a with with a burned-out muscles yeah it's a different it's more of a cardio I would say then then a strength thing when you get to a higher level because you're you're just movement it's movement that's happening you know when to you know when someone's gonna accomplish something and if you're gonna fight it with muscle you're gonna you're gonna end up losing yeah and it goes back to the time thing where how does that seem to be is it more time and the answer is yeah it's more time because like you you learn that and again like where knowing where to be and where not to be where you're safe and where you're not safe or in your jutsu is a big deal so you know how like okay let's say and I know this with you because let's say if I pass your guard sorry you let me pass your guard I don't know you don't spaz and like you know like an tournament where the guys like really trying hard not to let you settle in guard and so that's a different scenario of course but you never do that you it's like you get to a point pass your guard once you kind of get there you just you settle and you're kind of relaxing because you it seems like anyway that you know you're not in danger for a submission so that's kind of really where the focus is it's it's not the fact that ooh he passed my guard oh no that's terrible it's not that it's okay now what technique do you need to implement to keep myself safe and the more you know about the jutsu the more you realize it doesn't take a huge amount of energy to to implement that technique it's usually just like an arm position make sure his hip is like over there and not over here and that's kind of that's it that's pretty much it but if you don't know that you're like oh man you're using your whole body to get out of there kind of thing and that's that's where you're leaving no reserves in a military perspective in a military you're always supposed to keep your reserves as long as you can oh yeah you're just you then all reserves trying to spaz out and get out of a dominant position you're also attacking a dominant position when you're spazzing to try and get out you're you're just going crazy trying to get out of this confirmed position I mean across the side or the mount those are positions that are really sure there's a transitional time when you should definitely spaz to try and get out once that's surpassed well now you're just you're just expanding energy yeah so defense learning check your diet too if you're like really sore and everything make sure you're getting enough protein make sure you're getting enough fat make sure you're getting maybe get some uh get some superkrill or some or some joint warfare or both because you your body needs it so just other things to try and put off that soreness in the pain yeah all right yeah well that twisting yeah there's definitely you know well yeah it's hard under joints yeah yeah hard yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah they get a workout you know they get a workout that you won't be getting doing other stuff unless yeah you know construction or something you know something like that same thing you're gonna get joint stuff that's how but yeah keep it supposed to be fun the death matches though death matches yeah white belt death matches yeah probably um i would estimate 40% of all injuries in Gjitsu come from white belt death matches is that you think that's a good number yeah if not higher yeah full on yeah yeah yeah yeah check okay next question you talk about you talk about empathy and perspective and building relationships as a leader but i look at leader a leader like Steve Jobs who's known for his hostile attitude toward people isn't that being de-falte aggressive like you talk about if i'm more naturally that type of leader should i go with it if it worked for Steve Jobs shouldn't it work for me so that's a good question and i haven't actually read the book about Steve Jobs and i think there's probably more than one but there's one that's real popular real thick and someone gave it to me and i have it and i will someday but i haven't read it yet and i've heard it's really good and all that and i that being said i've i've heard the same things about you know Steve Jobs at leadership style he was real tyrannical and i pulled a couple things here just from well here we go in his book about jobs time at next and returned apple the second coming of Steve Jobs Allen dogeman described jobs rough treatment of his underlings he would praise is the quote he would praise and inspire them often in very creative ways but he would also resort to intimidating goding berating belittle belittling and even accumulating them so and there's another article by Ronald regio who's a PhD in psychology and the article came from psychology today and it says he was obsessively controlling and given to fits of rage throwing tantrums and yelling at employees and board members he could tear down someone's ideas or the person himself in a public display some of said he took credit for others ideas and his confidence led to a sort of over the top arrogance so the guys kind of tyrannical one time when they were putting together the mobile me application and it wasn't working well and jobs told the team that was putting it together you when it wasn't working you've tarnished apples reputation you should hate each other for having let each other down so okay so first of all let's look at the fact and you've heard me say this before that people's strengths are their weaknesses and their weaknesses can be their strengths so in Steve Jobs case obviously some of this stuff some of his weaknesses that we're talking about here were also strengths because he was totally beyond driven right he was completely obsessed with doing good and all that and and he pressed toward his vision extremely hard he was relentless in trying to make things happen and again those are very positive characteristics if you got someone that's really driven and they're driven to the point of almost being obsessed and you you take that and those are kind of good characteristics but when they go to far this is why it's dichotomous the balance of leadership right when when you go to far you become a tyrannical leader which is not good it's not good for a team and it's and it's an a team that is subjected to that kind of attitude will not perform as well as a unified team period period so the guy was clearly hostile and at the same time clearly he was one of the most successful business leaders in history right so would you look at him and say okay well maybe I should be that way maybe I should be a tyrannical leader and I would say to that no you do not get to do that and here's why let's look at some other characteristics that Steve Jobs had first of all he was perhaps the foremost technological visionary in the history of the world right I mean he had a vision of technology that very few people in the history in the world of had and I will go a little bit more narrow I think he understood things on another level when it came to technology that the part of how human beings would interact with technology that's the part that I think he really had just incredible vision for he realized like oh these people who want to compete in their house and they want to reflect the way they live and they're going to want music in their pocket they're going to want all of their music in their pocket and they're going to want a phone that can do you know he had this vision of how people would interact with technology that I don't think too many people had so so that's number one number two he had a phenomenal feel for design right for design and how to merge form and function together in in an aesthetically pleasing and and oftentimes stunning way right if you look at the design and that's on common especially for someone to have that feel for design and still have a massively technical background right so so that again we're we're we're making a person that's like 1% of 1% of 1% already on top of that he got into business his business at the right time in the right place he had the right background on top of that the guy could speak well the guy was very articulate right he was very articulate with his vision if you if you watch his keynote speeches that he would give at the whatever it is when they have the Apple convention what's that thing called the Apple Command they have that thing we get up on stage and he talk about stuff and he would articulate that and he would do it with real clarity and he was very convincing and he was very captivating and people were you know they'd say Apple's a cult they'd follow that guy so he had all those skills those world class skills and I'm not using that term lately I'm talking world class skills and then they're all those world class skills are combined together into one package one human being and there you got you got Steve Jobs so he's got all those advantages and then on top of that he's had some luck along the way right yet some luck in his timing and just upbringing and and the exposures that he got and being exposed to computer programming and those things back in the day was rare and he got lucky and having that unfold from so he had all these things going for him that helped propel him and his company to the top so now if you're thinking maybe you should use his leadership style the the the questions that you should ask yourself is are you all one in a billion technological visionary or visionary of any kind the answer that is likely no and if you think it's yes maybe you should check your ego a little bit then you have to ask yourself do you have an eye for design on artistic eye for design like like divinci or Michelangelo if you have that you you you probably don't if you think you have that maybe you should check his ego again are you a gifted speaker and storyteller and can you convey your vision with total clarity to big giant groups broad groups of people and if you think you can do that again you should check your ego can you count on luck or do you want to count on luck to to close the gaps in some of those other areas so if you could do all those things if you answered yes 100% to all those questions and okay maybe you can get away with being a kind of leader that Steve Jobs was but if you're a normal person if you're a normal human being then maybe you should try and be a good leader and maybe you should be a leader that build relationships and forms cohesive teams and coalitions that help you drive your mission forward despite the ups and downs of whatever business you're in so that's it Steve Jobs had a lot of other things that made him successful and leadership and and he I'm going to eventually read the book but he clearly had some people around him that that utilized that skill the skills that he did had and have and move help moving forward right other people at the company other people early in Apple saw that hey you know what this guy he might be a little bit hard to deal with but he's got some things that we won't find anywhere else so let's prop them up and let's move forward and that's that's the way it works yeah I think they call that survivor ship bias where you're like you see oh you see a successful guy you know yeah yeah he did it that way so let's do it that way but yeah you kind of don't see all the other factors or whatever almost like you if you really think about it if Steve Jobs were to be like in these tyrannical ways or whatever if you were to be less like that maybe there would be more because they were more similar but he was so strong in these other areas that it kind of like mitigated the effects you know there's there's businesses that are successful because there are successful business model and they have really bad leadership yeah and even that kind of mess there's still kind of thing that yeah even the bad leadership doesn't if it's the the model is so good yeah which is a little bit contrary because you know I always say leadership's the most important thing on the battlefield but in the business world if you have a phenomenal idea then you can you can be successful on that idea alone now that is that is a unicorn that is one of those rare things where you have something that's that incredibly different and stands out from the crowd so much that it's going to be successful no matter what you know when the when the early gyms MMA type gyms if you had one you were successful didn't matter what kind of leader you were because you had you had it and now there's competition if you're not if you're not good leadership and you're not putting forth a good product amongst all the competitors you're going to have problems yeah you're going to have problems with it yeah and the more I kind of listen to you in life the more I realize that even then the like it's almost like you have to have a minimum level of leadership like you don't be have to be perfect if you have one of these situations where the product of the business is so good but still even your leadership can mess that oh yeah you can absolutely because you shouldn't yeah like here in a situation where like no no no one wants to work for you now what oh yeah good nice MMA gym you don't have any you got to work there yeah you know the whole time and you can't you know so it's going to kind of fall apart after a while so maybe like in the beginning it would be good but it'll fall apart because of your last year for sure and you can see that I mean who's the guy that just got removed from Uber I'd have to go into the I'd have to really drill down on it but the CEO of Uber got removed and you know the business models awesome yeah and they still remove the CEO why because there's there's issues there yeah and so well it's a great business model but we still need good leadership yeah so yeah like you like I'm basically confirming what you just said the good business model will get you to a certain level but then to get to the next level you're gonna need leadership and that's why leadership's the most important thing on the battlefield mm-hmm so what the moral don't necessarily be tyrannical little in fact don't be straight up tyrannical don't be and I'm not saying that there's not times where you have to have a little tyrannical flare because they're there maybe times where you need to where you need to flare up a little bit yeah but it should be rare yeah it should be rare the problem is it becomes a crutch for people and then they just continue to do it more and more and more and then it doesn't work it's like it's kind of like drugs to regret the like when you like when you flare up on someone and and you win or whatever you know you kind of like it worked yeah I worked and you kind of like it feels good feels powerful so I think some people that's how you know so they'll do it in an a work and they'll be like yeah I will need that little yeah and what's even worse is like when you when that's where you you learn from someone that's what you saw and then you do it and you go out work for me too and all you have to be is treat people bad and be a jerk and yell and my subordinates will do what I tell them to do and they will right a subordinate will if you bark at them and scream at them they're going to do what you say at the moment the problem is what kind of team of you built that's the problem what is that subordinate going to do when you're not there they're going to do everything they can to cut corners and and really they don't care about they don't care about you they don't want to do good job for you yeah so when you're not there they're not going to do a good job for you yeah so you get addicted to yelling and screaming but it doesn't work in the broad sense of what you're trying to make happen yeah slowly pulling apart that's a question i'm 26 years old i'm currently an undercover detective i've recently been told that i'm being promoted to sergeant over department's investigations division i've been the youngest person to hold that position in our department's history all the guys i'll be in charge of our much older some in their late 40s how do i as a younger leader lead them how do you demand an earn respect from an older group i'm ready for the job and know what the job entails but i'm nervous to lead a group of nine people that are all older than me so i'm i've answered this question over and over again and i'm going to do a quick job over here just because people may not they have gone back and listen to all all the other podcasts but you have listened the answers always the same and it's always the same whether you're a young person leading old person whether you're an old person leading young for people whether you're a woman leading man a man leading man leading women whether you're coming in from a different department into a new department that you don't know anybody whether you're going into a thing that you don't have the experience it's like all of the same basically what it is you're going into a leadership position yeah that's what it is be humble listen take advice build relationships keep your ego in check also that one of the reasons i pulled the dead pull this question i was like how do you demand respect will be answers you don't demand respect and if you don't if you do demand respect you'll get anything but respect from people so so get that out of your head you earn respect and how do you earn respect you respect them in this case you respect their experience you respect their knowledge you respect it they've been doing it for a long time you have respect for it and when you show respect for them they're going to respect you back now none of this means be passive right this doesn't mean coward down no you you still have to lead you still have to step up but it does mean be humble be open minded be proactive listen ask questions ask for opinions decentralized all aspects of operations including the planning which we already talked about and then with all those things set a high standard and then the final and most important well I don't know it's equally important I'd say work harder than everyone else and expect nothing in return that's it that's it you're the boss you better be it you better be at work before everyone and you better be leaving work after everyone and that's how you develop a reputation of being a hard worker and being a hard worker and it's own right garners respect from most people there's there's a fraction of losers that are like oh echo he works so much it's it's so lame like no like as I'm making him look bad or something like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah like there's a small fraction of people that that might think that way but but no you work harder you you put in the time you put in the effort you study you read which you're supposed to read you get the professional knowledge that you're supposed to get you don't impose that on people yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah because you're your book knowledge when you start off in this situation your book knowledge isn't as strong as the experience guys in in this case you know in the in the law enforcement the guys that have been in the streets they know stuff that you don't know yeah so you study what you can but you keep an open mind so you can listen to what their experience says yeah okay don't impose on them wait when you say don't impose it on them does that mean don't impose them like make them it's like them echo section four two alpha of the document says that we're supposed to use this methodology when we do this you should know that methodology you should understand why that methodology is important but if you say hey juggle we don't do that way and here's why I shouldn't be like oh I'm telling you that's by the book yeah it's by the book now if it's by the book because it's there's an ethical reason okay well that makes sense but if it's by the book because that's what the book says but by the book yeah yeah or you know the guy who's like who works extra hard but he kind of in a way throws it in everyone's face how hard he works you know don't do that guy that's that's an important thing it's a very important piece don't you don't step on people's toes with this stuff yeah that's wrong don't do that yeah let's check check X-Wish juggle I'm extremely extremely driven and have high expectations for myself and my team it appears that now I may have pushed them too hard and their developing negative attitudes I feel like you're going to say play the game and develop relationships with them which are really just ignore who I am should I try to be someone different than myself yeah well you called it question person whoever has this question you called I it's exactly what I'm gonna say I'm gonna say you need to play the game look at what your current path has done look at what you the real you look what it's done the real you has created a negative attitude with all your team that's the real you so is that what you want to perpetuate creating negative attitudes against your with your team and by the way they're just getting started and if you think negative if you think you're going to keep acting the same way and the negative attitude they're going to somehow miraculously turn positive that's not happening they're going to get more negative yeah so when people have negative attitudes I saw somebody quoted this the other day on social media somewhere you know the quote was like no no no it's not my fault when I my subordinates have a bad attitude or something like that and about a bunch of people responded you should read the book extreme ownership because it absolutely is your fault it is your fault if your team has a bad attitude it's your fault you're the leader you only attitude if they're attitude is bad then it's then it's actually your fault now this is not to say that you can't have a bad apple on the team that's completely possible and who's responsible for getting rid of the bad apples you are you're the boss because the fact of the matter is you might have a uh bad apple on your team you might even have two bad apples on your team you don't have 14 bad apples on the team when you have 14 battles the apples on the team guess who the problem is it's you so here's what you do little little tactical advice trying get some perspective from them trying to understand where they're coming from what challenges they face what's pulling them off track and when you do this you kind of take ownership of it in your approach so you say hey guys I realize I don't think I'm really seeing things from your point of view and I need to because I'm here to support you and without you performing well then we fail so I think I need to do a better job supporting you and I can only do that if I know what your issues are so I can do my best to get them fixed so what can I do better to help you right so now they're going to start telling you all here's what here's that's problem there's that problem and then what you do is you listen to their problems you actually listen to their problems you don't say hey you're complaining no you actually listen to their problems and then you actually see what you can do to mitigate their issues and as you do that guess what's happening you're actually forming a bond you're actually forming into a team because you're working together to solve issues again I it sounds really simple right but clearly here's someone asking this question now again like if you have some members of the team that are that are actual negative complaining winers then you might have to get rid of them and that's part of being a leader is knowing when you have to get rid of someone you know I sometimes people they they take the extreme ownership attitude and they say you know what I'm the leader I own everything I'm extreme ownership and if someone's not performing well then that's my fault yeah that's my fault I need to coach more I need to I need to do it's my fault that my team member is not doing well and that's correct it is your fault it's your responsibility to train them coach them mentor and do whatever else you can do to fix them but at the end of the day if they still are not competent at their task and you've done everything you can it's your responsible to get rid of them that is also a part of ownership so yeah like I'll have someone complaining that they've got oh this you know one of my team leaders like they're talking about their subordinate team leaders no no one might this this guy is you just a bad leader why is he still here oh your team that team isn't doing well because they have a bad leader who's fault is that well the leaders fault no it's your fault you're in charge of the leader yeah is ridiculous so back to the original question you're whatever you call that you're who you actually are is not working well he probably is thinking he's a Steve Jobs type I have you know what you call we gotta do this but it's not working and he's not in a unicorn business model that's still making a ton of money regardless so what does he have to do play the game build relationships see the perspective of your team so that you can actually form a team be a better leader that's basically what I'm saying yeah so they and it's interesting the you know what they call framing you know you frame something in a certain way to make it kind of sound a certain way whatever so he's an extremely driven and have high expectations for myself and my team it appears that now I may have pushed them too hard and they're developing negative attitude so having extremely being extremely driven and having high expectations doesn't equal driving them too hard so they develop negative attitude those are two different things you know you can still be extremely high expectations you can be driving extremely hard and you can still have a incredibly positive attitude with your team yeah no doubt yeah good point so and then it gets equated into that's just who I am so he just kind of put it all into one ball and without one there's no other kind of situation it's just not how it is so apparently you might be committed he might be committed to being all of these things and that's who I am and that's kind of it you know kind of thing and I think that's like the mistake planning people make we say this a lot where people will be like hey I'm just straightforward you know take me take it or leave it kind of thing and be like okay but you're gonna in your case lose you know in your in your situation that's the big piece is that in their case they're gonna lose yeah so let me ask you this question if you're so driven and you have such high expectations that you want to win so bad but the way you're performing as a human being and as a leader is going to make you lose then what are you supposed to do if you change the way you behave you will come a better leader yeah that's what you do yes sir so you take and this is total speculation on my part but you keep so this equation that we're presented with being extremely driven keep that high expectations keep that pushing your team hard keep that I would say too hard and that's gonna be a judgment call from day to day for sure but there's a parting here that's more implied that you're being an asshole somewhere in here you're being an asshole how about you take out that part take out the being the asshole part and then keep everything else see all that goes yeah because you kind of know when you're being a dick you don't see unless you're like not being honest with yourself there are some people that don't there's some people that don't get it there's some people that don't get it all right because it's like you know how like when you don't like people they just can't step outside of themselves and you said to me I wouldn't care kind of thing and be like bro you you know you're not me and why am I you kind of yeah you're right they kept attached yeah absolutely people that don't know yeah socially incapable of receiving you know clues social clues yeah people social cues from people yeah you know they don't see the look in their face when they're talking to them yeah that's true I mean I'm thinking of like three examples for sure there's all kinds of examples yeah also that then that would go back to what you're saying how you see get input from them you're just so you got to kind of yeah see yeah you can do it that's a solvable problem so this is a very solvable problem and I've seen people solve this problem I've helped people solve this exact problem and the weird thing is they think and it's part ego but it's also part they're just don't present they think they're doing a great thing like they think that they're driving everything that they're doing in their mind they're just awesome for being supproposient so hard it's just the way I am and all that stuff and they think it's awesome but again if you want to win so bad then you have to play the game you won't win by abusing people you won't win with a team anyways you won't it won't happen yeah it's no use being the best dancer if you're not invited on the dance floor I'll leave that one with you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah always that cool next question actually that problem is so solvable that you could this is possible where you could just show just that much like more I don't know caring or respect just that much respect and do for like two weeks yeah just the idea that just the fact that you're doing it now people will be like hey wait you should leave it here's the thing here's the thing if a person has an ego which this person could very well have a big ego because that's why they have these high expectations and that's why they're so driven because they just they if they have that kind of ego that's the person that you can't help because if they just look at the team and say those guys should be harder workers yeah those guys aren't working as hard as me they're not as focused as I am they don't care as much as I do so to everyone else on the team has a problem but I'm perfect and you can't you know look at how driven I am look at how focused I am look at how high my expectations are of myself but if you can here's another thing if your team cannot relate to your expectations like they don't even they don't even see him as realistic or achievable or anything what could have your expectations yeah what good are they they're only good okay they don't make any sense next question dear juggle I've been watching some of you YouTube links with great interest must be a subscriber to the YouTube channel yeah watch the videos I'm sure you're extremely busy but I have a question which if you have time I would greatly appreciate your reply I have taken the light opening very much so I'm going to incorporate that approach I've been I've taken up BJJ G2 recently in London in the UK so so a beginner I know you're a great advocate of the system but my basic question is your opinion does it truly relate to real life fight situations I'm a man now approaching my mid 40s in pretty good shape that I'm looking to focus on a martial art that would help me if I ever need to defend myself or my family I love the discipline and humility of BJJ and as a workout I know and I know the philosophy of BJJ is that most fights end up on the ground and it's here that BJJ excels but what of the other guys or what of the other guys who might be standing around ready to battle bottle you or kick you in the hand once you're grappling on the ground etc again this is a question that first of all we I mean I have to listen a lot of times sure but I'll answer it one more time here uh it. BJJ is the best place to start you should also learn boxing wrestling kick boxing this is all in discipline because freedom field manual so if you get that book you this will be laid out for you very well does so so yes that's what you should start studying with this guy mid 40s needs wants to learn something yes start with your jitsu does it relate to real life situations yes it does it absolutely does I've been in them it's extremely effective and you can see that over and over again speaking of YouTube you can see how effective your jitsu is in real fights now it's important to remember that for self defense the grappling arts in general should be used primarily to get away it to avoid going to the ground right like when you bring up oh well there's one of those other people that might be there you you should why are you on the ground jjitsu will give you the best opportunity to get up off the ground that's what it gives you and then you can get away from the people that are getting ready to stick you with a bottle smashed bottle or getting ready to kick you in the head if you don't know jjitsu guess what you're doing you're on the ground and you're getting kicked in the head and you're getting stabbed with a bottle that's why you train jjitsu so you can get up off the ground not so you can take someone to the ground because by the way and I've said this before if your goal is to punch me and you're standing at a punching distance or striking distance from me I can just run away that's myself defense I can get away from you so that's why we train jjitsu that's the primer that's why you should start with it because otherwise I'm just gonna get away from you if you're not grab if once you grab me though I can't get away from you anymore now I have to be able to do handle myself that's why I know jjitsu so I can handle myself once you've grabbed me if you're not grabbing me I can just get away from you I can just run away from you if you don't want to run away because it's gonna hurt your pride well then guess what that's that's why you train all the time I mean now we go back and forth and we can talk about all the negative things that will happen if you get into a street fight like the fact that you can get hurt you can get stabbed you can get shot you can get sued you can get arrested you can ruin your life you can do all these horrible things can happen if you get in a street fight so so so that's why my advice to you is to avoid street fights yeah that's what you do and by the way that's why you work on your awareness that's why you make your your your your wife and your children aware of what's going on around them to pay attention to what's happening in the street so one thing that was interesting when I was in Australia and I was in the nice part of Australia there's and I was talking to some people about it you know there's just a very relaxed atmosphere where I was I was standing at a very nice part of Australia there's a very relaxed atmosphere when you're in America there's a heightened atmosphere there's a heightened awareness you have to have and depending on where you are and it's the same thing I'm sure in Australia I'll go on the way to the nice part I'm sure you could go to some some tough areas where you better be more aware of what's happening but teach your kids because some kids don't know the difference maybe you don't even know the difference of what to look out for what kind of people you need to watch out for in the street so work on that and then yes train and up here in U.K. and of course I've said this before if you're truly in a situation where you feel threatened on the regular basis well then what you need is a firearm because if someone's going to attack you with a knife or with a bottle or with themselves having a gun the only you did to it's going to help you boxing is going to help you as scream is not going to help you someone has a gun so yeah and by the way oh yeah if you're in a knife fight and you know some a scream of that will help you but what if the other guys better than you what what if there's two of them the minute you put two people against one the odds of winning are it just extremely low extremely low does it happen yes it happens can you knock someone out yes you can that's why you train boxing yeah so yes again train some jiu jitsu start there and go and keep going and don't stop yeah yeah it seems like this question always comes from a place where they just assume all these things and those things are I'm going to choose to get in a fight with someone bring it to the ground in the middle of the street or in the club I don't know wherever wherever there's potential other attackers with bottles man kicks to the head and so all these things are just assumed kind of like yeah you take jitsu now you can go to the club and get in fights and win all the time it's kind of like that's kind of where the questions coming from where how you said yeah it allows you to get up and so basically it allows you to control your situation your fight scenario yeah more yes and I would even say it allows you a lot more to control it because even if even if you do take it let's say you take it to the ground I met more by a little bit more than nothing yeah no yeah I'm saying a lot more because really when you think of it and I try to granted them yeah even like at a beginner level so let's say okay if you choose to engage with someone and some kind of fight right it's up to you how heavy you want to take that fight you you want to go to 10 you go to 10 you want to go to just one you can go to one so if you wind up on the ground which is the worst place to be if you don't know anything on the ground yeah and that's a side from how you said if the guy's a gun in shoot you that's a dare you're talking about that's not even a fight scenario that's you know so you wind up on the ground it's a gunfight yeah if you know boxing you're gonna have almost no control over that scenario we're in the comments on the ground top yeah yeah your boxing is your boxing is not worthless you know marginalized we'll say but it's heavily marginalized yeah heavily marginalized yeah same thing with you know kickboxing and whatever so there's that if you know Jesus you're just a little bit of Jesus too if you're on the ground you have control over the fight more depending on your level whatever so if you if you're at that point still facing a threat of someone with a bottle or kicks to the head or whatever while you're on the ground compare if you know Jesus you're still saving way more control way more so meanwhile like the box situation or karate situation whenever it's gonna be less effective in controlling your situation no if you don't look at it like that like if you look at it like okay this guy's squaring up to me now I want to mess it up as quickly as I can then okay you know like you can do boxing and just take it to ten but you don't have the option of taking it from one two through nothing like yeah but the other thing is like it's hard to knock someone out that's the thing it's hard to knock someone out does it happen yeah it does happen and it can happen you do it can happen you do it's but it's hard to knock someone out and it's it's risky as soon as you start saying okay you and I are gonna just trade punches there's a risk for both of us there's a risk for me the assurance of me being able to handle the situation the way I want it to go by closing the distance with you getting control getting a hold of you if I'm trained and you're not you're you're you're you're you're done you're done right that's the way it works yeah and then even then that's like if you choose for this guy to be done so if you're if your sole purpose is to keep yourself safe yeah you could just put the guy to sleep and walk away yeah or gently lame down like I'm not even heard I'm not gonna put him to sleep nothing mount you see a guy you can see the guy coming with a bottle or whatever anymore if you know you get to so yeah well there's the whole thing of when you're just used to the physical contact the the the body's clashing and you know grappling let's shock yeah so yeah trained to get to train boxing wrestling kick boxing and then of course now people will be like what about judo yes trained judo what about sombo yes trained sombo what else what else do I need to cool what about crawvlogger sure train it yeah train everything yeah I'm down I think star would you do what you said on a real general level is the most critical things like when someone gets a hold of you like and you put this into perspective a while ago when you were like yeah if someone wants to fight you walk away for run away you can use a butt and you said all these scenarios you run away you go away you want to keep yourself safe you don't be there the best thing to do to avoid the the getting punched falling on the curb dying getting stabbed getting kicked getting stabbed with the bottle getting arrested getting lawsuit getting all those things happening the best thing to run away walk away yeah leave fully and then you said but what happens when you can't run away because I grab there you have it yeah so yeah so it seems like yeah I'm gonna train boxing so I can do self-defense oh no you want to fight somebody that's what you want to do you want to punch people in the face well boxing juditsu I mean yeah I mean boxing is a skill that every but he should have not everyone good people should have because there's two critical things on that that you learn from boxing is how to punch people and how to avoid getting punched yeah and how to keep your guard up right it was an important it was a really important skills to have yeah fully but what what I mean is if you're starting from nothing and you're like okay I'm gonna you know I'm gonna choose to address myself defense you situation you have a fantasy that you saw a guy on youtube that was clearly a boxer knock up knock out two people in a street fight and you're like that's what I'm gonna do yeah yeah and what you actually watched was a guy that was a golden gloves boxer yeah who is sober knock out two drunk idiots and guess what a golden gloves boxer will do that if you're a part of the golden gloves boxer they're freaking good they're freaking good they're they're they're you know like a black belt in boxing yeah and they will knock out two drunk guys all day long yeah yeah it's weird too because he kind of but if one of those if a third drunk guy or even that first drunk guy grabs a hold of the boxer and just and gets him to the ground the boxer's gonna be in trouble yeah that's the way it is we and this is like my thoughts this is fact this is like I talked about this in this in the field manual is like look there's no conjecture it's not like I wonder what would happen no we know what happens we know what happens when two people fight and and you can watch all the different various types of styles going at it and you can watch what happens and sure you can find the rare video where hey this boxer knocks out a couple drunk people or or or even hey the boxer knocks out the jutsu guy does that happen yes it can absolutely happen that's why you train boxing too yeah next question I've not been working out regularly regularly for several years now obviously I'm fat and lazy but I want to get after it so the question is should I go all in level nine destruction maximum madness or ease into it at level three cruising edition respect all right well this there's a couple different approaches now when I hear this first of all you you don't want to get hurt right and you also don't want to make yourself trying do things that are so hard and so painful that you can't do it repeatedly so if you just destroy yourself what do you say if you destroy yourself level nine destruction maximum madness but then you can't work out for two more weeks well guess what what you do in the mean no let's say realistically you got domes come sure right delayed onset muscle so let's say you did so many burpees that your legs you couldn't sit down without your legs being in pain so now so you take so you take three days four days have you ever had domes so bad that you took four days off no okay let's say you take three days off what did you do during those three days did you hold the line did you stay on the path are we you eating cheetos yeah yeah that's what you were doing so if you destroy yourself to where you can't stay on the path that's not good you want to stay on the path I think doing something that you can handle or maybe something just beyond what you can handle every single day is more important so going at a level not not cruising level not level three but let's let's find a solid level five where you can you're pushing yourself I read a thousand words a day when I'm writing and do the equivalent of that right the reason I read because if I said okay I do not just to today I just have to write five thousand words that's five hours yeah we do I have five hours today no I don't I can squeeze out 52 minutes though and get a thousand words written that I can do so that's that's what I think you need to do you need to get consistent if you bite off more than you chew then you can chew you you might very well choke on it so don't so don't do that so pick something realistic don't do people say that that must be the first time I heard it so if you bite out more than you can chew you might choke on it did you make that up or you get that from somewhere I think I well I just I don't know I think I made it up just good but I'm sure something like no this guy said it in 1978 yeah but that's the beauty of it so pick something realistic like for something that you can handle and then get after it then the other thing here is he doesn't talk about this diet at all and that's clearly equally important and you have to change your diet if you're going to change your life and you're going to change your health so stop eating sugar stop eating processed foods no more soda and juices and no more gatorade just to start with whatever is whatever that it is that you're doing whoever asks this question whatever you know what you're doing if you're eating donuts don't don't eat donuts anymore stop just stop eating those get rid of that sugar sweetness craving thing yeah and then just keep making your diet cleaner and cleaner as time goes by so that's what I think is there any time that it's good because sometimes I think it's good when people do go like alright man I'm doing yeah like I whatever happened they went up the staircase and they they got all tired and they said you know what I'm done yeah it starts tomorrow but I think in those cases most of the time who was it who was it that we were talking to talking to someone someone that they are I was talking to someone that their first thing they tried to do they couldn't do it all like they tried to run three miles and they were like you know what can't do it can't run three miles oh might have been that guy there's a guy that's losing a bunch of weight on the interwebs oh yeah that's what I think he's down in Texas but he's trying to lose a lot of weight and your first time we went try to go for run didn't happen didn't happen so he had to just run less or he had to just walk actually so yeah you start with what you can do but there is a little bit of there is there is I would try I would say this keep this one in the in the back of your mind there is the whole thing of like you know what I'm changing my life right now you go home you get the garbage can out you bring it into the kitchen you throw away the twinkies you throw away the pop-tarts you throw away the the you pour the the crappy soda down the drain and you get on the path and you just don't look back yeah that's a good thing to do too yeah but again if that person's 300 pounds they're not gonna be able to do I mean they're gonna push themselves yeah they could push themselves too hard so you just gotta be careful yeah so and that it's funny when um when I'm kind of looking at the question I'm like well obviously you want to start slow right obviously but then I don't know you hear about these guys just like how you said they just they throw everything away they're like I'm a different person right I think I think we're we're crossing streams here are I am there's diet and then there's like workout yeah because diet you can pretty much go cold turkey today yeah it lets and you may or may not be able to relate to this but if you go straight extreme on your diet like all of a sudden you're hit with these the byproducts of changing your diet especially if you if you'd like like mountain do every single day right and you just all of a sudden boom stop drinking month you'll go through stuff that you might not expect like the craving will hit you so hard and then you're gonna be on free and minimal doses of mountain you know yeah basically basically I'm gonna say no stop drinking mountain you don't need it and I think and you're gonna go through withdrawals right yeah if you're caffeine withdrawals and sugar withdrawals you're gonna get the the keto flu and all those things are gonna happen and it's gonna be rough but yeah but don't just say it like that it's gonna be rough but that's all good bro seriously if you go into that and you experience these types of things and then it's gonna apply to everything by the way any big change that you make where you you have to deprive yourself of these bad things that you've become kind of addicted to whatever you're gonna go through all kinds of changes and that goes for workout too by the way because like just the sornus alone oh dang I want to expect in the sornus oh I'm like tired now because the workout like was kind of hard it's like oh shit I wasn't expecting that I was expecting to feel right after my workout everyone says whatever so you're gonna run into all these little things that don't tell you about and then it's like well I didn't sign up for that little part of it and then when I'm that little part and then you're gonna follow up I think the diet thing I think you're wrong I think the diet thing I think if you're I think it's very I think it's easier in fact to just be like I'm done it's not like okay you know what I'm only gonna get a quarter bag of cheetos a day from now on I don't think that works I think you got to be like no no no no no cheat us not no cheat us in my house but I do think that you could work out so hard that you're so sore that you that you say oh man I'm just too kind of like the Gigi into question earlier on like you could be what if someone's so sore that they can't do their job right and they're just sore all day at work well that's not cool so I think for diet you can you can go cold turkey or actually cold steak or hot steak and then I think for working out is the one you you you you figure out what you can do and you push a little bit harder but you don't go level nine maximum destruction madness I think you're wrong respectfully and which part do you think I'm wrong on diet I think if you go extreme with your diet I think it'll work for some people for sure but depending on who you are but I think you're more if you go extreme with the diet you don't like slowly phase out of the way you know it's interesting you know it's interesting I don't know if you remember I read a letter while back on the podcast about a guy that had read way the warrior kid and he like fixed his life and that guy did what you're saying he just made little changes you know he made little changes along the way so maybe it's person it's probably personality in fact let's just go ahead and say it's personality some people are going to just have to get the damn cheetos out of their house all of them yeah and some people say you know what I'm only going to have this one cup full of cheetos every day yeah and even that's okay but but here's where you got to be careful you may lie to yourself and you can lie to yourself yeah you can lie to yourself and they're like you know I don't really think that that that big of a deal today if I just have two cups of cheetos yeah yeah yeah nine cups of cheetos later you know what you see and then two cups and respectfully I don't like your cheetos example why because you're like I'm going to allow myself cheat okay don't allow yourself cheetos that's not how small of a change you're going to make if you're not going to eat cheetos anymore you're not going to eat cheetos anymore I'm saying like if you go extreme on your diet let's say you eat but but when you say what you're saying is hey I'm going to change my diet okay I used to eat every day I eat a whole bag of cheetos and now I'm only going to eat one cup of cheetos from the bag of day that's improvement it is improved and it's small improvement and if I could do that then why why is that not okay yeah okay if you choose to do that but okay now we're going into the specifics of a certain person's okay I think I would say this this is more along lines of what I'm thinking as far as specific examples if you're going to go if I'm going to eat one bag of cheetos obviously that's not all I'm eating I'm eating other stuff I'm the small change is I'm not going to eat cheetos anymore I'm going to cut out cheetos that's it I'm still not eating that good you know I'm going to cut out cheetos or let's say I get you know drive through every day three times a day okay I won't get drive through anymore or all that's a big change not necessarily depending on what you get going from three drive through the day to zero the house that not a big chance it's a big child is going from like and there's certain people actually I was talking to someone the other day that had lost 150 pounds of female and it was interesting her nutritionist she hired an nutritionist and the nutritionist said okay what are the foods you can't live without and we'll work around those yeah that's pretty cool thank you and what she said was I need cheese burgers and fries so then what she got told was something along lines of okay you can have cheese burger and fries on Friday yeah yeah instead of you know this this whole thing of I can never eat it now what I'm saying is there are people and I think I'm one of these people where it's like oh if I have cheeseburgers and fries today well then I might as well just get a mint chocolate chip milkshake with it and if I did that tonight then you know what tomorrow morning hey after you get done training maybe you know that cheeseburgers good yesterday I've had so maybe it's my own personal weakness but for me I'd prefer to be just like on the path yeah yeah that's why the 80 20 rule and I talked about this in the field manual the 80 20 rule maybe it works for some people and I guess it does work for me but I'd rather just be straight on the program you know what I mean yeah and and then and you know what you know Tim Ferriss has that thing where or he's talked about that thing where he goes six days hardcore strict and then the seventh day you literally eat whatever you want as much as you can and I even tried that I have and it's really really good because you feel really really good not and it's only physically but just about the whole I'm on the program and you kind of know and on that on that cheat day you do they call it the cheat day you eat whatever you want and you don't feel any guilt at all even when you're on the 80 20 it's like you have to become an off a real strong week to like be to feel good about cheat for three like three burgers are good too yeah and that's you've been really that bad of a cheat day a cheat day is like fries fries then you're starting to go into it for sure but the I'm like you know a cheat day cheat day like asked Tim held it'll be like for like a whole thing of donuts re box a cook yeah whatever you want straight up whatever you want this is disgusting here's the thing though with when you when you start to eat healthy and you then you try to eat a whole box of donuts you're after like one two three maybe six eight donuts you're gonna be like you know you're in six donuts easy you're in six donuts in one oh my gosh you know those I think they're called Intimins Old Fashion they're you know we'll know that you know little chocolate Domets you know what a total full size donut straight up they're kind of a little bigger too you know you know oh you know oh you know I can't even fat of eating six donuts ever since I started talking so much smack about donuts yeah I know I can't literally can never have when you get in my life yeah you're not allowed for sure 100% yeah you know yeah even if you were like if someone was like hey just bumping in the back when I was a little kid my parents would buy the chocolate doughnuts the host's chocolate yeah that's like what we'll covered in chocolate those things are good yeah yeah yeah you can't even have one of those again no no you know I did the six day cheat program no even then okay I can't do it you know you know the old fashion donut is right it's like a don't with the whole it right no it's called old fashion donuts they're like um it's they're kind of glazed and almost like not they're not crispy but they're kind of hardy are hard and okay on the outside and then they're regular soft donuts and then they say and they have this glaze or um okay so I think it's I forget the name I think it might be vitamins but they have old fashion donuts where they're not as hard but they're kind of hard and they're just bigger anyway those are my favorite ones and I used to get chocolate milk and heat up the chocolate milk so it's like hot chocolate and donuts and oh yeah I easy money like I'll eat two bucks for those for sure oh I used to now yeah so the point there is on the cheat day you just go yeah no shame but after the things you can't just eat donuts four times a day or three you just don't feel good like your stomach gets all upset and the more healthy you eat the more it's gonna be like that so the longer you're on the path you straight like if you ate some donut like the other day we went to the Belmont Park and I ate some ice cream some mid-chocolate chip ice cream was it good fine it was good but you know the kids are doing whatever's tracks the other night yeah you eat a big large double you know what after after that you're like but I don't feel right you know so unless you're just committed to eat it because I don't know you don't want to waste it or something like that you're gonna be like oh my cheat your cheat day is not gonna be that bad it's what I'm saying okay but I know you have that we don't make it happen depends on what it is yeah yeah yeah you could pump some chili fries or something I don't like chili fries all right so yeah maybe what's the verdict I think just in the like middle of the road not the whole story like same thing I said balance so you're saying balance as well I'll tell you though man if that balance doesn't work for you you're gonna have to step it up you're gonna have to go hardcore I'd give yourself two weeks two weeks for a balanced approach on the diet side if you can't get your shit under control in two weeks you got to go hardcore you got to get in there with a garbage client can throw away the Twinkies throw away everything else that's crap in your fridge and go hardcore and start with a fast too right you know hey a fast is awesome a fast for a good way wait I don't even know that there's that much to expect don't ever for a day if you never done it before it's not that bad of a deal there's no little stuff don't eat your day there's little there's not take you from a normal human being this little stuff that you if you're not if you go in and not prepared for it then you're like I actually think the more you think about it prepared for it the more psychologically or it is yeah just be like oh yeah you know what I woke up this morning I haven't eaten last night call I'm not gonna eat until tonight every time that's a fast yes so when I'm trying to like that when I'm like I'm not gonna eat till this then I go through little stuff but if I just happen if I'm two into work I'm only drinking coffee and I forget and like dang if if I eat not having an eight for like you know 12 hours 16 then I'll be like oh I'll just go another three that's my 15 because like 15 right 15 hours is when your body starts to kind of shift over to like I think 15 okay so I'll just wait that shower it's like cool done but if we're playing it that's when yeah I don't know but it depends on who you are but that's like I agree with the fast off yeah I agree with a kick things off and get like jump onto the path yeah this jump on with a fast yeah hey go see your doctor whatever do you have to go see a doctor to fast 24 hours I think you should if you've been probably yeah yeah yeah yeah a fat lazy you know especially if you're older or something like that I think seen a doctor is it how old is it to get a personal trainer depends on when you need to help me the woman I just talk to she's like personal trainer and nutritionist hired them both lost 100 whatever pounds so yeah I think she was an excessive 300 pounds yeah and when I matter she's completely normal right like you know completely like you wouldn't even suspect that she had any weight trouble in her life yeah that's pretty amazing yeah so hire the trainer hire the the nutritionist yeah I think so I think that helps I always looked at it like why would I hire like a trainer or something like that when I can kind of look up that stuff but here's the thing I went in with this bias like because I kind of had a background in it so I'm like why would I I can just go look but I'm looking it up but I have all this other knowledge the same rule you try it for two weeks see if you can keep yourself on the path and if you can't got to bring someone in right here's what I like hire a trainer but not like the kind every day it's like a once a week trainer who can get you on a little program yeah yeah yeah yeah you know it's gonna depend on who you're straight up you don't who can keep you on yeah that's the biggest part of all this and I've said this a billion times like you know what you need to do yeah you know what you need to do you know you know what you need to do if you can't get yourself to do it maybe you need to get someone to help you do it yeah the weird thing is like nutritionist and stuff you can get nutritionist that could come to you and be like okay we're gonna put you on a low fat diet you know what you'd be really not good seeing you in the wrong there yeah I don't know how many you think there's still nutritionists that are doing that right now oh yeah there are I know there are actually there are out there so you're gonna be careful right check next question last thing that I'm not gonna draw it out but you said you know what you need to do and one time you said imagine what your day would look like like if you like everything you did was you did the things that you knew you're supposed to do kind of thing well the the full the full statement is if you wrote down tonight what you were supposed to do tomorrow yeah and then you did the things that you were supposed to do yeah imagine how that day would feel and imagine what you'd get done in that day yeah and then imagine if you did that every day for a week yeah and imagine if you did that every day for a month and they did it for a year and imagine where your life would be your life would be in a completely different trajectory completely completely different yeah and that's true with working out that's true with nutrition that's true with business that's true with education that's true with knowledge to with everything everything yeah kind of know what we're supposed to do yeah well I thought you were going to say some people don't know what to do. I'm not could be the case. Some people they've never worked out before. And if you're a person that's never worked out before, you probably need to bring someone into the game that's gonna help show you how to work out. If you've never done any reading about eating, and you have no idea what's gonna be good for you, you're probably a person that might need to bring someone into the game to help you get over that. Yeah, and it still completely goes with exactly what you said. It's like you know what to do, and even to help that, you know what not to do. Like when you're about to make decisions on me do this, or not do this, like you know which one is you should or shouldn't do. So let's say I don't know anything about working out, but I know I have to get in shape. We all know. We all know when we gotta get in shape. So then you know you gotta hire somebody. You know you gotta do something. You know that you shouldn't just be like, oh well, I'm not gonna do it. I don't know, I'm not gonna do it. Things to do tomorrow. Yeah, the trainer. Yeah. Join a gym, get a trainer. Yeah, I don't know what to do. Okay, this is what you can do. Find out what to do. There you go. Then in that case. So you gotta make sense. Sometimes when you put things in, just say stuff, just put it on the table. Just starts to make sense. Mm-hmm. Next question. I'm a veteran of the infantry, and when I took over a fire team for the first time, I made the mistake of drawing hard lines in the sand. This immediately alienated members of that team that had been together for some time. I did not make that mistake again, and I definitely learned from my experience. So clearly there's not a question there. Yeah. And I forget pulling this out from, I get a lot of emails and messages and all that, but I thought it was a good point to bring up to say, this idea of drawing hard lines in the sand, and what that does to your leadership position. It's difficult. It's usually not a good thing to do. If you draw a lot of hard lines in the sand, and eventually you realize that they're either unrealistic or people can't maintain them, you're set yourself up for failure. What is that exactly like drawing lines? So it's a no matter what. We will not go to blah blah. Yeah, there's the like no matter what. We will win every single road march that we do as a fire team in this while we're here. Oh, it's training thing. Okay. Well, guess what? That's a hard field. There's other, there's some other fire teams that are also want to win. And so you've drawn a hard line to say, and that's not really a good example. A good example will take no matter what. We're gonna muster every morning at 4.30 in the morning. No matter what. And you know, then the guys are out on patrol until 2.38 in the morning. And now the next morning, a good no matter what. I say no matter what. Well, it's not good for them. It's unrealistic. So you drew a hard line in the sand and now you got to back it down. So and all you have to do is soften the statement a little bit. Hey guys, to the best of our ability, if we can, we're gonna get here every morning at 4.30 for monster. There's a little, there's a little room to play there, right? And that's, that's fine. So again, there's, there's not a lot of, there's not a question here. But one of the reasons I think that, that I wanted to talk about it was because I think people look at me. Yeah. And even hear me on a peripheral level. And they think all, I bet, John, would just lay down the hard lines. It's my way or the highway, right? Yeah. And the, the opposite is actually true. And the reason that I came to that conclusion was because I worked for leaders like that and I hated working for leaders like that. So I tried to never be a leader like that. And there's a dichotomy, right? There's a huge dichotomy. Because this doesn't mean that you're not driving and pushing. This doesn't mean that you're not saying, hey, we're gonna be the best, whatever, we're gonna be the best task unit here. Doesn't mean you're not saying, hey, look, we're not gonna rest until we've done what we're supposed to do. Doesn't mean that. Mm. But man, you gotta find that balance. Yeah. It does feel like that with you. That you're like, it feels like that, but when you're one, I mean, my experience obviously is, we're under no extreme circumstances. Right. But just like just like the simple stuff. Like it really does seem like you wake up at 430 in the morning. Every single morning, do or die. 100%. That I did. That I do. Oh, unless like there's sometimes where I get home at, like I remember a little while ago, I got home at 1 o'clock or 2 o'clock in the morning. And that's basically my cut off zone. If I'm getting less than 4.5 hours of sleep, then I'll be like, oh, yeah, I'll wake up and I've been like, hey, I only got 2.5 hours of sleep last night. That's not enough. I'm going back to bed. Right, that's what I mean. Where I've tweeted that out before. Yeah, I'm the entire. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what I mean. Yeah. So it's like when that happens, it almost like it catches you off guard, you know, when you when you did that, I mean, obviously not like, oh, drop cool start, it's not that feeling at all. It's just kind of like, oh, dang. You do have that flexibility when, you know, when it's the correct thing, kind of thing. Yeah, you have to. Yeah, you're not a slave to your, uh, rigidity. Well, what you're saying is I don't draw hard lines in the sand. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Really? Yes, exactly right. But it's real easy to go down the slippery slope of like, well, you know what, I actually didn't eat real good yesterday, so I probably need some more sleep to recover today. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Really? Yeah, well, I am, it's a rest day. So I might as well turn on the TV. You know, I'd be good with TV's maybe some popcorn. Oh, you know, it'd be good with some popcorn, maybe some cheese sticks. And some other setups. It's a rest day, right? Yeah, yeah. I'm looking for wrong path. It's only free. It's only saying. I guess the opposite of the, of the path is the slippery slope. Exactly right. Next question. Hi, scenario. It's actually legit way to think of it, too. Yeah. If it's a legit way to think of things, if you're on the path, when you know what the path is as we talked about with Tim Ferriss, if you're on the path, which you know, when you step off the path, it's a slippery slope. You know, it's off the path. Is a slippery slippery slope? Yeah. What'd you just say? The popcorn can lead to cheats sticks can lead to paminums. That's the slippery slope right there. Yeah. And sometimes you slip so hard that you just plunge deep. Off the path. Yeah. Fall off the wagon land hard. scenario. My team leaders boss came to me and asked my opinion on my horrible team leader. Okay, the boss is boss. One of my opinions. So what do I do? Praise him to make the team look good and maintain my relationship with my with the team leader or tackfully tell the truth and build a relationship with the boss with my boss's ball. Hey. That's a good question, isn't it? I think this is a really tough position to be in. Because you have to be careful and you have to be balanced. And there's a couple of things to think about. First of all, no one likes rats. Yeah. Right? No one likes rats. But at the same time, you kind of also have to think about what's best for the team. On top of and kind of the opposite of no one likes rats is no one likes brown nosers. No. But at the same time, you have to build relationships up and down the chain of command. And one of the toughest things about this and what you have to be so careful about is that you don't know what kind of relationship the boss and the team leader have. You don't know. I'll one end of the spectrum. They could be friends. So if you say something bad about them, that's going right back to the team leader and you're going to have a hard time. You're in a much worse position. Also, they could be enemies. And supporting the team lead to the boss could actually make you look stupid, right? Make you look bad. And it's important to say here. Is it the optics of like I don't want to look bad? Is that what I'm talking about? Because that's what I just said. Like it'll make you look bad. It'll make you look stupid. The reason that you're trying to look good is because you want to do a good job because you want the team because you want the mission succeed. That's what's important. And you don't care. I don't care if I have to eat crow. I don't care. So I don't mind looking bad if it's for a good reason. I don't mind my ego taking a ding if it's for the right reason. But this could actually hurt the way I do my job. Because now my boss, sorry, my boss is boss. Things I'm kind of an idiot. And so that means when comes time for promotion, even though I might be the best guy, I'm not getting promoted because I was the guy that was too blind to see that my team leader wasn't idiot. So I would be very careful and fairly neutral in what I said, especially to start with, right? So if the boss says, hey, how's that team leader doing? My response to be like, oh, you know what we get the job done. There's that's so non-committal, right? What about the team leader? Is he a good leader? I think he's, I think he's got a pretty good hold of what's going on. So that's, there's room to interpret that in any direction. Really? I think he's got a pretty good hold. I think he's getting a hold of what's going on. Or another one would be, well, hey, how's your team leader? I think our performance kind of shows where we're at, right? So you're not, you're not giving away. And those are, those, like I said, those are subtle and those are very open things that you could respond to. And I think the more your boss probes or the, sorry, the more the team boss team leader's boss is probes. The more you could open up a little bit still with caution. But as you see what the boss's opinion is, you could open up a little bit more and share a little bit more of the truth very tactfully. Or if, or you could go in the other direction, right? If you just, oh, you know, that's my best guy. And I've known Bill forever. Yeah, Bill's, I brought him here and Bill's going to be, he's going to play. So are you going to derail that guy? You can, but you're probably going to derail yourself too, because that guy has a legitimate relationship with him. So that's a tough situation. And I would say the best thing to do in this situation is remain as neutral as possible. And again, you know what, there's, there's someone that's listening, or to this right now, let's go in, oh, Joc was kind of a, Joc was kind of a whim. And if I was there, I'd just tell the truth. Okay, so let's, let's talk about that. Let's talk about what happens. Because I've been in that situation more times than I can count where my boss was kind of an idiot. And I get asked by his boss, hey, how's this guy doing? So let's say you rat him out. Well does that mean that the boss gets fired immediately? No. It just means that your team is less respected. It means that you get less support. It means, and if you do get rat it out by the way, where do you end up now? You end up in a bad situation where your boss knows that you ratted him out to his boss. You're hated. Yeah. You're hated. So I want to win. Let's go back to that point. I want to win. So does it help me win if I rat out my boss? Or if I rat out my team leader to my boss? Does it help me win? It could, it could if your boss happens to be completely aligned with what you're thinking. He also happens to have a replacement ready. That's more squared away. That's another thing. You get rid of one bad team leader. Now you get a new team leader. How do you know him? Who's that? Who is that person? Where did they come from? The devil's, what is that saying? The devil you know is better than the devil that you don't know. So if I have a team leader that's not doing a good job, who's fault is that? Why? Yeah. I can help my team leader. Especially if my team leader is weak, I can help them become strong. I can help teach them. Taxfully, not stepping on their toes. I would rather than rat my team leader out of the chain of command, I would rather fix my team leader. I would rather help my team leader become better, support them. And by the way, when you do support your team leader and they become better and now they do come up for promotion, what do they know in the back of their mind? They know that you helped them. They knew that you got them there. Guess who's getting promoted now. You are. Now why am I so concerned about getting promoted? Because I want to want to out do everyone else? No, that's not why. Because I want to win. I want the team to win. And if I thought that you echo would do a better job. If you became team leader instead of me, I'd be like, hey, I appreciate it. But echo would do a better job than me. He should be the team leader. So and also, if you're really, this is what happens. If I'm really a person, this is this is what I'm getting at. If I'm really a person that really wants to get promoted, and that's my main goal. I want to get promoted. That's my goal. What do I do with the team leader? I throw him under the bus. So that's the person that we all hate. The person that rats out the team leader that says, oh, that guy's doing a terrible job. I do much better job and gets that guy fired. Now I get promoted. What do we all think of him? We all think that guy's a turd. Now as opposed to the sum of that says, you know what? Our team leader's weak needs help. Need support. I'm going to help him. I'm going to support him. I'm going to do the best I can. Wait, are you saying to tell the boss this? No, it's just having that out of you to have that attitude. Like, I'm not going to, I'm not going to film one of the bus. Now if we have a guy that's horrible, that's tyrannical, that does a horrible job, that abuses people, then we get to a situation where you say, you know what, boss? There's some problems. So if you have that one, which doesn't really, well, this guy says horrible team leader. So if this is a horrible team leader, that's irredeemable, irredeemable qualities, and it's negatively affecting the team, because he kind of makes it sound like, make the team look good. So there's, there's still a possibility that the team is doing okay. You know, they have a horrible leader because they are good, such good troops. I would see that sometimes. The platoon has a bad leader, but there's great guys in there. And the platoon leader is smart enough just to be like, okay, I'm going to let them kind of run with it. They'll be successful. Yeah. So my goal, usually, is to help the person above me and the chate, well, it's always to help the person above me and chate, come on. Can you get to a situation where someone is so bad that it's negatively affecting the whole team and you can't win because they're positioned? Yes, well, then you need to step up and do something about it and say something about it. Do it tactfully, do it slowly. Don't overcommit to your statements early on, because if you do, you might say something that is out of line. So that's, it's a tricky situation. There's no definitive answer. You have to weigh these things out. Generally, if you can help someone win, you're going to win. Generally, if you help someone win, you're going to win. If it's so bad that they're just bringing down the whole team and you cannot win with them in that position, you might need to say something. Yeah, especially if everyone on the team kind of feels the same way. It's going to be a little bit easier to be like, hey, you know, and be straight. But even if everyone, if we have the gang mentality, like, hey, man, the boss sucks, you know what? He's team leaders horrible. He doesn't know what he's doing. Hey, guys, you know what? We can sit here and complain about it or we could actually try and make him a better leader. Yeah, yeah. What do you guys say at think of that? And then, because hey, we could try and get a replacement form, but at least he listens to us right now. Yeah. Or whatever. You know, at least he, at least he understands the job. Hey, let's try and, let's try and prop him up. Let's try and get, we know what, let's get rid of him, but let's get rid of him by teaching him a lot. So he gets educated so he can move on to get promoted and then we'll have a good relationship with him. Yeah. And then the team will get more support and then we can do our mission better. Yeah. Yeah. I guess he kind of doesn't understand what makes them a quote unquote horrible for sure. For sure. For sure. Like, what if I don't like him? Cause I don't like his tie. I don't know. I don't like his hair do. You know, I just don't like him. We don't, we don't come from the same side of the tracks. I don't know. I mean, one of the things that would be like if the guy's arrogant, the guy's arrogant, well, how are we going to bring him down? How are we going to bring, well, how are we not not bring him down like bring him down from his job, but how are we going to bring down his ego? How are we going to mellow him out? And that could be a long project. That could be a long project. Yeah. So it's like, you say, is it damaging the performance kind of thing? Yes. That's the most important thing. Is that what is our performance like? Yeah. Can we bring this guy around? Good question. I'm sorry. There's no definitive answer, but at the same time, there's leadership is an art. Yeah. And why did the, it's an art and science? But it's an art. Sure. This is a case where the artistic part is going to be more important. Yeah. Yeah. The dichotomy. Art and science. And what I'm blood sport, how we called martial arts, martial science. The guy I was in, since it's a tenaka. All right. Come on, bro. Bloods worked. Fendam. Yeah. No, I know what the movie is. Yeah. He called it martial arts. I'm sorry. I'm familiar with that. Two, two, three. Even as a kid, I thought those movies were really cheesy. Yeah. Can you see? Like, I saw a lot of MMA. Well, I guess from my age, MMA, gosh, you know, I was in the blood sport. Yeah. Even when I was a kid, I wasn't thinking blood sport was legit. I don't know why. I thought it was. None of the parts were getting. I thought Rocky, I thought Rocky was more legit. Yeah, yeah. Okay. I thought I thought that Rocky was more legit than blood sport for me. Bloods sport seemed fake. Yeah. Yeah, I guess. Right. It just seemed extreme, I guess. Because plus, I think with bloods sport, the rumors circulated, the tech I was real. That was real. You know? You're like, oh, you're sure it's a movie cool. Made fun, but it was real, you know. Yeah. I, I, I, yeah. Again, I, I wouldn't say I hated bloods sport, but like I haven't seen it enough to know that the guy referred to martial arts as martial science. That was early, early in the movie when the Vendam's teacher. You know what's your typical movie, right? There's a, there's a guy. He's getting beat down or whatever. He goes through his training process. There's a, there's a montage. Yeah. Like in a, like in a team of, team of America, world police. There's a montage training montage and then he comes back and wins. There's, there's like most of your fight movies. Yeah. You know? The montage. Yeah. He gets beat down early. You know, he trains. He becomes awesome. But then there's the art enemy who's trained to, but still a bully. And he has to beat him. Same thing with credit kid. But you're leaving out the montage part. Yeah. The training montage, which is very important. You're the best. Or, no, that's credit kid. You've ever seen the movie never back down. No. So you wouldn't, you'll never watch this movie. It's, it's, it's MMA, right? It's MMA. It's MMA. It's, it's MMA. Yeah. But it's just basically credit kid. It's literally like, credit kid, but just MMA now, and a little bit more cheesy. Maybe a lot more cheesy. I thought it was good though. I enjoyed it. I watched it more. I was able to learn from like a master, GJ2 guy or something. Yeah, Brazilian guy who, he is played by an African guy. The guy on, you know, remember, gladiator. You know, gladiator, right? Russell Crowe. Yeah. And the black guy. Yeah, he, you know, the one. Yeah, his main friend. He's the guy, but he's Brazilian guy. Oh, okay. It doesn't match because he's on the Brazilian accent. I was gonna say, how's his portrait Gj Sachsen? No. It's still African. But, nonetheless, you know, on paper it might seem cool, but it came up kind of cheesy. I liked it though. You know, they're over emphasize like all the things like he goes to the party and the party's just crazy anyway. Yeah, look into it. Nonetheless, yes, science and art, I dig it. You kind of have to, I mean, back in the question, yeah, I have to kind of wonder why the boss is asking your opinion, too. Is it just a general probe? Like, hey, how you guys doing? How's the boss doing? Kind of like that? Or is it, we have some concerns about your team leader, what up, you know, kind of think. Yeah, and even that, you got to be careful because they could lead you down that path. Trump. Maybe they're probing you. Maybe, yeah, maybe the team leader said, hey, you know what? I don't trust this guy. Yeah, you see what he says about me, right? And then you go in and you go, hey, you're, first, bad things about this guy, what do you think of them? Yeah, you tell you what you're right. Now guys, it's dirt. Yeah, it's dirt with ears. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You guys, you just, yeah. Yeah, a lot of team guys say dirt. Yeah, yeah. I think I think it came from Buds at some point. Yes, it was, you'd get called turds quite a bit. And then a person that was kind of maybe just not a very good individual would be a turd years. Never heard that one. In Hawaii, they say, do do boy. Same thing. Do do boy? Do do boy. But obviously not in any kind of discipline setting. We're here one more question. Yes, next question. Last question. Jockel. I've been disciplined, working hard, and staying focused. But I've hit a run of bad luck, and I can't seem to get a break. Well, first of all, you are lucky. Because if you're capable of working hard, then that's a blessing. That's luck. Because there's people all over the world that don't have the ability for any number of reasons, many of those reasons being just bad luck. But they can't work. So right out of the gate, you're lucky that you can get up tomorrow and you can go to work. Now, you say you can't get a break. And maybe you're getting unlucky with your career or your personal life or your business. So what are you going to do? Are you going to give up? Are you going to surrender? Are you going to assume that because you didn't catch a break today, there's no way you'll catch one tomorrow or next week or next year? Are you going to leave it all the chance? Or are you going to do everything in your power to force luck your way to create opportunity to shift the hands of fate? And even then, if the break never comes, even if you roll across the finish line of life bruised and plundered and empty handed from the fight, at least you know that you went after it as hard as you could. Thank you, gave life everything you had. And you know in the end, you might still be unlucky. That could happen, but I would much rather be an unlucky soul that fought until the end and died with my sword in my hand than an unlucky soul that submitted. Boutdown, gave up and surrendered. So stop waiting to get lucky, stop waiting for a big break instead. Be thankful. For what you do have and go out there and fight and battle and brawl to make your own luck. And I think that's all I've got for tonight. So echo, speaking of fighting hard, is there anything you know about that can help us stay in the fight? Stand up like continue fighting hard. Check. Sure. First thing you need to do is take care of your body habitus. You use that word wrong, but body habitus is like your habitat. Take care of your body is what I meant. Including but not limited to your joints. A lot more important than I thought from the beginning or in the beginning. So how you do that is super cruel oil, jocco as super cruel oil. Jocco as cruel oil called super cruel oil. Another supplement called joint warfare. These are good for your joints. Don't neglect them. That's how you stand in the fight. Straight out. Get them at originmain.com. Also you want to increase your capacity and capability in the fight physically mentally you take new product called discipline. It's called discipline. It's not discipline itself. It's called discipline. It's cognitive and physical enhancer. Force multiplier. Mental plus physical. The sum is greater than the parts. Anyway, originmain.com. That's your e-gitum. Really good. They also have geizing rash guards there at originmain. They are all made in America. I don't know if you know this. It's a big deal. He does good work over there. From the dirt to the shirt. The cotton is even grow in America. That's very important. See what I did there. Geese rash guards. Compression gear. Pants. Compression pants. Spats. All there. Also, or just speaking of origin, we have an immersion camp. Jiu Jitsu immersion camp. All levels of Jiu Jitsu are welcome to this, by the way. Rubble kids. Kids welcome to that one. I don't think so. Yeah, because something they have the capacity for kids there. Yeah. Yeah. You should be asking me that. Interesting. Nonetheless, all levels. Even if you don't have any Jiu Jitsu at all. In fact, last time there was a group who didn't have, well, I think it was like, some didn't have any Jiu Jitsu. Yeah, no Jiu Jitsu. And it just came when I said, like, you know, like some of the stuff you learn. If you don't have any Jiu Jitsu, it's like, okay, that's not going to fit into my knowledge because you have no knowledge. So it's like, I don't understand this quite yet. We did the fundamentals class form. Yeah. Yeah. And even during, like, while it was going on, I had a group on the site of like a good, like, 12 people. And we're just doing just the basic fundamentals. No Jiu Jitsu. No Jiu Jitsu. Yeah. For sure, all levels. And by the way, if you're a beginner, yeah, that's cool. But also if you're good, you'll also get some awesome training there. Yeah. That's everybody. Great, guys there. Huge good school. Yeah. That's up on May. Echo Lake. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Echo Lake. Echo Lake. There's. Echo's got his own lake. Sure. Echo Park. Echo Lake. Dang. Nonetheless, yeah. So yeah, OriginMain.com. You can look and see all that stuff. And, you know, if you want something, get something. If you want to come to the emergency camp, come to the emergency camp. All be there. Jock are you going? Yeah. I am. You're so mad last time. You couldn't do that. You rib rib was jacked. That's your won't be jacked. No, no, no, no, no, it's all good. Right here the man. Either way. Also, for fitness gear, you want to vary up your workout. You want to implement new movements, kettlebells. Do you do kettlebells? I know, jocking you do kettlebells. I know that. But that's the question. Yeah, you do. Mike Granchi. Right. Mike. This guy, you know, he's a brown belt or black belt. I forget. Up in. Carl's bad area. You have no info long time. Are you so work with a sister? I don't even know if you remember that. But so watching you know what you do Jeff Clark is? Yeah. Yeah, so he's on there. He hit me up. He's like, hey, I want to get into kettlebells now. He's like, I'm looking at the on at once or whatever. You know, asking the advice here's the thing. I'm not an expert on the kettlebells. But I do know this. Don't get nuts with them. But don't go too light either though. I bought a kettlebell for my daughter. She's five now. So it's just, it looks cool. It's like the one of the little 24 kilograms. No. No man, the smallest one. But when I picked that up, I'm like no matter what fitness level I'm at, this isn't going to do much for me. So don't go too light. This is what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. Nonetheless, get them from on it. Go on it.com slash jockels. Some good stuff. A lot of options there. You think you're stuck in a boring, moop jockel workout. Super hard, but boring. You're going to fall off that wagon. Maybe, I don't know. They've got something to eat or but if you want to vary it up, go on it. Go on slash jockel, get some good fitness gear. Also, when you're getting any of the books that we review on this podcast, I got a more organized for you on jockelpotcast.com. Click on the top books book section. Think specifically to this books from jockelpotcast. Got them organized by episode, including Rob Jones, Journey's journal. By the way, pretty much anything that we're reading. I'm going to put it on there for access, easy access. And it happens to support Tixie to Amazon, boom. Get your book. Two-day delivery. One-day delivery. Eight-hour delivery sometimes. And you know, if you're going to do other shopping, continue on. Do you? Be you. Also, subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already. I tuned Stitcher Google Play Spotify. Stitcher. It's a adventure. Everywhere. Whatever you listen to podcasts on, subscribe. Yeah. It seems obvious. Also, YouTube, if you are interested in the video version of this podcast, you want to see what jockel looks like if you care. You want to see what I look like if you care. Which may be a little bit more of a thing because apparently I don't sound how I look. I still get that by the way. Yeah, no, I just talked to a guy about the other day. Yeah. Yes, yesterday. That'll never go in. No. I don't want to see me. Don't see me. Anyway, if you are interested in that YouTube video version of this podcast, also excerpts, take little chunks out of the podcast and post them so you can share them. So they don't have to listen to two and a half three hours of a whole podcast to get one lesson. One specific lesson. That's not a YouTube channel. No, no, you just made a new video. A daydia. Making more videos now. Time is running out. Time is running out. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. So I'll choose little excerpts or whatever to be like, you know what? This one to me hit harder. This little message that you said. And that one was because it is one of those ones. Because you know how the old saying where it's like, yeah, we know we had to have a limited time on this earth, but we don't act like it. Yeah. And that whole thing. And really when you think about that, that's more true than I think most people realize. And that's why people go through like midlife crisis. Right? You know how they hit a certain age. You're a person get a car of that. Yeah, I got to get it back. I don't know. It's that scrambling situation. You know, you're trying to scrambling to get more in. But you know, there's going to come in time. You can't do that. There's a little old school footage in there in that video. Yeah. Two of. If you want to see me when I was, I don't know, like 13 or 14. Maybe. Yeah, I was probably 14. I'm going to guess 14. Bronson's children. Bronson's children. Bronson's children. That was straight up it. You went through phases, right? Yeah. You did some great. It was hard to identify fully. The actual, because we had a bunch of different names. One of the names of the band was rage of discipline. rage of discipline. Age of discipline. It would never disciples of discipline. No. That's something else. Okay. A very simple discipline. It was rage of discipline. And it was struggle. It was lock and load, which is really militaristic for someone that wasn't in the military to be like my band called lock and load. I realized how cheesy that is now. No, that's pretty dope. No, I don't know. But anyways, rage of discipline's real military ish. See, right? You were even before. Yeah, that's what the guy you got. The video footage from Ellison James. He when he comes on the podcast, he's like, I'm going to tell people. I actually just spoiler alert. Because he said, I can't wait to tell everyone that you had a band called rage of discipline when you were 14 years old. And I was kind of laughing about that. Yeah. But you were in the making from the beginning. Yeah. Yeah, I guess you could say that. But you know, also I also look back and think, well, man, I did some dumb stuff when I was a kid. Yeah. Well, you didn't get a handle on the discipline, too later. But you know, the seed was there. You know, like a little rattlesnake. You know, they say they're the most dangerous because they can't control the venom. They don't have the discipline. Oh, but they want the discipline. That's what I think. That's what I was like, a little rattlesnake. Yes. Interesting. Right. Nonetheless, you can see these videos on you. Well, the video is a cool video. Yeah. Thanks, Chuck. Good job, echo Charles. Thanks. Trying to do more videos. Also, Chuck was a store called, Jocco Store. This is where you can get discipline equals freedom shirts. There's no way to get discipline. You know, iconic one. Also, rash guards on there. Women's stuff on their hoodies on there. Beanie's, who's the thing, the breed, Beanie's out a little bit more of a process. But you know, proved and, you know, there's going to be some beanie's on there. New shirt is out. Just in time for summer. Good job. Just. Even they're there. They'll need them down in Australia and New Zealand. Yeah. For summer time down there. Yeah. The southern hemisphere. Yeah. In Hawaii. New you're wearing a new shirt today. It's right. Is this out back to the book itself? It's out. It's available. Things I didn't say anything. I just kind of snuck it on there. So some people got it. So it's live. It's live. Been alive for a day. You're up to the book. Back to the book. It's actually good. A front of it has a book. On the back has all the titles that you've reviewed. Oh. It's a good one. Anyway, you want to see what that looks like. JoccoStore.com. If you want something, get something. It's a good way to support. Also, psychological warfare. If you don't know what that is, it's an album with tracks that each track is engineered. It's not music tracks. JoccoTracts. Engineered to help you through any moment of weakness that you may stumble upon or that might stumble upon you. Actually, you shouldn't say stumble upon you because that kind of gives the ownership to like, Oh, it happens to me. You know what I mean? If you hit weakness, you hit the weakness. Like you stumbled on the weakness. You can't blame the weakness. You blame you. You can't blame you. You can't blame you. So you need moment of weakness that you happen to stumble upon. There's a track for that procrastination. We can up early. The diet stuff falling off the diet. Wagon. You want to eat some donuts because they're free at work. It's wasteful if you don't eat them. It's disrespectful to the person who bought them. And you're going to eat them. That's weak. Stand the path and if you need a little spot psychological warfare, you can get it on iTunes. Amazon Music various wherever you can purchase MP3's boom, get it from their psychological or it's a good one. Good way to support too. By the way. Good way to support. Also, if you need some more support, you can get Jocca White Tea. And I've got some bad news and good news. Bad news. They've started testing for Jocca White Tea. So they started testing their worried, you know, they see guys just dominating and they're thinking they're probably on Jocca White Tea. The good thing that's a bad news. Good news is it doesn't matter. Can't test for it. All natural. It's all natural. No one can believe that a fully natural substance can raise any human beings deadlift to 8,000 pound minimum. But there it is. It is factual. Factual. Books. Books. All right. Books. You can get some books. Way to worry, kid. This is the book for kids. The book for kids. See the feedback. Go on. Go on social media. Go on Twitter. Go on Facebook. You boh-ha. And see kids. Studying. See kids doing pull ups. See kids doing Jiu Jitsu. See kids getting after it. That'll tell you right there. There's so many parents who said I can't believe my kid now wants to study. That's this post little pictures of kids making math flashcards. Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Imagine if you get your kid to do math flashcards voluntarily. Boom. So that's what I'm talking about. And now there's way the warrior kid to marks mission in this book. Uncle Jake teaches young mark and he really teaches the rest of us. How to control his temper. How to work hard. How to be frugal and smart with money. There's a little entrepreneurial activity in the book. He also learns how to take care of his gear. He learns how to save his money. He learns how to deal with insults and with verbal abuse. And he learns to overcome his fear of failure. That's a lot to learn in one book. Yeah. But it's there. The lessons are there. And it's done in a simple clear way that only Uncle Jake knows how to do. And speed of entrepreneurial warrior kids don't forget about Aiden. Young Aiden. He's only 12 years old, but he has a business. He's making soap from goat milk from goats on his farm. And he's not just making any soap. He's making good soap. He's making jocos soap. You can order it at Irish. Irish Oaks Ranch.com and the motto, which I thought of not giving Aiden any credit for this. He didn't think of this motto. I thought of the motto. The motto is, stay clean. So yeah, get yourself some jocos soap. You can also get a book called The Discipline equals Freedom Field Manual. And that's another book. The feedback is awesome. The feedback is awesome. People that get that book. And they get on the path. They get stronger, healthier, smarter, more disciplined. They're getting better. And they live a better life. And that's awesome here. So if you or someone you know needs to know how to get on the path and stay on the path path, then the field manual is for them. And it'll help them. Do just that. And for the audio version. It's not unautable because then you can't have an album with tracks. The audio version is on iTunes, Amazon music, Google Play, other MP3 platforms. So if you want the audio version, get that. Also, obviously, there's a book called Extreme Ownership. It is combat leadership. These are the lessons that we learned in combat translated into leadership principles for business and life. And you know what? Still on the Amazon charts right now is number 17 on all Amazon charts for books, ran or something like that. So yeah, you got to dig that. This is still selling in and also announcement. Just went over a million copies sold. Yeah, which is pretty legit. So thanks everyone for doing that for buying some books and copies of the books. And by the way, you don't sell a million copies of a books. I will book on just hype and we didn't do it through paid advertising, which I don't even know if you could do it through paid advertising. The book sells because the word a mouth. So everyone that listens to this podcast buys the books, spreads the word, gets it for other people. You're the reason that that book is selling so well, still. So thank you all for spreading the word, telling people, get it for them, get it for their team, up and down the chain of command, extreme ownership, pick it up, furthermore, echelon front. That's my leadership and management consulting company. We solve problems through leadership. That's what we do. And that is how all problems get solved through leadership. So it's me. It's safe, Babin. It's JP to now. It's Dave Burke. You can email info at echelonfront.com or you can go to the website echelonfront. And of course, we are approaching the master. This is the most dynamic leadership conference ever of all time. Take us or selling. We've already kind of expanded the floor in the location that we have in D.C. As much as we can to accommodate more people, but I'm telling you, it's going to sell out. We're only doing two musters this year. One is in Washington, D.C., May 17th and 18th. And one is in San Francisco, October 17th and 18th. So come learn, hang out, get your pragmatic leadership skills. And also it's important to know that there's no green room. There's no backstage. We'll be there hanging out answering questions, talking, eating, working out, and hanging out with everyone that shows up. So join us there. You can register at extremownership.com and also on extremownership.com. There's a document that we put together. So some people, they want to come to the conference. They need to run it up there, Chanda Command. And they kind of say, what should I say up my Chanda Command? I want my Chanda Command to pay for it, which is awesome. And the Chanda Command should pay for it, because they're going to get back a much better leader in their organization. But we put a document on there. You can click on the link, the little link. I guess it's called a link. It's called creating leaders at every level. And that's also on extremownership.com. We'll see you there. We'll see you at the master. And until we do see you at the master, you can find us interacting and conversing and cruising on the web's on Twitter, on Instagram, and on that FUHDABOHKI. ECHO. Is that ECHO Charles? And I am at Jockawilling in thanks to those of you out there in uniform around the world, on foreign lands in the sky over our heads, and on and under the high seas, protecting us from the evil of the world. Thank you. And thanks to police and law enforcement, to the firefighters and paramedics, and all of you first responders, thanks for taking care of us and our families when we need it most. And to everyone else out there, the nurses and the doctors working all hours to heal us and the teachers trying to educate our youth and the guys hanging drywall and pouring concrete and roughing and plumbing and electrical, and the farmers growing crops and the factory workers building products and the fishermen and the lobstermen and the long shormon and the bankers and the advisors and the salespeople and the waitresses and the cooks and the dishwashers. To all the men and women across the land and every job and every capacity that show up every day, thanks for listening to us. And thanks for doing your job and doing it well and doing it with pride. And thanks for working hard to make your own luck and to make your part of the world a better place by going out there and getting after it. So until next time, this is Echo and Jocco out.