 This is Jocko podcast number 371 with echo Charles and me jockel willing good evening echo good evening We are what we pretend to be so we must be careful of what we pretend to be there's a quote from curve on again One of my favorite authors. Ah look that's kind of a weird thing to say because I don't have like this big list of Favorite authors, sir, but he's one of the authors that I actually do really like a lot Curve on again born and raised in Indianapolis went to Cornell University got kicked out ROTC because he had bad grades and He was a little over the top with his satire in the school newspaper So that kind of tells you what kind of a duty was But then he didn't want to get drafted so he withdrew from college to go get enlist in the army 1943 got captured during the Battle of the Bulge Prisoner of war in Dresden, of course, this is this I'm just giving you a basic background if you don't know this stuff While he was a prisoner of war in Dresden Dresden got fire bombed by the Allied forces 25,000 civilians were killed and the place was just a wasteland and he had survived you they were being held as prisoners of war in This slaughterhouse and he went into like the meat locker of the slaughterhouse Which is where the book slaughterhouse 5 comes from Anyways, he survives the war becomes a reporter Wrote a bunch of really good books very funny dark humor Cats cradle book Welcome to the monkey house slaughterhouse 5. We're starting to talk about But this quote that he he gave which is we are what we pretend to be so we must be careful of what we pretend to be It reminds me of this idea that we've been talking about for the last two podcasts And if you haven't listened to podcast 369 and 370 then just stop and go listen to those first and then catch up here But we've been talking about this idea of the game And there's multiple games and you can go get that information from those other two podcasts Also kind of reminded me of this idea of Sam Harris and I were talking one time and he said you can't Pretend to be brave Because if you're scared and you're like well, I'm really scared, but I'm gonna pretend to be brave Well, and then you go and do brave stuff. Well, you're not just pretending you're actually brave But We have so that's kind of along the same lines somewhat as Be careful what you're pretending to be because that's what you are and That's reminded me of what we've been talking about you have to be careful of what game or what games you play because you Can quite possibly become those games More importantly the game that you play can become your life So we did those last two podcasts about this 369 370 And we were getting a bunch of feedback and questions and Comments and whatnot and so I reached out on social media on the interwebs to get some get some of those questions Get some of that feedback on those two podcasts and I want to go through those Now just because a bunch of people want, you know, we had had some stones. We didn't turn over yet Had some angles we hadn't seen So first one out of the gate from sarah Armstrong What's up sarah? I'm strong she said observation if your win Involves the participation of other people make sure you are not setting yourself up for disappointment by setting unrealistic expectations for others Yes, this is true this is factual We did a early podcast where I talked about the fact that I don't have a bunch of high expectations for other people Yeah Because if you said other people with a bunch of high expectations, you're counting on them It's there's a decent chance you're gonna get let down And why do that? Why not take ownership of what's going on yourself? So that's my recommendation And sarah armstrong is right here. We can't you can't count on others Look, they can be part of the plan, but you better have a backup And you better you better not have a single point of failure be relying on some other human Because you're there's a decent chance you're setting yourself up as sarah says for disappointment So don't expect too much if anything from others someone else next one this is from from Bizzle fitness I don't know if i'm gonna cover all these weird handles That people have different call signs Uh, really enjoyed these last two. I'd like to hear your thoughts on two related aspects to this pitfalls and opportunity costs That's number one and two balancing multiple games Easy example the folks that get old and either wish they had worked less or spent more time with their family or those On other extreme who wish they had done more with their lives. Yeah, there you go So first for the pitfalls and opportunity costs And as I went through these We're gonna come into We're gonna start hitting into a common theme and a lot of these questions and that is investment and return on investment right so A pitfall And any game that you play is you can lose So when you get on the field or you engage in a game, there's a chance you're gonna lose So what that means is you have to be careful with what you invest into that game And you have to head your bets and you have to have contingency plans now. What's interesting about this is like the whole idea of Like 100 commitment Which is sort of a Like do you hear this about seal training? Like you better have to have no backup plan or officer and a gentleman your officer No, please I got nothing else That's Kind of a positive thing like I have no backup plan Oh, I'm gonna start a business and I'm just I'm putting everything every every penny I have into it And if it fails, I'm just done. I'm gonna be in the streets. Right? And therefore I'm gonna Go extra hard to make it work If you have to do that to yourself psychologically, okay If you don't have to do that to yourself psychologically and you can set yourself up to Have a backup plan if through your primary plan like seal training. There's a decent chance that you're not gonna make it through it Because you got hurt because you got injured because you got sick because you didn't you thought you were tougher than you are and you quit All those things happen. They happen to 80 percent of people that go there So having a backup plan as long as you don't use that as you're out now look if you're gonna use that as you're out Yeah, it's gonna let you down if you're gonna work hard in your business But at the end of the day, you're like, you know what I can still just go back to my old job And I still have my house So I'm just gonna go back to my old job and go move back and just continue on As opposed to being like no, I'm gonna gut through it because I have no nowhere else to go You can see the dichotomy there. Yeah I would hope that you have the internal fortitude To push on and not just hit the escape hatch. It comes up, right? What did I heard somewhere to experiment? I forget where I heard it Like they were drowning. Was this at Jordan Peterson the other night? They were drowning if you take a chicken or they or a rabbit or something and they would drown it and They would hold it they would make it tread water. That's what it was. They would make a rabbit tread water And I heard this on a podcast or something. I think I think oh anyways, I heard on a podcast You take the the rabbit And you put it in the water or a rat. I think there's a rat you put in the rat in the water And it can tread water and it treads water trying to live trying to live trying to live And then right as it goes under for the last time You pull it out of the water and That takes about 15 minutes And then if you do it with those same rats again They'll tread water for like it was something like 60 hours Because they think at any minute they're gonna get pulled out of the water But if you take a fresh rat, it's still only going to make it 15 minutes. So If you if you have the type of personality where you're just going to give up and go back to the easy way Then I get it. You know, I don't maybe you don't have a a backup plan because you want to trap yourself where you have to keep going forward That's a real thing man. That's a real thing wait to that rat Experiment what did that? What was that conclusion there that like if you got some hope you're just gonna hang on till yeah Hope will make you hang on Hope will make you hang on that's crazy. Yeah, it is. Yeah, but it totally makes sense, right? Yeah, and almost at the same time, which is like equally if not more significant The lack of hope will make you just be like, hey, I'm kind of done 10 minutes, bro Like there ain't no getting out of this. Yeah, like you literally have plenty of energy left to stick it out for You know, however long but the lack of hope just pushes you right under. Yeah So uh to be honest with you My my lean is towards like yeah, you should have contingency plans You should have backup plans. You should head your bets You should say, oh, yeah, I'm gonna try this new business, but I'm not gonna quit my old job until I've got it up and running Now there's probably a subset of people that can't do that and they're like the rat That just is gonna give up after 15 minutes. You know what I mean? And they're just done Yeah, don't you feel that like if you do if you draw the parallel like whereas someone I don't know What are you talking about like starting a business starting a business? Oh, yeah, I want to leave my job I'm gonna start a new business. Yeah, so Basically the equivalent kind of I guess in a way is yeah, you start your new business you buy the website It's the first step And then you know, you start it in whatever way But you hit a roadblock so hardcore That you don't have that hope you do literally don't see it going anywhere Like literally in your mind regardless of how it would you know, like that'll that'll kind of do the same thing It's like, oh, yeah, just drowned just I'm just gonna drown myself because I lost the hope It's done, you know rather than oh, this is just getting really hard or you know This obstacle is like it's big and I don't have the energy, you know, it's more about oh, yeah I don't see it going anywhere already quit your other job Then maybe that pushes you right maybe you have you you have no other choice It's a little bit different because it's like you have no other choice. It's not about hope anymore It's like you have to what else are gonna do. Yeah So I get it That is a pitfall is the pitfall of all these different games Is if you play these games you can lose and that means you need to in my opinion Don't over invest. This is why we have the iterative decision-making process. This is why we make little steps We don't just go you know what I want to start my own business quit my job Give up my health insurance for my family can't pay the rent next month Whatever, but I'm gonna start my new I'm selling widgets. We're gonna go for it And you're gonna work hard to sell those widgets because you got a family of feet and you want to pay your mortgage But guess what there's a chance that that thing it just was a bad plan and no one wants your stupid widgets And now you're out of a job. You don't have health insurance for your kids. So why not take iterative steps? Um The other thing is the opportunity costs for sure How much can you invest in winning a game right how much can you actually afford what and then what's the roi When you're playing this game instead of that game. What's the roi on the game that you choose? Yeah And is it worth it? What if you win that game? What if you lose that game? You have to track risk and you have to track roi There this is stuff that you need to think about you need to think about the risk in the game And what the roi is Should you win? And then what the cost is should you lose? And this is to do with anything look what we're talking about the game. This is anything Anything that you are planning on doing you're planning on getting in a relationship. Okay, cool. What's the roi? What's the risk? Oh, she comes from a great background. She's got a squared away education. She comes from a stable family She's got a very even temperament. Okay, cool That sounds pretty positive when you start seeing red flags in there Now you know you start saying okay. Well, there's some risk here. There's some risk there So think about those things And make logical decisions, but When you make logical decisions, you still have to put emotions into the calculus Because if you're doing if you're if you're gonna start this new business and you're totally passionate about it and you love it And you might make less money, but you're you love doing it That might be better then You have to think about it You you're making more money, but you hate your freaking life. You hate your job 12 hours a day you hate So you have to take emotions and put them into the calculus So there you go that the other question there was how to balance multiple games that we're all playing well prioritize next year, right And again, what's the roi and the risk per game in all these different games? There's some games that you really have to pay attention to What do you want? What do you actually want? What is actually going to give you fulfillment? And you can't lie to yourself because there's people that lie to themselves About what's going to make them happy About what is going to give them fulfillment and if you lie to yourself for Throughout your life if that's when you end up on your death bed to the again going back to a busy fitness's question That's when you go to your death bed and you're like man. I didn't care about all this money or man I didn't care about what you know this uh Going up the chain of command and some in the military or in some company or getting you know I invested all my time into jujitsu and like I knew I wasn't going to be a champion. I wasted all whatever I don't know what it is Seems like a hard one But you know, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, it's true. There's people that there's people that reach a point in jujitsu Where they're like, oh, you know, I I don't want to do this anymore. Yeah, that happens Yeah, yeah fully and I guess it with jujitsu I felt like and there's I went through mental stuff like that too where I felt like there was a whole reason that I liked jujitsu is like To be able to get into a competition like in almost like a combat sport and win It made me feel good about myself kind of a thing And then after like a few, you know, like years of control with the psychological reveal But after years of competing and then when I got into like My career and then eventually kind of got married or whatever. I was like wait you kind of got married I'm gonna give you a chance to say that correctly So that we don't get any I was gonna say the person that you kind of got married to I was gonna say I kind of got um other Responsibility so to speak even though like jujitsu is the responsibility. That's why I say kind of anyway You get married start having like kids and stuff. It puts it into perspective like hey Sure, I'm always gonna go to jujitsu, but why don't I feel the same way? And I'm like, oh wait it puts into perspective. They're more important things than winning jujitsu tournaments So you looked at the ROI Of you know training seven days a week three hours a day And you and the and the ROI of Investing time and effort into your family and the ROI of investing time and effort into your career And this is exactly what we're talking about. You had to prioritize an execute. You know what seven days a week three hours a day And my ROI on that is I'll feel good about a competition But the ROI of investing in my career is I can get money. I can get stability I can take care of my family and by the way, that's the other thing my family There's the ROI of you know raising my kids and the smile on my wife's face all those things and you weigh those out And you were honest with yourself And you prioritize those things in the correct way So that when you're on your death bed, you're not like man, I really wish I would have trained jujitsu more or you're like Boy, I'm glad I won that tournament. Yeah, you know, even though my wife left me And my kids don't know me. I'm really happy. I won that tournament and I got a coral belt in jujitsu when I was 68 Yeah, that was that was kind of the thought really where it went through this You went through this With your With with these things in your life You actually did this protocol and we talked about this we talked about that being honest with yourself That was sort of the underlying theme of I think 370 the the last one was like you have to be honest with yourself about these games And in this podcast as I read through these questions The specific thing is you need to be honest yourself about The investment you're willing to make and what the return is And is it worth it and is it what you really want? Yeah, because if it's not You know, I've seen this happen with fighters too like fighters reach a certain point where They say, you know what? I mean like I just I'm I don't want to do Eight-week camps where I can't see my family and God or whatever happens with people in the military. They're like, you know what? I've I've done my 10 years. I'm not committed to the job anymore I don't want to do it anymore and they get out and they move on to something else the ROI They have to be honest with themselves. I've also seen people lie to themselves Yeah, about these types of things and by the time they get out Of the military They realize that they were pursuing something because they were basically caught in that ecosystem We talked about that on one of the other podcasts like man. That's so true The other thing that weighs into this like Just to just to kind of get precise on what you just said You knew you actually weren't going to be better than everyone at jujitsu. You weren't you weren't going to be the world champion No, you're gonna be good. You're gonna be good at a particular you'd be in the top three or five in in a gym You weren't going to be the number one even in that particular gym And you definitely weren't going to be number one in the state of california or certainly not in the world If you would have had that maybe potential Now all of a sudden the ROI becomes oh, it's a little better ROI. I can actually be a champion I can actually start a school. I can have a whatever you can make a living from it now There's other things that come out of it. You you weren't in that situation. Oh, yeah So and that's a good point because you don't really well then again, I don't know I can only speak for myself but I didn't really think about that Until I got my eyes kind of opened where I'm like, oh wait, there's all this other stuff that I can be like Kind of I could see a path to legitimate success over here But then in jujitsu if I even like think about it like that which I never really did I just was like I liked training and winning and then doing the tournament or whatever But then if I look at like a more a long-term path, you're right. I was like, yeah I'm not even close to these like the real dudes, you know, so I'm like, oh, why would I do this? Nice thing about having Dean Lister in a gym. We're like, bro, this guy And Dean Lister, you know, he was number one in the world at certain times But a lot of times he's getting beat by other guys. So you're thinking well, this guy's destroying me So where am I? I'm gonna be like Third or fourth or fifth in my gym. Yeah, and keep in mind. I'm in my 30s at this time Yeah, so let's face it, you know, but the point is I was I didn't my eyes weren't even open to that It was just like it was part habit part payoff going to the gym and learning cool stuff or whatever But Well, you just like how you said that ecosystem you get blinded by just that ecosystem because you're just in it You know and then so other things open my eyes or whatever and then you can see, you know for me the jujitsu is just a r the r y on jujitsu is the Uh personal like the good feeling when I get done training Yeah, and especially when I kind of go to war like when I'm having wars on the mat It feels good get done like you just know you pushed Yeah, you you got tapped you tapped whatever doesn't matter, but you you you you struggled you into war in in that Arena which is sense bj pan actually said on this podcast. It's called mine pump. He was on this podcast He's uh, he was like I I trained for my mental health and I was like, oh, that's so true because really that's essentially what you said It's like you go in it's like it's therapy in so many different ways You it's the kind it's so good. We're like just the activity And I found that even when I go and I don't have hard training or I do have hard training to me It's all the same at the end I mean look if you have a bunch of super duper easy trainings in a in a row and you're like frick I wish I okay, there's that but you go to jujitsu unless you get injured Which I had before but if unless you get injured you go home you can feel better 100 even if you really didn't feel like going Which is a lot of the time, but if you get yourself it's like any workout, you know But you just as those extra elements of like I don't know something that like Fulfills you or whatever. Yeah, no, they made that They made that video at origin of my daughter talking about it and she was just like Once she realized how good it made her feel Yeah, but mentally that's when she was like, oh, I can I should do this all the time And it happens when you withdraw from it. You're like, why don't I feel that good? And all of a sudden you do you like oh Yeah, so that's what I feel like. Yeah So the ROI on that level for me jujitsu. This just this just Devolved into just a pure jujitsu discussion But it applies to everything. Yeah, it applies to checking the ROI on the game Whether that game is you're gonna get focused on getting involved in uh, you know your your Thing at work like where does it go? That's someone people get caught up in they get caught up and like, oh, I'm in this job I'm in this corporation and I'm gonna make it. I'm gonna make it to the next level. I'm making the next level Okay, that's cool as long as that ROI is real as long as you're like, oh If you're like, hey, I'm just doing this because the pay is great and I can take care of my family And I'm gonna get promoted and get more money. Okay, cool. Cool work hard and that all works out If you're thinking, oh, I want to I want people to call. I want to be the VP Right. I want to be the EVP And then you think that's gonna make you feel better and if it does cool, that's fine. That's awesome Like hey, you rose up you were in a big company. You were running a big department. You had a lot of responsibility You're taking care of much with that that is totally legit As long as you're telling yourself the truth if you're lying to yourself. That's when it becomes problematic That's one thing that's so cool about ash on front is I work with so many different people like there's people that do you can name it And they're totally into it, man And it's awesome Like I want I love to work with people that whatever they're doing whether they're digging ditches But they're doing it safely and they're doing you know doing huge contracts and it's awesome They're running big companies and it's cool. They love doing that stuff or they're you know making a product or they're Providing a service, but they're into it They're in the right game And I hope that if you're listening you can do an honest assessment of yourself and make sure that that game that you're in Is the right game for you And if you're doing something that you say Oh, I don't care about my clients if you don't care about the people you're that you're serving Or you're providing services from that's not a good indicator If you're working with people you don't really like or you don't really want to take care of that's not a good indicator So be honest with yourself and make sure that the game that you're in from a work perspective is the right game That's a lot more common problem than I'm into a You know Jiu Jitsu is an example, but any hobby that you're into Like you invest a bunch of money into archery You wouldn't invest a bunch of money unless it was unless you liked it unless the ROI was good So the hobbies are a little bit easier to just I'm not going to do that Yeah, actually the hobbies are the opposite where you should be doing it, but you're not You know you you you know you should be training Jiu Jitsu You know you should be lifting weights You know you should be running or do whatever thing it is because you know it makes you feel good, but you say, you know Right you forget about the ROI you forget about the return you only think about the investment Well, you know, I got to get up early and do this before I go to work and that's kind of a pain You only you focus on the investment. You don't focus on the return the return is your health and that's what you should focus That's why Measuring the investment and measuring the return on investment of what you do in the game whatever game it is That's why I'm trying to get you to pay attention to them All right Next one Carter Royce. I guess Carter hoist. Maybe if he's from Brazil Uh, if everyone on a team has a different overall life game slash goal How do you work to align these different perspectives into one that benefits the overall team? And this is work relationships community Here's the here's the cool thing about this Living well Doing good and helping each other Generally speaking helps helps ourselves as well It generally so when you're talking about Interacting with other people whether it's at work whether it's in your family whether it's in your community if you help other people It's going to help you And if everyone recognizes that then we're all aligned so if If I help echo If if you and I work together And if you work hard and so you provide a good service to our clients I benefit you benefit I benefit and we both know that at actual on front Okay, so take actual on front. We got a bunch of instructors there The better each individual instructor does right the better jp does the better laif does the better. I do The better Dave does the better each individual instructor does Providing the service for the client the better that individual does And the better actual on front does Because people call back say we want jp to come again. We have he's great. We want him to come and do a four-day workshop Like that's what happens So guess what jp makes more money actual on front makes more money the client gets taken care of so That's the way it is with Most in your family oh your Your kid is you take you you get your kid to study, you know, you talk to explain to them the why they study hard They get better grades. They get better grades That's beneficial not just for you. You'd be like, hey, my kid's a straight a student, right? You get the brag cool Yeah, but also your kid gets a better life They get into a better school. They get a better job All that stuff happens the family's doing better because now I don't have to rely my kid's not relying on me for that For that, you know kicking down some some money because they don't have a good job How does alignment roll into that because like how he's asking like everyone has a different overall gaming goal Well, what I'm saying is If you're part of a team because he's talking about an individual team whether that team is a family a company if We you know at my family If I say hey, listen, we got to do a better job with not spending so much money We're wasting money on this we're wasting money on that people are going buying a cup of coffee that costs three dollars It's it's hurting us We need to tighten it up So when I say that to the whole family the whole family realize oh, I need to spend less money. Guess what we end up with more Financial security because we're not wasting a bunch of money and that means we can You know get that new roof that we need because our roof is leaking. Yeah, like this is what happens So when you're all working together, it's very rare That's something that helps the individual Doesn't help the team right Because because then what why are you part of why is there a team? Yeah teams are meant to achieve a goal Whether that's a business whether that's a family whether that's a sports team You know if if echo if you and I are part of the same company And you and I are supposed to make widgets and you make 10 a day and I only make five a day The fact that you made more than me is actually good for you because you're going to get your bonus, but it's also good for me I don't want to like undermine you Because then all of a sudden we're not getting as many of our widgets made and now we don't have as many to sell and now some other Place can come in and get a market share from us and that's a problem. Yeah, so for this When you when you climb the ladder of alignment, which I talk about a lot at echelon front You and I might be competing to make widgets right you you you and I are getting a bonus based on how many we make And whoever makes more gets a better bonus. We're competing Yeah, but as soon as we go up one level Up the up the ladder of alignment And I say Hey, I don't want to actually like steal some of your parts for your widget So you can't make as many or so your widgets don't meet the quality And now someone out in the marketplace buys it and it doesn't work right and now they complain to put it on yelp and now our sales go down So when you go up and say hey look even though we're competing against each other see you can make more widgets and still maintain quality Even though we're competing against each other if you go up one level We're actually working together because if we provide good widgets and we make a lot of them There'll be more to sell we can lower the price a little bit which means we can sell even more We can drive some other people to sell them We can sell even more we can drive some other people out of the market like that's what's happening Yeah, so climb the ladder of alignment a little bit go to a higher place where it's like oh We are on the same team. Yeah I always listen to that when you say Climb the ladder of alignment because you know people That's like one of the main questions that people ask you in my when I mean in my experience I'm like, hey, what do you do when we're not aligned and this person has little separate agendas, right? And so I'm thinking wait a second. Yeah, that's obviously a common problem So why is it always that's like not that simple, but why is it always? Like you always have that same solution and it makes perfect sense So I'm still thinking why the hell is it still a problem like that much because people mistake agendas for alignment They mistake the fact that you and I are competing To who can make more widgets? They mistake that fact that we're competing and we're actually trying to go against each other with the fact that if you go up A few levels we're actually both trying to do the same thing and move in the same direction Yeah Yeah, I've realized slowly but surely the jam up comes when Someone invokes their short-term agenda at the expense of the long-term agenda even for themselves And by the way and when that happens, so I steal some of your parts Yeah, and I mess them up and I put them back in your bucket of the widgets you're assembling Yeah, so I can look better. You can look so I look better. Yeah, and all someone needs to do is pull me aside and say Hey, jocco, we got you know, we saw that we saw what you did Let me ask you this jocco if you know Someone buys one of the parts that echo made one of the widgets that echo made it doesn't work What's that going to do to our reputation? Oh now they're gonna want not going to want to buy the ones that you made either Oh Now we're not selling as many of these things Oh now in order to cover our margin. We got to raise our prices Oh now that we've raised our prices the competitor comes in and is looking even better with an even lower price. Oh We're getting driven. See what I'm saying. All you have to do is pull the thread on it and you realize that Occasion it's so rare and usually this what I say it's so rare that people are actually not aligned Yeah, once you go high enough look we can be aligned even in a seal platoon. It's like you have you have seth in in Delta platoon and laif and charlie platoon. They're competitive against each other You know, they both want we only got you know seven of the new weapon sites the new high speed weapon sites They want some all seth wants them all And if they're gonna steal them from each other That's bad But if I say hey guys, who's got a mission that more requires these sites Yeah, and laif's like well, you know Seth's doing this these patrols over in this area. That's further ranges He could probably use them. Oh, okay as soon as you go up a level The problem gets solved Occasionally very rarely echo Actually wants to start his own widget business. Mm-hmm. So he's doing things that legitimately are not aligned He's making parts that are not he's making widgets that suck And they're gonna go out in the market. We're gonna have a bad reputation. He's gonna go up I started to echo his widgets and we make the highest quality. Yeah, so occasionally you can have people that are Truly not aligned at the top of the linemen ladder of alignment. They're not aligned. This is what I always ask people I ask companies like, okay Who here doesn't want the company to be profitable? No one raises their hands Who here doesn't want to take care of the people on your team? No one raise your hand Who here doesn't want to take care of your customer? No one raises their hand. So there all of a sudden everyone's aligned. Everybody wants to make money Everybody wants to take care of their team and everyone wants to take care of the customers Everyone's aligned. No one goes like, well, I'd actually like to screw over the customers or like, hey I actually I actually want my team to to be in a bad bad position or I want the company to lose money That's not happening. Same thing in war What do we want to do kill bad guys keep our guys safe and win the war? Okay Who who here wants to get their guys killed? No one who here doesn't want to kill the bad guys? No one Who here wants us to lose? No one. So we're aligned. You might be thinking we should attack from this direction I'm thinking we should attack from a different direction But one of us is right one of us wrong. It's not that we disagree on what we're trying to achieve So we're aligned. We just have different ideas And that's all there is to it And it's the same thing here when it comes to these various games that we're playing Yeah, that um and jp tells a good story about this But that that's a good point where it's like, yeah, you might have two different ideas But once you kind of realize how aligned you really are you start to be like wait a second Let's really hash out who has the better idea whether it's you or me or whatever But it puts it into perspective that much more So and that's what happened jp according to his story about uh, you guys, you know when he came back You know, he has all these like important missions and all this like big huge impact He's maybe he comes back and then he has to be like an instructor which he thought was like Not that it was like a misuse of his his value or whatever. It was a danger to society It was a danger to bud students. I can guarantee you that Freakin jp in ramadi as the lead sniper And then whatever two weeks later. He's like standing in front of bud students. That's not a good transition period for jp to know at 22 years You realize that's literally when I met jp. Oh really like right when he got back. Yeah That's what I met him for the first time with cake. Where'd you meet him? Oh, it's a tsu shi. Yeah He was like sure. Okay, but um But he makes a great point where he's like he was so mad. He even admits like I was so mad I should be over there doing this. You know killing me and he talks to you one time and you're like, hey That was your mission then this is your mission now We're fighting where you're doing this you're gonna train these guys So we the best you possibly possibly possibly can so they can be good enough to go over and we never have to go to Freeing ore again. Boom. Just like that. Mm-hmm put back into perspective Alignment revealed alignment revealed. So there you go Um, there you go. Carter Hope that helps next one easy money, dude. Hell yeah check How do you identify what games are worth playing or games to avoid again? This is this is a study in return on investment Now and it's not just return. It's return on investment So it's what are you gonna have to put into this thing and what can we possibly get out of it? And what are the risks involved? And then you just have to be honest with yourself Just be honest with yourself. You're looking at some some game Want to get involved with a girl want to start a new business want to get involved in a club You know, there's like a you know, rotary club or whatever want to get involved in that thing Want to get involved in some volunteer organization, whatever it is What do you have to put into it? What's the return going to be and what are the risks involved? And be honest with yourself Did you know that Seinfeld had nine episodes and they were like at the top of the charts and then he just stopped Remy had nine episodes or not episode. Sorry nine seasons. Yeah, and it was number one And he just stopped and they were like what the hell they wanted him They were gonna pay him crazy amounts of money for a tenth season So why didn't you do it because of this? He identified the game worth playing because he looked back. He said i'm not married. I have no kids nothing All i'm doing is this show no matter how successful it was like that's not worth it anymore As far as my life the games i'm playing there you go. Perfect example. He had to look at it. He's got this game He knows what the investment is. It's his time. It's his effort And he's putting everything into it And he's already achieved. He's gotten what he what the return that he's gotten. He's like, you know what I got enough money I got enough fame I got enough credit, you know street cred from who gives street cred comedians cred or something Well, it is literally one of the if not the most successful sitcom of all time So that's like that's a big deal to be like, oh, i'm done. Did you watch that show a lot? Yes Like all of it. Yes. Okay pretty good. I think so. Yes But it relates to like all the little everyday things in life and at like point. It's yeah, it's pretty good It's it's very I've watched I've watched probably I've watched some of them probably like 20 of them or something like that But if there's nine seasons, I really not even scratch in the surface But that's a great example. He looked at it measured the ROI And said, okay, cool. I'm done and there you go. Good. Good, uh Good metaphor there next one is from that jake denham Denham something like that. How did you learn about real estate investing? Um, a guy told me A guy a sky in the seal teams That I worked for was like, yeah, you know, I bought I bought houses And they increased in value over time. I mean, I don't know how he said it specifically But that but that's basically what he said to me. He probably said something like, you know, I bought this house Eight years ago. He's older than me. I bought this house eight years ago for 150 grand It's worth like 400 grand now and I must have been like, hmm like the slow turning Things coming together and the other thing in this one I did remember He was like because he rented these houses out. He's like someone else is paying my mortgage And that seemed very smart and I realized that I was one of those people that was paying someone else's mortgage and I didn't like that so Started buying houses, you know bought at a time buy a house Yeah, as soon as I had that house was kind of settled in and then bought another one and just tried to hold on to him And that's what I did. Um Yeah, that's how I that's how I learned about real estate investing. I took some really simplistic phrases from a dude That was telling me what was up and just saw the game. I I saw the game That's Let's bring it back to this right? I saw that this guy had bought a house for 100 grand and now it was worth 300 grand In like a seven-year period But more that seemed cool more important. I realized that someone else was paying for that house Yeah And I realized where I was on the board on the game board, right? I was paying rent, bro I was paying for someone else's house. How would you feel if you're like at a bar? And like you're sitting there drinking your beer And then the bill comes over and you're signing it and you're signing there's some other go dude. He's having like Orderves he's having bottle service bottle service and they're like, yeah, you're Here's his bill. You'd be pissed. You wouldn't stand for it But we stand for that with when it comes to where we live. We basically stand for it So once I realized we're out that's a good example of oh There's a game. I didn't know I was part of the game. I didn't know it's part of the game I thought that's what was happening. You gave me the bill. I signed it. I didn't know this guy was over here with bottle service You know, I'm paying for his bottle service That's what you're doing. You're buying someone a house when you're paying rent Look, are there times we got a rent? Sure. You go to you take a job. You're in a job for a short period of time You're only gonna be in this city for a year and it's you don't know what's gonna happen the market I'm not saying go run out and buy a house tomorrow. You need to understand what's happening But if you know, you're gonna be somewhere for a longer period of time Yeah, and you can afford to buy a house go buy a house So I realized that that's what realized that's what made me realize it's one of the earlier games That I checked into um, another question from him is How to know when you're playing the wrong game and it's time to quit Or switch games. Okay ROI, right? Uh, measure the ROI. What are you getting out of this? If you're gonna get a lot out of it, but it's a lot of effort. Okay. Well, is it worth the effort? Is it worth the investment time money leadership capital, whatever the thing is Family is it going to be worth it? Or is it not? And so you when you figure out the risks and you figure out the investment and you figure out the return You may or may not get based on those risks. Okay, then you can make a decision We also now what's interesting about this question is We're in the game. He's saying you're playing the wrong game. So now what we have to do is we have to do an honest assessment of our Trajectory in this game, right? How well am I doing? Am I making progress? You know how now in the UFC when you watch the UFC they have the odds They show the odds after each round Yeah, so now that's a new thing. I don't know how new it is, but it's a few years old but Like oh echo really did great in that last round against jaco. His odds of winning now just went up Oh, jaco just came back and had a great round and plus echo was like stunned at the end of the round It looks like he was going to get knocked out. He got saved by the bell. Oh jaco's odds just went up for the last round a lot You have to do an assessment and see where you're at, right? And see what is your trajectory of what's happening? It's kind of like what you said you did with your jiu-jitsu career You're like, okay, I'm 30 whatever you're 34 years old I'm the seventh best guy in my gym, which is not bad, but let's face it. We're one gym Okay, and I'm making progress, but so is everybody else Okay, where am I? Where am I going with this? Same thing with a job, you know, okay, I've been at the same job. I've been in this position for for four years I haven't been promoted in the last three years I don't have a good relationship with my boss This does not seem like it's a good fit for me So you've got to do an honest assessment of your trajectory and Make a decision Uh One thing that you can do is you can kind of mitigate risk, right? This is a story I've told a few times, but greg mackentire. Sure great train. Yeah, great train At a certain point greg's a badass He's a freaking great wrestler his jiu-jitsu solid. He's a great athlete. He's a good boxer and he was kind of he was he was starting in the MMA scene and He had like he had real legit potential in MMA because he's a great wrestler tough as nails Strong for I mean he's freaking 50 155 pounder. He's strong as hell so greg train Actually asked me and this was like Probably 15 or 20 years ago. This is a long time ago. This is probably 20 years ago He was like, what do you think I should do? Should I just dedicate my whole life right now to MMA? Or should I keep training but also he wanted to get a degree. He wanted to become an x-ray technician. That's what he is, right? And I was like listen bro How many hours a day can you train? Legitimately and I said can you train 16 hours a day? And he said no I said no one can train 16 hours a day. How many if you really train hard? How many hours a day can you train including recovery like the whole nine yards? He's like, I don't know maybe four or five right? That's like training conditioning recovery Maybe you do six. Maybe you do six Okay, you're gonna work eight hours a day you sleep eight hours a day That's 16 hours right You got plenty of time to train and you can still have a backup to MMA in case you go to wrestling practice tomorrow And blow your knee out which can happen on any given day And so he played both games, you know and and he he you know, he had a good run at MMA he also ran into some problems that were tough to deal with and so he mitigated the risk played more than one game at the same time And when the MMA thing dried up guess what he still had a cool career Making good money beautiful family taking care of them house like the whole nine yards So that's a situation where he didn't necessarily quit the other game but he he mitigated the risk by playing multiple games at the same time So there's this thing called the sunk cost fallacy. Yeah, it's like I got it in one of these questions for sure Yeah, because that's a factor and I'm thinking back to my bouncer days where You know, I had you know, kind of you know, I spent a few years there and like And I remember one time my brother Jade he goes he goes. Hey, you ever thought about getting another job and I was offended I was like bro all the Stuff I learned all the friends that I made all the stuff like basically all these commitments that I've made over the years And accumulated all these little, you know results or whatever I kind of kept me in there kind of like hey if I get it if I start all over it's kind of like what about all that What I put into that given the circumstances and I'll tell you you probably just gave the most shallow example of sunk cost fallacy Because honestly, yeah, because if you think about it, I mean, what is that really like you didn't you look you you made some friends You had a moved up the chain where you were now like the shift lead or something like that Which probably took you six months or something And when you get to people that are in legit sunk call, oh, it's like, oh, I went to I went to undergrad I got my pre-law. I went to law school I did my freaking time as a clerk and went up through the chain of command and now I'm a lawyer It's been eight years. I've invested $450,000 and I freaking hate it. You know, I hate this job. Yeah That's sunk cost. Yeah where they go Do do I really walk away from this right now? That's where people have to that's where the sunk cost makes people Stick with the same crappy job, but they don't like For a long period of time, which I recommend definitely watching out for well You know, well, you know the the common example of sunk cost is the movie theater one, which is more shallow than mine even Do you you already paid for the movie? So yeah, you go to the movie You go through halfway three quarters and you're like, I might as well finish it, you know, I'm I'm here. You know what I'm gonna do walk out of the movie. I already paid you know that, you know, but no, bro walk out I What I do in a movie sucks. I just go to sleep, bro I feel so like comfortable sleeping in theaters. Have you when my kids were little we'd go to see like one of those kids movies Oh, yeah, and and look, there's some really good kids movies, but a lot of times they just they're just not good But I would just mon Incredibles. Yeah, it's good. The Incredibles I like Moana. That was a good one, man I don't think I made it through that one. Come on I don't know if I made it. There's a lot of them that is some coins for sure. Yeah, so but most of them go to sleep I haven't walked out of a lot of movies. Well, that's different. So like you walked out of a lot of movies I walked out on the one with Angelina Jolie and Ethan Hawke Back at the time. I don't even yeah, I even forget what it was. I remember he there. I don't think I've It didn't seem like you're kind of moving though, but But but keep in mind I think when you walk out of the like you can't just tell the kids Hey, I'm bored with this kids movie. So, you know, self-course fall asleep. That's like Yeah, that's a good kind of a joke in my family. Let it's like when we when they would know Yeah, I'm just going to sleep. It's not time for just snore and embarrass them Yes So again, this boils back to we have to pay attention to risk Investment and return on investment and we have to do an honest assessment if you're in the game You got to check your trajectory honestly And look you echo looked at his trajectory and said, you know what? I'm kind of a shift lead now I got these friends. I could I could get beer, you know, whenever I want I'm head of the line privileges at these other clubs. I kind of Right. Yep But he had to look at a longer term trajectory like okay, where am I going to be in five years? And all you have to do is meet that one person that's like been a been in some position that you're in but they've been there for 17 years. Yeah, and you're like, oh, so there's like one more element involved in that exact thing right there. So You know when I started over there at the club I was 23 just turned 23. So, you know, you see a guy who's like 40. You're like, oh, well, I'm only 20 that's like Two decades from now, you know, like brah. I'll be you know, whatever. You don't even think it's so far ahead But then when you uh, after a while you get old actually, it's not like for it. It's like you see a guy who's 30 You're like, oh, I'm not gonna meet that. That's like seven years. It's forever. It's like a third of my life, right? Yeah, what's he doing here? Yeah, and to be honest, you don't even apply it to yourself because that's just him and too bad I mean, I guess cool up to you. That's your life, you know, whatever and then you start reaching 20 29 and remember back Wait a second. I was looking at that 130 and that's next year. So you're like, dang. That's when it hits you Yeah, for sure. That's all it means. That's real. That's when you realized you were uh, Stationary you were running on a treadmill that wouldn't get you anywhere. Um in a certain lane for sure. You were in the wrong game I was in the wrong game But here's the thing though, like I don't want to paint this picture like it was all shit because to be honest Like I learned so much which I didn't even realize by the way I learned so much just dealing with people under certain types of circumstances. You're like, ah, you know, like But yes, like after a while you kind of hit the wall in that regard where you're like, well as far as a career Because really when you reach 30s, that's like if you're not in it You're kind of like looking out for one, you know, and I didn't think did you ever think about opening your own club? Yeah, and then what happened with that It was just thought, you know It just didn't even yeah, it didn't formulate Well, me and star started dating then, you know when you have like a girlfriend was a one in my case I had a girlfriend who had like a for real job She was making like for real money like adult money You know, what was she doing property management? Oh, check So you kind of compare it, you know, I was like, yeah I'm what I'm gonna open a nightclub and be up all night still, you know, and I got to wake up at like 11 noon Me meanwhile, you know, I'm like 35 40 years old doing that all the time like as a routine. I'm like, eh Which is would be cool, but I just contrasted it to again Like this is it's very important that you were able to detach and do an assessment and look at the game of like nightclub Ownership and what does that entail? I mean, you've got to be there like you looked at the game and you had a good comparison to look at Sarah's game and be like, oh look We're gonna be playing two different wildly different games That's if the Venn diagram doesn't overlap very much like we'll see each other for Actually, we don't even see each other at night because she comes home. You're at the club. She's okay. Yeah, like a couple nights only Yeah, so you you measured the trajectory the ROI the possibilities and you saw it. It wasn't good. Yeah Good job, echo Charles Next question is from Levi Mix, I don't know Levick mix He says, how do you play the game and trust that you're able to make competent decisions that are congruent with your growth? For example, I've grown in almost unfathomable ways over the last year, but I still have mindsets from who I previously was When making incompetent choices I think what you need to do is Take a step back and a beautiful way and I'm probably gonna say this a bunch is When you want to detach and you want to assess what's happening Take a step back write down what's happening? Write down like when you got to make a decision write down The pros and cons that's why pros and cons lists are good. It's not good because you don't know it It's good because it makes you look at it from a detached perspective you get to see You keep it all in your mind. You're in it when you take when you write it down. Okay. Here's what's good Here's what's bad. Oh my gosh. The bad really outweighs the good. Okay. Cool. Because you were able to take a step back So writing things down when you come up to a decision point. Hey, wait a second. Let me just let me just go over What are the outcomes that I could get? From making this decision How is this going to go and then? Try and answer those questions without letting your emotions get involved again not not void of emotions Put the emotions in the calculus But don't let that drive the entire decision and then of course Make iterative decisions and then listen to the feedback So make a little small decision in direction that you think is right And then pay attention to what the feedback is and make sure that it was the right decision if it's not then change it Do you and this is kind of a weird hypothetical question for you. Do you let's say your 30 30 year old self still in the military, right? Yeah, the dirt. Yeah, hell yeah If that 30 year old jaco saw your jaco right now and would like watch you and whatever would would the 30 year old jaco be like Oh, shit. He's a different person or would he be like, okay? He's just like older and wiser. I think he'd be like, uh Yeah, the that oh, I see the conclusion of that idea the way it developed I see like it's kind of cool. Like when I look back at my career in the military Yeah, I don't say, you know from a leadership perspective Here's this horrible thing that I did And it didn't work. Yeah, usually I'm like, hey, here's what I did And this is why I did it and it still makes sense and that goes back to when I was 30 years old Now there's things I go. You know what could have done that better But I can see that the trajectory of the way I was thinking was just not fully formulated yet But I wasn't doing anything that was like 180 out. Yeah, you know Uh-huh. It was like, oh, yeah, I really hadn't I really hadn't quite gotten to this conclusion yet. Yeah, or I hadn't evolved that Thought pattern yet, but it was going in the right direction. So I think if my 30 year old self would go Oh, yeah, I can see where that we got that from Yeah, yeah, that makes something along those lines because I make I'm kind of remit and I'm sure it's like You know the slow burn of you changing in whatever way you change since even before We you know back back in the day when we were like training I was competing and you're To me it feels like you're the same person like literally the same talk trash person except now you Talk about leadership to you know like a site, but yeah, and what's funny is when you and I were training I was talking about leadership just not to you. Yeah, like I mean I was already you know, that's That's what I was doing. Yeah, do you know and I think I told you this Actually, you already know this because you were part of it the first video I made For money was with you actually the first like five video. I mean this money was but um You were talking about leadership to some teachers. It's like we were making a dvd or something And uh, it was for teachers and I so I came across that all those files And I was listening to it and it's all like underdeveloped echelon front stuff. Oh for sure. It's so funny. You're all young But anyway, my point is yeah, like you it doesn't seem like you changed at all No, and like the principles that we talk about like when you're talking about that Those principles are the same the same thing Um, there's not been there there might be like I have might have a better way of explaining something Showing a different angle for sure. Oh, yeah, but your way you're actually are a lot different It just doesn't seem it doesn't feel like it to me like day to day But yeah, if I were to if you were to like rewind and even watching those videos I'm like, oh, this is like young jocco, but you're still the same jocco, but you change a lot, but It's like I'm comparing it to myself like when I was like 25 or something bro My 25 year old still would barely recognize me. Well, yeah, that's true I think with everybody and if you like my 25 year old self was definitely wild like was a little bit out of control and was uh kind of a maniac and I remember I remember when we were on with uh With uh, Jim conco And charlie plumb and they were like talking these guys are like just I don't want to use the word saintly but kind of saintly like heroic dudes Yeah, and they were kind of like throwing me in you know with this sort of uh elevated kind of Virtue and I was like, hey guys, I just want to make sure like I was a maniac when I was younger and So let's not get too crazy with that stuff But uh, but yeah, I mean the the principles and also You know you explain something and then you explain it again and you see oh that was a little bit better So you get better at explaining stuff over time, especially Going from explaining stuff to guys in the teams where you're just using pure military examples and then as I worked with more and more companies like oh, here's another civilian example Here's another business example. There's a family example and you start to be able to be able to Tap into these other ways of explaining things that are that are Easier for some people to understand makes sense. Yeah, so there you go uh next one Digarmo for Thoughts on how your concept of the game matches and or contradicts Uh, Simon Sennick's finite or infinite infinite game concept and that's that's a good question. Obviously Using the term game and there's gonna be let's see where that ends up and and one thing that's interesting about this is That idea of finding finite versus infinite games Is actually from a guy named james kars who is an american philosopher uh academic guy from nyu and he wrote a book In 1987 that's called finite and infinite infinite games uh But as far as the concept goes it's it's not so much that They match or they contradict what we've been talking about It's it's not that they match or they contradict So to give you the definition here a finite game is like any game that has Parameters around it so I always say chess like chess you have 64 squares you got 16 piece per side They can only the pieces can only move in certain directions, right? That's a finite game Basketball uh, there's a court. There's a ball. There's a number of steps you can take when you're not dribbling There's a height of the basket. There's a number of points that you get for a shot when you make it depending where you are so so all those things are Those are finite games and what one of the reasons like uh that I originally thought of this Myself I'm not trying to say I thought of the idea was Uh chess I heard I think lex freedman. Maybe it was lex, but someone talking about the fact that That A computer can win in chess because it's a finite game So either zone number moves and if you can you can get that thing to run out the The eventualities of each move and come to the best move and it can be the human Infinite games that have no rules There a computer Might not be able to win because it's not going to be able to Do something that's totally unexpected. It's not going to have the creativity that's needed now. Look we got a i coming in chat GPT and all this stuff so It's gonna but it's gonna take some sort of Really revolutionary technology for a machine to be a Human in an infinite game an infinite game is like life, right? There's no rules. You can move you a total war Total war this is a war where you're like this is for our survival, which means we're gonna do whatever it takes There's no rules for as long. Yeah for as long as it takes no rules Hmm street fighting for survival Like that's sort of an infinite game because if you grab a bottle you can smash it on the dood's head and cut his throat open Uh, if you get a chance to slam them their face down if you have a weapon Like it's sort of just hey, whatever you got you can bring it into the game And so you could have a computer that's like, oh, i'm gonna i will the first move i would do would be a throat punch And then cool i put two bullets inside because i was carrying a gun like i win infinite game So finite games and here's the thing finite games are generally the smaller games and infinite games are the bigger ones So what you want to win what you want to win at is the infinite game and by the way this For me Life is an infinite game obviously you can go anywhere But more important to me is there's degrees in between finite and infinite right that is that most games Most games have some level of rules and where those rules are You can have some games are very strict Some games are very very very loose. There's very limited rules Uh business has rules business has laws But you can actually go and you can change and you can disrupt like that's the big thing right when i disrupt the industry Yeah, it's because you were playing a finite game Making your widget and all of a sudden i realized that i could make my widget that does something radically different to yours And what yours does and all of a sudden you're out of you're out of business man. Yeah so When you can recognize that When you can recognize what the rules are And generally figure out okay those rules apply, but do i have to follow them? And um The same thing with like families like there's a wide there's a wide variety of ways people live as families right? Just take a city versus hey this family lives in a city this family lives in a farm This family lives in a van and surfs up and down the california coast. They don't have jobs. They have Whatever they sell bracelets On the seawall That's a real thing like there's families that that's what they do they surf and they sell bracelets on the seawall Right, that's a that's now the other person that's playing the game is like Making a bunch of money working at a hedge fund trying to afford a place in malibu so the family can surf He can only surf every once in a while Who won the game? Who won the game? I don't know dude. No this guy's he doesn't just surf at malibu. This other dude's in a van. He's going He's going to ren con. He's going up to santa cruz. He's coming back down to dego. He's all over the place This other dude. He's actually working most of the time. Yeah and by the way When he's getting an opportunity to surf he's kind of at malibu because that's where he invested all of his money into a house there So who won that game? Well, if you take the infinite game well Well, what was the goal? Was the goal to make money or was the goal to surf? So I think the important thing here is Yeah, there's infinite games and yes, there's Uh finite games. I think the important thing is to make sure you understand what the rules are And if possible figure out if there's a way that you can disrupt those rules overcome those rules break those rules for lack of a better work No, look if there's a legal rule that you're going to get arrested for you're going to lose the game That's not what i'm talking about But if you can figure out a way to revolutionize The way something is being done like, you know, you always hear that story about the freaking guy that figured out a better way to do the high jump Right fosbury fosbury flop. This guy changed the game. Yeah, right? He didn't he didn't he he changed He viewed the sport and figured out a way to do that That's within the rule the technical rules, but it's way outside the the physical Standards of the way the game was played totally different That's a good example So don't be limited by the rules. See if you can see I don't know what the thing is see if there's a bigger game you can play Kind of what we just talked about like oh you're a bartender or you're a Bouncer and you're the head bouncer Is there a bigger game you can play? Yeah, you can you can open your own bar? Okay? Well, that's kind of cool. Now. You're not worried about the hierarchy of the bouncers now. You're in a the next level game But then the next level game is your new franchises. Well now you got a bunch of these you see I'm saying so I'm always looking and you should always look for If that's what you want Is there a bigger game that you can play? And don't get stuck in a game that you could possibly be losing where you could just be playing a bigger game Um Yeah, if you're trying you know you try to be the best restaurant in the best cook in your restaurant Why not just open your own restaurant trying to be the best electrician so you can get promoted? And manage a crew well, why not just start your own company that being said What if you are an electrician? But you what you really want to do is focus on your family? Cool, then you stay working at a bigger company because no one call You know what you know who they call when something goes wrong and you own a business they call you It's your business. I own a lot of businesses man. The calls come in 24 7 The calls come in 24 7 I Realize that when we opened victory MMA and fitness. I was like, oh There's something wrong at the oh instructor didn't show up Show up cool. I'm on my way. You know like that's the way it's going. Yeah so That's uh the way that I think that works um With the finite I don't think so my point is I don't think it matches or contradicts Uh, what james karst said about finite and infinite and what what simon sennig he talks about it as well Simon Sennig does he talks about the finite infinite game concept? But This stuff what we're saying doesn't match or contradict is just part of it. It's just part of it Um next question This is also from levick mix How do you with intention periodically check your pro progress within the game? You're playing look you got to detach You got to take a step back. You got to track what's happening. You got to write down your goals and see where you're at In order to do that you better schedule it because time slips by and next thing you know You look up and you've been in the same game for nine years and you realize you haven't been making progress So you need to schedule those reviews periodically Once every quarter where am I at? In the military they in a military they have a position called future operations Which is someone that focuses on the future You have to put someone there because if you don't put someone focusing on the future then everyone's just focus on what's going on right now So pay attention to that Um The same thing that we have to do with our lives You have to Become you have to you have to set aside time and make yourself the reviewing officer of your Progress otherwise you'll look up in four years and you'll realize you haven't moved and you hadn't made progress Next one How do you know which games are important ones and which ones you can ignore again real quick you got up? Okay, you've got to understand what you value. This is important Because we talked about return on investment. We talked about what you need to put in we talked about what you're going to get out You actually have to be honest with yourself about What you value And you should probably write down what you value because if you value money or you value money Or you value property or you value family or you value friends or you value free time or you value surf trips to To Baja and that's what you value better write that down Because otherwise You might be playing a game where what you're getting rewarded with isn't something that you value Hey, we're gonna give you a promotion a new title. I don't give a shit Right. Mm. Hey, we're gonna give you a new freaking BMW company car. I don't care I want a BMW company car. I want to surf Or I want to do jiu-jitsu So make sure you know so if you want to know which games are important ones and which ones you should ignore You need to figure out what you value And then run the ROI and the risk to see if you're getting what you value from this game Kobe sab Next question. He says I stopped lying to myself about my past my regrets and my failures What then do I need to try to make up for lost time? Or is it just about mindset going forward? Uh Well, we all should try and make up for lost time the problem is we can't It's already gone It's already gone. Well lost time is gone. It doesn't matter So no, we're not gonna focus on that We are gonna go forward doing as much as we possibly can If you focus on the past and you focus on the lost time and you focus on the regrets You're wasting time and energy on Things that don't help you and don't move you forward So we're not doing that Good thing you stop lying yourself. Good job You know, you made some mistakes. You made some adjustments move forward. That's what we're doing Next one RU Y D raw J If games are about winning What is the best way to set metrics for winning the game and how important Would that be? The biggest problem here that we're talking about is that people don't know that there's a game being played once you recognize that there's a game being played Then yeah, you got to define What winning is going to look like Then you do that by detaching and looking at it And again going back to understanding what you actually value And once you know what you value you're going to be able to see the game And then you're going to see the game And then you're going back to understanding what you actually value And once you know what you value and once you see What winning looks like then you write down the objectives of what that winning is and then you figure out what the strategy and tactics are to achieve those objectives and victory Just like land navigation one of the earlier podcasts we did you have to know where you're going You have to know where you're going. If you don't know where you're going Then you're going to see where you're going to be and where you're going to be and where you're going to be and where you're going to be And then you got to track your progress and see where you are and then see where you are in relation to where you're trying to get to Again you have to define winning You have to set the metrics because for echo winning might be A year for me winning might be making a ton of money So we're doing two different things So you have to figure out what winning is in order to figure out that out you have to know what you value Next one Um, this is from Zach Heedly headly possible to address being taken advantage of by those who know the game better. It's a tough lesson But it happens often especially to young people Can you get taken advantage of by people who know that the game better? 100 100 percent that's why we're talking about this Because there's nothing worse than being in a game With someone that knows the game and you don't you know where they know the game better than you or you don't recognize that you're in a game So when you get no fight with someone that knows jiu-jitsu and you don't you get smashed We came home from deployment and There was you know discussions and debates about what we were doing and the types of mission we were doing and what there was one particular senior officer and I told stoner and leif I said hey do not get into a debate with this guy about our deployment And they were like why not and I was like because he'll beat you He'll beat you in a day. He'll beat me. I'm like I'm not going to debate this stuff with him. He He does what he does. He's one of those people that goes around and Would you step into the arena with someone that debates all the time? You're not going to do well It's like when you see the college kid getting a debate with ben Shapiro and he's got 74 facts that he rattles off Because he had this argument at nine other places in the past two weeks So they're getting in the ring with him. It's not you know, like they're not it doesn't end well um so That's why you have to do an honest assessment of yourself And you have to recognize that if someone is beating you in the game and you can't contend with them You better find an exit strategy to get out of that game Unless you go, okay, you know how to take some hits here, but I'm gonna learn that's okay As long as you recognize that and you don't get taken advantage of the point where you get left, you know left for dead Next one's from logan buil BUHL how often should you be assessing if you're winning the long game? How should you view the small games that seem meaningless that involve or impact the long game? Look, we should be thinking strategic all the time all the time We should be thinking about the long game all the time and we should not be playing games that don't move you towards this strategic goal Does this mean don't Don't uh ever watch a tv show because it's not helping your strategic goal Well, no if you if you need a little downtime and the tv show helps you relax cool. Go ahead. Watch your freaking show But that's not a game right that's a break and it's a strategic But it's a tactical break that's gonna actually give you you know allow you to refresh your mindset and be ready for work and blah blah blah now look if you're watching freaking uh netflix six hours a day You got issues. Yeah, we're not doing that. No So you should be thinking all the time. This is very this is a really good question. Of course, we address this question a lot Think about the games that you're playing And if you're playing games that don't help your big game your strategic game You should not be wasting time with them That's it That's it All of your games that you're playing should help your long term strategic goals And and look if you got time and you happen to love freaking backgammon And you get some satisfaction by playing backgammon and you want to go play that literal game And you do it, you know once in uh two hours on sundays with your little friends Cool, that's nothing wrong with that. That's cool. Have fun with that That's fine. I'm not talking about that I'm talking about your Doing things You're going out thursday friday saturday night going out looking for a girl going out looking for a dude Right, and that's what you're doing thursday friday. You're drinking But you're in that game You're wasting money you're hurting your health And by the way, if you think you're gonna meet the love of your life There's better ways Than in the pub No, I did happen to meet my wife So I guess there's a little except maybe you know, but we're not going to dedicate We'll be careful about this one We're gonna be careful about that one. Yeah, we're gonna be careful. Hey at a certain point the ROI, right? Okay, so this is what'll happen You do be you've been doing this thursday friday saturday night drinking spending money year Two years two years you're looking around going hold on a second here, man. Three years. You're like wait a second I haven't made any progress Then it's time to may assess what the hell you're doing so Those tactical games that you're playing they've got to support your long-term strategic goals That's it a long game. I like the idea of uh, like little like you mentioned backgammon, right where which is funny I don't know. That's a that's a total jocco example. I don't even like I don't even understand backgammon Yeah, I can this weird boat board with like a little long triangles on it, right? Yeah Yeah, they're fun But no a lot of those especially the old school a board games. They're actually good little micro like exercises for your mind So like, you know, you you subscribe to dr. Luke, right? Yeah, look on instagram on his thing. So he he he He man, he'll put out some really good stuff little tidbits, right? So one of them was this thing about balance Or he's like, yeah, just work on your balance and they think he's like on a curb or something I don't know. I forget what he was doing, but he was like just talking about balance physical your physical Balance proprioception just so he's like, yeah, if you improve that that decreases all cause mortality Oh, just maintaining, you know that that and it has a lot to do with like, you know, your your neurotransmitters and your neurons and stuff Like that in your brain. I don't know above my whole thing But nonetheless explains it real simple and it's like man if you think about especially those old school games Like that's kind of what they do if you if that's your downtime like batgammon. It's like, wow, that's kind of a solid one Running numbers in your head. There's strategy. There's bath. There's like all these little things that give your brain this good Actually, this good essentially exercise for your brain Again, all those things all those things are important Uh, you know learning new things they say that's really important, you know, just for keeping your mind fresh Yeah, um, no if if you're Me if you're stressed out and you need to know, you know, the current champ of batgammon You know and you're following his life and maybe that could go into toxic, you know The toxic zone for sure As far as bro, if there's someone that's wrecked their life playing backgammon, I want to meet them If there's someone that went too hard in backgammon, yeah, so I think I think like in a way It's kind of it's a lot like surfing is you know when you take a break from the grind You know stuff that you need a break from and then you go like do something like surfing where it's obvious Oh, well surfing is conducive to your life. It's not like sitting on the couch watching reality It's healthier working on your balance. Exactly right But playing games searching games are the same exact thing just more for your brain What about video games? Well, it depends on what video game That's what they say you go deep you can go deep looking into that Then you'll see if you'll find all kinds of benefits with certain kinds of games What kind of games are good for you video games? I don't know. I didn't go that deep, but everyone's no You'll see little articles on like how I get it all That was the least step ever That's true, but no, you know, you can like find articles or whatever That we'll say oh benefits of playing video games Then it'll have like, you know hand-eye this and that and then you know, then you find out. Yes. It's certain kinds of games And then you have all these secondary Uh Benefits as well like, you know, especially the like the shooter games that you're connected to your friends or whatever and other Like, you know towns or whatever or the internet you ever play that stuff? No Yeah, I guess there's little secondary benefits of that social Yeah, yeah, yeah like yeah, that was weird during co vid when kids were like The parents were we're saying hey, don't play video games all day and they're like, but this is the only way I have friends, right? Yeah, that was the thing. Yeah, we I don't have video game like console at my house So that wasn't happening at my house. Yeah, because I don't have that stuff But I saw other parents were saying that to their their kids were like they were talking to me about it like Well, they feel bad with your kids not with your kids playing video games I think my kids don't play video games. Yeah, because we don't have the thing. Yeah Yeah, but and not to say that's ideal. I'm you know, not necessarily No, maybe it was bad. Maybe I should have given them more social connection, but you know, come on Well, yeah, I don't think you can send again. I don't know brown. I'm not a psychologist You know this about me that where I would but I do think that Social connection is going to be most optimized person to person. I would think that's why that's through a screen That's why that's you just was good. I think that's one of the many many many benefits of it. Yes. It's weird, man Jiu-Jitsu is connected. Yeah, good time. Like it's you're like Connected you ever in your difference. So I don't know but you're smashing someone like and they're smashing you Yeah, it's it's a it's a radical thing. So, you know when you meet someone and like you shake their hand or whatever And then let's say you're just standing somewhere. It's like you don't know I'm that good So you're kind of trying to keep your boundaries, you know the bubble, you know the physical in the bubble, right? You're what do you call it personal personal space? Yeah, I know But you know when you meet someone new you want to respect personal space a little bit you're more sensitive to that I guess, you know Bro, when you roll with the guy in jiu-jitsu like it kind of just diss it's like they don't even you don't even have a bubble anymore You don't have personal space. Yeah, even like when you're not rolling It's funny. So like like you or like the guys who I always roll with you Greg noah like these guys like I remember one time I was talking to noah and I was like, bro. I'm really close to noah right now It's almost like I could engage it because I'm so used to rolling with them, you know So like the personal space is like completely gone And I think it's in a good way, but I guess that could depend on who you are check All right, so yes long game all the time Caleb smith 547. How do I how how do how do you know? How do I know when it's time to quit the game? What are the symptoms of a game played that will ultimately lead to the invent inevitable loss of time money? Uh, go it goes back to what we were talking about ROI. Be honest honest assessments. This is the sunk cost fallacy, right? This is exactly what you brought up earlier um Okay, so Again, some of these questions are a little bit repetitive, but I want to add some items to them This one here if you want to know when it's time to quit the game and what are the symptoms It can be good in some scenarios to set up triggers For action And this is the example of this is like, you know when guys are climbing a mountain like Mount Everest or whatever? And they say hey if we haven't gotten to this point by 10 o'clock in the morning, we're turning around and going back There's no we're not debating it. There's no there's no emotion around it 10 o'clock if we're not here We're turning around we're going back down You can do that with The game that you're going to get involved in You can hey, I'm going to only spend this amount of money. I'm only going to spend this amount of time I'm going to at least if I'm not making this kind of return on investment like hey, I'm going to start driving You know Uber at night And I think that way I can get some more money, you know for for my down payment on my house Well, then you realize that your ROI Driving around your uber is not as much as you thought it was going to be. Hey, I'm not even meeting the minimums. This isn't working. I'm not going to do it So So figure out what the minimum required return is figure out how much time you're going to invest and put a cap on that figure How much money you're going to invest and put a cap on that and then you and then you have the actions in places you're going to take So when that happens that event gets triggered. Hey, I'm going to you know invest in Trying to start up this little company If I haven't you know, if I don't have 20 clients by the first three months Obviously, there's not a market for it and I'm going to stop. Okay, cool And then you stick with look if you get to 19 you're like, well, I'm close. Okay, cool You know, you can you can make a little adjustment But if you're at 13 that's been three months and you thought you're gonna have 20 Then you've made a bunch of adjustments trying to figure out the market and you're not there. Okay. You need to walk away so That would be The thing to set up so that you recognize the symptoms prior to because otherwise If you don't have triggers in place That's how you end up at the top of ever so you're out of oxygen and it's freaking dark And you're gonna die That's how you end up without any money left in your bank account and you don't have a successful business and now you got to sell your house This is how it happens. You don't put triggers in place And it causes problems And you're like, oh, I'm gonna go to the next one Next one Chedida Chedidia Or maybe it's Chad Idia What direction you go if you realize the games you are playing are unwinnable But you don't have the ability to leave and if you did you don't know the game to take on next Asking for a friend Listen When we get into a game that's unwinnable We don't have the ability to leave. Okay, we'll figure out the next strategy Right, you can figure out, okay, this job. I've been here forever. They pay me good money, but it's absolutely awful I'm never getting promoted and I don't want to do it anymore. Okay You can't leave tomorrow. You can't leave next week. You can't leave in a month But you can over time a year two years three years figure out an exit strategy And Make a move we're not doing brash moves, right? We're not making emotional decisions. We're gonna take our time How to get out of this game and then also take our time figure out what game to play next To do a class on Knitting And you're like, dude, this is awesome. I love the way this feels to make the scarf and like I want to do sweaters And okay, we'll go do some more of that. Maybe you're gonna end up selling sweaters on Etsy Cool Or you take a knitting class you're like, this is monotonous and I hate it. Okay, cool Well, let's take some time to figure out the new game Little iterative decisions and also multiple reconnaissance probes There's so many opportunities out there in the world There's so many of them and not all of them are good opportunities, by the way Some of them might seem cool, but they're a lot harder than they look like Some of them are Harder than they look like but they're not that bad and you can make some good money and you can be gratified by doing it So do multiple reconnaissance like oh you like knitting cool try a little bit of knitting You also like making candles cool make some candles. You also like pouring concrete. Okay. Well, let's see what's going on with that Maybe on the weekends you start pouring a little concrete doing some little projects for people for real cheap and you realize you're good at it Maybe realize you suck at it, which is also possible So do reconnaissance of multiple opportunities that are out there Then you make your decision And then you have that extra strategy to execute Next one is from renais christine Maybe you can talk about the thought process you go through in order to turn something hard into a game Well, yeah when I'm doing something really hard, I'm gonna find some little achievable goals Little achievable goals that lean towards a strategic victory Maybe set up some rewards for me for my team And then execute on those little things I think That That mindset of like I'm literally gonna have fun with this thing that sucks goes a long way. Yeah. Oh, yeah So I don't have that's my process like oh, yeah, this sucks You know another thing is this sucks and I'm never gonna let it be know that I think it sucks I'm doing something horrible But I'm never gonna tell anybody and I'm actually gonna make them think I love it They're gonna think I'm crazy. I kind of have fun with that. That's fun for me. I just turned it into a game That's such a good game. It's a good game So, um So when I swim in the pool my kids and nowadays it's kind of colder than normal Okay, look cold that means a lot of different things for different people. I understand and I am from koi So I understand that going into the store for you. It's like under 70 So I would say it's about 55 degrees. Okay. That's cold. Yeah, that's legit cold So I jump in my daughter can stand cold like she don't care. Yeah cold does not bother her Here's the thing my son. He don't like that. He doesn't like cold So We'll jump in and I'll jump in first and she'll be like is it go. I'll be like, oh, it's so warm. Meanwhile. I'm like, bro This is cool And I'm like, oh, it's so warm. It's almost too warm, you know, like that kind right and they're like all believe in the more convincing I can be meanwhile. I'm trying not to shiver, you know And it's like it it almost like physically feels warmer I'm saying like it's like the game kind of filters in the the bad stimulus turns it into like a different stimulus Bro, that's a good one. They're there to act like oh, this isn't even a fat one. Like what I didn't even notice I didn't even notice how cold it was. Buds, they would say false motivation is better than no motivation It's kind of true, right? There's a girl a lady named Jane McGonigal. She talks about gamification It's an actual process where you take hard stuff You turn them into little games and you get through them like, you know, you you thrive Whatever and she did it because she had an illness. I forget the illness And she was like, hey, I'm gonna turn this whole thing. This is my whole recovery process, which was super arduous process I'm gonna turn this recovery process into a series of games and that's how she started on the path of like understanding gamification But um, there's an actual process to it and it's like apparently it's super super effective Let's do one more And then we're we'll go and do another one. Um, because I got a bunch more of these things to cover But let's do one more. This is kind of a little bit of a chunky one This is from Santos Carlos the third When solid honorable hardworking men refuse to play the game because quote there shouldn't be a game How to navigate the dichotomy and dogma around progression as tenure Versus progression through experience. This is a little bit tricky of uh, of a question to understand But I'm gonna do my best with it and there's he says context Some of the most knowledgeable talented and experienced people I've worked with Were both years and decades younger in tenure However, they spent so much time consistently exposing themselves to challenging problems They progressed well beyond the 99 percentile anyone their age So that's the that's the dogma around progression is tenure versus progression through experience So it's time versus That's really about effort because experience is sort of wrapped around time. So let's answer that Uh people that engage and train and practice and challenge themselves will get better than people that don't The And so there's a dogma. He's like The dogma around that And I think what he's trying to ask is like the negative What the negative impression of people that Work really hard don't have much time, but they're excelling. That's what I'm getting from this question. I hope I've I hope I've got it Uh The reason that that sometimes hurts people that are like let's say echo checked on board He hasn't been here for very long, but he's really kind of kicking ass And yet I kind of hold it against him. Why is that? There's a decent chance That echo echo has the He's exposing himself. He's training hard. He's putting himself in challenging positions So he's learning a lot and he's doing really well, but echo doesn't have the maturity and tact to remain humble So you end up creating an antagonistic relationship with me because I'm looking at you like oh, he's just one of these people that's trying so hard and I'm gonna look for every little opportunity to hurt your progress So If you want to overcome the way that works Or you want to help someone, you know, you get some new guy on your team that checks in that is really doing a good job But it's rubbing people the wrong way Just talk to him about staying humble and it's talking about the important of building good relationships And that will be helpful so I hope that answers the first question again. These are a little bit uh A little bit I didn't quite fully understand them The the second question is an observation more than a question But it's interesting how many miss the opportunity of chasing forward looking asymmetrical opportunities opportunities with limited risk But potential huge upsides and a relative solid likelihood of success. Why is that? So why do people miss opportunities That have low risk And I think there's a couple reasons number one is failure to recognize like they just don't see them And because they don't detach and so that opportunities right in front of them. They don't see it You know, that's the old experiment where the freaking Gorilla goes walking through the people that are throwing the basketball and like no one sees it Because they're in they're watching the counting the numbers and they don't see this obvious thing So there's a failure to recognize because people don't detach enough And they don't top of that sometimes they see the opportunity, but they don't want even a limited risk They don't want to take even a small risk with a big reward. They don't want to take it. We see that all the time humans don't like Humans tend to not want to take action and humans tend not to want to take risk I is not all humans Let me let me rephrase that there are many humans that don't like to take action and there are many humans that don't like to take risk And so when they're presented an opportunity, but they're gonna have to do something a little bit different and they're gonna have to take risk They're just like I almost keep doing what I'm doing So I think that is why that happens So there you go Santos. I hope I was able to kind of Get those for you and uh with that to game for this time I guess we're gonna have to do one more podcast about the game the game the games Here we are in the meantime If you want to play the health game the fitness game the being better game the stronger faster better game Better get the jockel fuel game The jockel fuel.com we got moke Which is we got ready to drink moke right now, which is fire different level different fire fire slaps Big oh it slaps big time. You like you you open your fridge. Maybe you could you know have a piece of steak Maybe you could have some uh mozzarella Sure, hell. Yeah mozzarella mozzarella with the virgin olive oil on it. Oh what those little things Yeah, yeah, put a little basil on it. Yeah, that's the kind of thing Sarah made those the other day like two days in a row. Yeah, those are good, but there's a I'm look I'm gonna put myself on report for being lazy. Yes, sir But there's like, you know, you're cutting basil leafs whatever You're getting the oil out. You're making a plate. Oh that moke is just sitting there ready Yeah, 30 grams of protein ready to go down the hatch. Tasty tastes better than mozzarella Yeah, I mean this is a given. So we got the ready drink moke. We got the powder moke. We got joint warfare super krill Um cold war got it all and we got the energy drinks. Yeah, we got the energy drinks So But these aren't the normal energy drinks that make you sick and make you diabetic and are poison. No, these are not those In the store are these in the health Department bro, this is a good point the you when you go into a store when you go to vitamin shop Well vitamin shop, they're there and pretty easy to find but when you go into like a military commissary you go into hanniford You go into h e b or murphys or or myer In some of these stores, they're in like the health and wellness section. They're not in the energy drink section So just be advised. Yeah, that's kind of interesting, right? What's that? I mean the conundrum, right? Uh from a store standpoint or from a what do you call customer? Well from a customer say well from a store standpoint, they're like, oh Well, this energy drink will put over in the energy drinks section because it's it's all these are the same, right? But we also have a health and wellness things that make you better. Yeah, and we know where this belongs Yeah, it's so they're kind of right. They're right either way. They're right It'd be nice if they could give the consumer the visibility On like, oh, I have a healthy option that I can go to here. Yeah Well, I guess it kind of depends right? Well, ideally both but you know, then logistically, right? I'm kind of kind of but Yes, look if I go in I don't know. I don't know about the goes yet. I go in. I just want an energy drink You know, I want the sugar free. I'm just gonna go, you know, I go and then I see the new go sugar free all the good stuff It's good for you. It's like brah. I'm choosing now and all day all day energy drink But at the same time if I'm like brah, I'm I'm not down for energy drinks I'm down for the healthy one healthy stuff the kombucha Or whatever. I don't know what the hell Other healthy things but anyway, and then they're gonna see that boom. They're gonna grab that one as well See what I'm saying? So they got to be there So yeah, the hard thing is is like you get into this business That's all that shelf space is like accounted for it means something It's like every little slot that they have in any of these stores has value. There's a value at slot So they're like, hey look, uh We can't put you in both the way you want the whole so you want this to be what why don't we put it in the meat section too? You know Yeah, it's yeah, it's so it should be the produce section. Yeah kind of So I'm looking for orange juice, right? But the stuff, uh, what we got the freshly squeezed. That's what I'm looking for if you go in the juice section The ones with the paul I don't my wife does I don't But you go in the juice section. There's three juice sections by the way in the supermarket. Huh? Yeah, you don't know that because you don't Want to smell but so you go in the juice section with a grit? Like in the refrigerator ish section. So there's your what do you call? I forget the brands offhand, but welches. There's some welches in there. Tropicana. Tropicana. Yes. Simply orange Simply grapefruit all these juices, right? There's that section. It's the refrigerator Or you can go to the cranberry juice the cran grape the cram crann apple The lemon juice that's in a hole. That's in the aisle. It's a different section And then if you want the freshly squeezed Oh, you're open like the organic area. Yeah, like night. It's like in the fruit and vegetable section kind of it's weird, right? So it's like it's kind of one of those things you kind of got to know what you're there for and know who you're providing for at the same time And we got to do a better job of letting you know to take a look around maybe ask the Clurr the stock person ask somebody you know say hey Where's this? Where's the where's the go at? Where's the jockel fuel at? So there you go. You can get it at jockel fuel.com. You get a wow. You can get all these places You know, you can get it go get it make yourself better originusa.com Geese boots jeans rash guards All made in america Not made by slaves. Yeah, there's actual slavery in the world right now Yeah, it's happening literally so literally so Pete our boy Pete was on andy forcella Real af the podcast really good like and he uh, that was a good podcast, but Um, he's he put it a really good way. I don't think I've ever heard this before He was like, hey, yeah, you know like america. Yeah, we ended slavery But slavery didn't end we just we just shipped it offshore. Yeah, zoom saying so like we're letting the out of country slaves Do the a lot of the work now. I'm like, dang when you think about it, brother. It's true. Oh, it's 100% true It's 100% true Uh, we don't want that. Yeah We don't want that originusa.com and slavery That's what we're doing Get on board jeans boots Hunt gear the hunt gear. Let's face it You can't not wear that every time I see your dumbass. Yeah, we're just wearing it Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's what we're doing. Uh, the hunt gear. So check that out also Apparently I have a store. It's called jacos store. Yeah Uh, yeah. Yeah, that's when you want to represent this whole pat the source. That's what it's called now the source Um, yeah, discipline equals freedom, you know good all these things they represent certain mindset I guess you could say I don't know check it out jacos store That's where you can get some so we have a short locker as well Subscription service different designs a little bit funner from time to time sometimes are darker But it's a new design every month Little bit more emotional one direction or the other apparently Yeah from time. Yeah, we switch it up for sure. Do you feel good when you nail it? Sure. Yeah, and you get the good feedback. Yeah, even for me when I go, yep Yep, that's a good one. The answer is yes. I do like that a lot. Sure. Sure I'm a jacos store.com. Don't forget to subscribe to the podcast. Don't forget about jacohunderground.com There's a there's a censorship. There's control of the platforms. There's drama out there. We're not in the drama Look, we're doing our job, but if somebody wants to Ban us they could do it tomorrow. We don't control their platforms But we control ours jacohunderground.com if you want to go check that out You can listen to this podcast some other podcasts that we do on there It costs eight dollars and 18 cents a month if you can't afford it. It's okay We still want you in the game Email assistance at jacohunderground.com. We got a youtube channel origin USA has a youtube channel We've got psychological warfare flip side canvas got a bunch of books. You know what they are ash along front It's our leadership consultancy and don't forget that we have online training We have online leadership training online life training extreme ownership academy take ownership of your life Go to extreme ownership.com. I'm on there Monday's doing live q&a. You want to ask me a question about your business about your life about jiu jitsu about your your boss about your employee about your Husband your wife come and ask me extreme ownership.com There you go There's a bunch of courses to take as well and also if you want to help service members active and retired You want to help their families gold star families check out mark lee's mom mama lee. She's got a charity organization Which is awesome If you want to donate or you want to get involved go to america's mighty warriors org and don't forget about another org heroes and horses Micah fink up there and where is he right now? Oh, he's he's horseback in the mountains in the wilderness With some veterans helping find their souls So good of heroes and horses.org if you want to help that out. We're on the interwebs Echoes at echo Charles He's back on twitter after he freaking made a rookie mistake. It was a hard time for everybody. Yeah Rookie mistake. Yeah for a computer guy. Yeah brutal. It can happen to anybody. I guess even the strongest have their moments of fatigue And you just got mentally distracted It's a metaphor But that's what happened. That was fatigue. You were tired. That was legit Hey, man, what the best of us get caught slid you out with that Would you ever rather admit being tired or dumb? I don't know All right, well echo Charles is back on twitter. He feels Like maybe he's lost some of his uh clout in the social media world because he has 19 followers now I'm at jockewell like hey, listen when you go on there just watch out for the algorithm That's not a game. That's gonna help you. That's not a game. That's gonna help you the algorithm game is gonna win Don't let it and uh, thanks to all the military members out there worldwide protecting our way of life Thank you for your continued service and thanks also to our police and law enforcement firefighters paramedics EMTs dispatchers correctional officers border patrol secret service all first responders Thank you for protecting us here at home and to everyone else out there. Remember, there's a lot of games being played You are playing them So pick the right games to focus on Don't waste time on games that don't matter And when it comes to the games that do matter Play to win Until next time the zekko and jockewell out