 This is Jockel Podcast number 248, with echo Charles and me, Jockel Willing. Good evening, Echo. Good evening. As the summer of 1970 evolved, the deadly secret war and loused raged into its sixth year. The communist NVA and its secret advisors from Russia, China and Cuba, continued supplying growing numbers of light and heavy weapons, stated the art anti-aircraft artillery, missiles and vehicles. The communist campaign against Saga Reconyssans teams resulted in the green berets exceeding a 100% casualty rate, meaning of the special forces soldiers who went across the fence into Lousen Cambodia, all were either killed in action, wounded more than once in combat with enemy forces, or they simply disappeared. As of July 4th, 2017, there are 50 green berets listed as missing an action in Lousen alone from the secret war, along with 105 aviators who died supporting Saga missions. Saga hatchet force operations of platoon or company-sized missions didn't fare much better. In an effort to bring a temporary halt to shipping supplies flowing down the Ho Chi-Mintrail, three separate hatchet force slam operations were conducted in Lousen west of South Vietnam between March 1969 and February 1970. The area of operations was codenamed Prairie Fire. Again, due to the severe political constraints placed on Saga operations, the Prairie Fire area of operations extended west of South Vietnam about 30 miles. No Saga teams went beyond that area of operations. The three slam operations were titled Nightcap, Spin Down, and Halfback. Each of those operations had a hatchet force company helicopter to a hilltop on the main segment of the Ho Chi-Mintrail. The trips would dig in, set up ambushes, and target NBA trucking. After the lead trucks were hit, there would be a traffic backup along the jungle trail. Oftentimes large portions of the Ho Chi-Mintrail were not visible from air due to clever camouflage efforts by the NBA and their constricted forced labor of local indigenous tribe people. Thus, when the first trucks were hit, hatchet force radio operators would call in tactical air support to destroy as many enemy trucks and soldiers as possible. Eventually, after a few days, the NBA masked hundreds of soldiers to hammer the hatchet force positions, inflicting serious casualties upon the entrenched troops, forcing their extraction from the area of operations. During the last mission, Operation Halfback, an aged 34 South Vietnamese Air Force helicopter from the 219th Special Operation Squadron was shot down, killing all passengers aboard the old warbird, including Special Forces Medic, Sergeant 1st Class Bill Doyle. Those operations were viewed as successes due to the amount of enemy trucks, supplies, and troops destroyed during the intense battles. The three slam operations were launched from the top secret sag base in Con-Tune, command and control central. The last slam operation was run by B company in hatchet force command. By the end of August 1970, Greenbrake Captain Jean Maccarli became the commander of B company. Maccarli was a sag veteran, having run missions during the last few months of 1967 and into 1968 when he was assigned to RT Florida out of Con-Tune in 1968. RT Florida ran a series of successful missions, including a trail watch, wire taps of NBA phone lines, and planning Air Force sensors alongside a trail. At the end of August, Maccarli heard through the grapevine that a major hatchet force operation was coming through the chain of command and he volunteered B company for it. Assuming it might be another slam operation, Maccarli researched and the after-actions reports from the previous missions. He talked to team members in camp about those operations, their successes, their shortcomings. In the first days of September 1970, the operations order came down and was assigned to B company under the command of Maccarli. It was dubbed Operation Tailwind. And much to Maccarli's surprise, Operation Tailwind was targeted for the deepest insertion into Laos ever by a sag team. 25 to 30 miles beyond the normal area of operations. The operation was designed to take pressure off a CIA operation further southwest bordering Cambodia. Because the unique nature of this mission, Maccarli drew upon his years of operational experience in Laos for a daring new tactic. Instead of remaining in a static position like the earlier slam missions, once the full element B company, 15 green berets and 120 highly trained Montengarde tribesmen were all in the ground in the deepest penetration of enemy territory during the Secret War, he would move day and night, supported by air assets from the Air Force Army and Marine Corps. It would be an epic mission. In hindsight, 47 years later, although no one said so at the time, most agreed it was a suicide mission. And that right there is from the prologue of a book called Saga Chronicles Volume 1 written by John Stryker Meyer, otherwise known by his Nickname and Code name and call sign, tilt and it is once again an honor to have. Tilt here with us as he has been here before for podcasts 180, 180, 180, 180, 180, 180, 180, 186, 247 and now 248. If you haven't listened to those yet, go listen to them to understand what Saga was and what heroes these men were including this man, my hero, John Stryker Meyer, tilt, thanks for coming back on. Good evening sir, good evening. Welcome. Thanks for coming back. It's my honor. So this is just a story that you and I had talked about some of the different stories that we've covered and you know, you've kind of, I guess you kind of somehow ended up being a little bit of the the Saga historian, capturing a bunch of these stories from different operations even when you weren't there, but interviewing guys, talk to them, gathering all this information and then capturing and putting these books. But it has the I mean, since you were in Saga and you operated in these areas of operations that these guys were in, the way you were able to tell the story is is powerful. Well, thank you. But this book here is the first one that doesn't have my stories and that's why I like because that's why goal is going to be for saw Chronicles is my little hubble company and we're going to write these stories until we die because there's so many that have never been told. And this mission, Operation TL when it was a classic, I'd heard little tidbits about it over the years, but until and we'll get into details later, how with 98, there's some facts that came out twisted on that due to the communist news network. But, factually, this is just an amazing mission. And so many levels. And it was a classic example of a saw operation with men on the ground, doing the mission, got it accomplished. And they worked with Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps Air Assets. I think for fast moves to gunships, and Jean McCarlay was just an outstanding soldier, a soldier soldier. And he started out as a listed, became an officer. So he never lost that grounding, but just one hell of a commander in here, he just, that was his concept. And they ran with it, and we get into this story, just amazing stuff. Yeah, the air superiority that we had was really powerful. But you have to remember that it wasn't totally our superiority. It wasn't like, look, we have air superiority in Iraq and Afghanistan. We very rarely will lose an aircraft then, usually it's because there's some kind of an accident or a crash or something like that. But even though it's pretty easy to say, oh, yeah, we had full air superiority in Vietnam. We had a certain level of confidence. But at the same time, we didn't have totally our superiority, because there was still aircraft getting shot down by either migs or getting shot down by surface to air missiles. Yeah, because you had two separate air wars. You had the air war over North Vietnam. That's the Air Force in the Navy, just pounded away, losing hundreds of men. And it had the whole POW, where there were many where we turned, I forget the exact never. And they came back in February of 73 through April 73. They came back. So that is more of a traditional yet as maigs that were trained by the Russians, etc. And some even said to Russians flu. I don't know. We were more concerned with down south in the Prairie Fire AO in Cambodia. Over time, as the war progressed, particularly after Lyndon Johnson had the bombing hall in 78, man, the anti aircraft stuff, the 12.7 to 23 millimeter, 37 mic mic and heavier stuff. And one of the stories later here is one of our medics. He members flying out and will have some cup of that stupid history later. But in a way out to his act act in the air. Just like World War II. When you see 12 o'clock high and all of it, you see all the act act that shot down all of our airplanes and World War II. There it was, courtesy of the Russians. And they were shooting at our hillock hopters. And so the dock page was like, oh my god, this is like watching a World War II movie, but it's right here. And so that is our world. And this is the World War II movie, except I think I might get killed. And in World War II, they didn't have any helicopters that we know about. And so that is the aspect where, like in your introduction, we talked about the MIAs today, missing an action, the Americans that were shot down supporting sod. That's everything from fast movers down to the smallest hillock hopters, the loach. And of course you're meeting me here for us like with this story we talked about on Tuesday with the limb black. On the visual reconnaissance, it's just a little dinky observation aircraft. The copolysis head blown off Lily and his head and helmet lands on the lens lap. So those are the casualties that went into our war. That's our side of the air war. So we dominated the air, but that air was full of anti-aircraft weaponry deadly. Yeah. Absolutely. Well, I guess we should get into this this story because this this tailwind is is just kind of crazy. No, they saw another day. It's all right. So here we go. Going to the book, Sog Chronicles, Volume 1. And for everyone that's hopeful out there, there's going to be Volume 2, 3, 4, 5. The Lord will. I know there's more stories than you got time to write. I mean it's good. There's so many stories. Every one of these operations is its own book. Oh yeah. You know, every time I read one of your books and I read one operation, I think there's a whole story, a whole book, a three or four hundred page book about every single operation. If you start going into the granular detail in the backstory, it's it's crazy. So get to work. To keep writing. Yes, sir. All right. Here we go. Routinely under protocols established in an early Sog Secret War. Most laosian Sog operators were limited to 20 kilometers west of Vietnam's borders. Operation tailwind was book to go approximately 40 kilometers further west beyond that limitation. To go that deep and allows required formal approval from the laosian ambassador and from the US Commander of all forces in Vietnam, General Creighton at Abrams. McCarty, the B company commanding officer at the Top Secret Sog compound in Cone Tomb. Might say that right Cone Tomb? Cone Tomb. Commanding Control Central got the word from S3 on September 4th, 1970. And he says, I remember getting called by S3 and they told me that we had a special mission. A mission that was deep into laos, a mission deeper and allows than ever before. And a mission bigger than any before in the prayer refire a.o. Said McCarty. They told me to go heavy on ammo and demo. I knew that such a mission would take special clearance up to the ambassador who is no friend of Sog and from Abrams, that's General Abrams, who is no big fan of special forces. In short order, he learned that all of the approvals had been received and signed off. So this is a massive mission. Bigger than any mission, deeper and allows than ever before. And that means you got to get approval from the ambassador. And generally, if you don't know this, ambassadors usually aren't fond of military actions inside their, inside their arena, that's the right that they want. And that one ambassador just made life so difficult for Sog from every day that we're open there. Yeah, I mean, ambassadors, if you think about it, just from a philosophical level, you know, they want to solve things through diplomacy. And, and so generally, they have a little bit of a of a friction with the military elements, generally, not always. And then you have Abrams, who's not a fan of special forces, which I believe we've done a good job of moving this in a better direction, but there certainly has been tension from time to time between conventional forces and special forces and special operations, guys, generally because special operations, guys, well, they don't follow the same rules all the time that the conventional guys follow. And they might have a little bit of an attitude and that can rub them the wrong way. And a little bit. So, you know, you got a guy like General Abrams, it doesn't like special forces, except when he needs them, except when he needs them, well, there you go. And he needed them here. So, continuing on later that day, S3 provided more specific details, go heavy, create havoc for the NVA and keep them busy as long as possible. Maccarly, a former team leader of Sog Recon team Florida, where he ran seven successful missions transferred to the hatchet force where Green Braves ran platoon and company sized operations across the fence in Lousen, Cambodia. So, just so everyone gets a grip on this, these hatchet forces. Now you have instead of having 12 guys on the ground, or six, or six guys on the ground, like you would with one of your recon teams. Now you're talking about a group of special forces, guys, maybe 10, 12, 15 special forces, American special forces, guys, and then 120 or 150, in-ditch force. So, in this case, there are mountain yards, and that means you can conduct these bigger operations. And that's really the fundamental mission of special forces. Of the Green Braves is to work with in-ditch forces, train up these guerrilla forces so that they can become a strong fighting unit. The Seals have a different primary mission. The Seals primary mission was always generally considered to be special, direct action and special reconnaissance. Find the enemy, kill. Yep, that's the Seals, and the special forces was more, hey, find the enemy and then train some of the local populists to go kill them. That's the goal. And it's more of a long-term solution. You know, you'll hear the Green Braves say it's teach him how to fish instead of just giving him a fish. Seal teams, we just kill the first general. Now, we both cross over. And we both do each one, you know, we do their operations when I was in Ramadi, that's what we did. We trained a bunch of in-ditch forces, a bunch of Iraqi soldiers. And, you know, of course, there were special forces units that were doing all kinds of direct action missions there as well. So, we do cross over. But if you look at the kind of bread and butter, this is just bread and butter, Green Brave operation, a massive in-ditch force going into to do to harass the enemy. Oh, yeah. This is what it, this is what it is. Take the pressure off of the CIA, you know, to a witness, as kicked. Explain that background a little bit about what's going on with the CIA there. Well, at that time, Premier Sionok had been asked it. And this is 1970, I forget these act a month, but like Mayor June, right around there. And so he leaves country. There's a political vacuum. And so the communist, one ahead south in mass, because many troops in Cambodia just to take it. Because the NVA knew there was a Camille Rouge element that was on a sideline and growing in strength in Cambodia. So, the CIA put this operation together, which was further, deeper into the last near-to-border. And the NVA came at them hard. Now, they had 5,000 CIA troops in their getting their ass kicked. And they said help. So, they came up with this concept, have the team go in, and then Gene McCalley put his little unique spin to it. And after talking, because by 1970, particularly out of costume, those hatchet forces were good. They really knew how to work with the Air Assets and it's which includes Spectre Knight. And so Gene knew all about that stuff. And so he put that idea together and it worked in terms of drawing the way NVA from the CIA, which in the end, mission accomplished. Not only did they draw them away, the CIA could hold, but they also had some major enemy cashiers in the command post. And that's why my favorite picture on a front page, there's a picture of our guys from Contune, Stanner with a picture of Ho Chi Minh, which was taken from one of the tables in the command center there, it was the NVA command center. When I was going through what they call seal, was called seal tactical training before that was called seal basic in dock. And then it became seal qualification training. It's like, what you do when you get done with the basic training, we did a raid on a target. And this is up in Fort Lewis, Washington. Then so we do a raid on a target and they're flying a flag on this little compound, right? And they're flying this flag and sure enough the the officer in charge of our class, which was now the the Platoon commander of our Platoon going to do this hit. He sees that flag, walks over to it, undoes the figure eight, starts pulling it down and sure enough the instructors have booby trapped that thing in a blow's up. You're a casualty. So when I said that picture on the cover, I always think, man, I was always scared to touch anything that looked good. Absolutely. Yeah, if the first day of a low school, maybe it's too good. Yeah, but you know, those, a lot of guys, a lot of guys from the war and Iraq, a lot of guys went home with with paintings of Saddam Hussein because those things were pretty easy to find. They were everywhere. Yes indeed. Yeah. All right, going back to the book with the hatchet force or the hatch force, we were used to going across the fence and getting our ass kicked and then getting saved by tack air. On operation half back and louser earlier in the year, we lost two South Vietnamese Air Force H34s, which included SF Medic Bill Boyle who died in one of those choppers. We got hit hard because we were dug in and the NVA pounded our position. With operation tail would tailwind once on the ground, we were going to keep moving day and night to keep the NVA off balance and keep them from massing a large force against our position. It's it's fundamental. What we're talking about is maneuver warfare, right? Instead of saying hey, we'll do a Trishon warfare. We'll sit on this this mountain top and you attack us. Hey, we're going to move around and you know, won't know where we are. But that's tricky too. Moving 150 guys around in the J. In the jungle indeed. In the J. As they say. Although no one said to at the time, at least not outright, the mission that Maccarlie and the CCC hatchet force were gearing up for to execute could be called a suicide mission. As Maccarlie briefed the B company, platoon leaders, squad leaders, medic Gary Mike Rose and company first surgeon Morris Adair in the CCC compound operation orders were going out to critical support elements that would play crucial roles in operation tailwind. First, there was a the long distance to the target in Louss because it was so far away, neither the older piston driven H34 secorceky helicopters of the South Vietnamese armies or South Vietnamese Air Force 219 special operation squadron nor regular army hewis slicks could be used to insert and extract the 136 man detachment. So you got just to straight up fuel limitation. Absolutely. These aircraft they're not going to be able to fly that deep into Louss. So what does that mean? Back to the book. Thus, Sog Brass turned to the Marine Corps aviation wing that flew the largest troop carriers in Vietnam. The powerful CH53D secorceky twin-engine helicopters in an HMH 463 based at the Cores Marble Mountain Air Facility. Using the bigger stronger heavier lift helicopters made sense because three sea stallions with the with the design capacity hold 55 troops could take the entire hatchet force of 136 men all their equipment and extra supplies such as explosives and an ammunition and insert them into the target area. So there you go. The CH53 helicopter is a massive freaking helicopter. Oh yeah. It holds 50 something troops with all their gear and all their rounds for their weapons. Yeah, that's a that's an awesome aircraft and those were the only two engines in this before they came out of the three-engine model like you used. Oh, see I got that. I got it easy. In previous years Marine Corps Aviators from HMH 463 had performed fearlessly and key saw operations across the fence and Marine Brass knew that flying combat troops and supplies into Louss always resulted in the helicopters getting hit by enemy fire. In the first day said Maccarli it was funny. The Marine Brass were a little reluctant to go that deep and allows because they knew the sog missions presented extra challenges and dangers to Marine Air crews. But once they heard about the unique aspects of operations to Operation Tailwind, they wanted in. Marine Sergeant Larry Gro, my saying that right, Gro was a door gunner and structural mechanic, structural mechanic in HMH 463 when the operations order came into the command shed and denang. The most dangerous and he says the most dangerous and most interesting missions we flew were missions 72 and that was sog support. We called it going over the fence. For me personally this is why joined the Marine Corps to run special missions against the enemy. I was looking for adventure and wanted to be where the action was. The Marine Aviators were told to prepare for a mission 72 insertion deep into Louss. Gro replaced the 50 caliber machine gun with the M60 because it gave him more maneuverability and if we got shot down he said and quote if we got shot down I could carry it and take the flight to the enemy. The 50 was too heavy to carry. Is that a great Marine O'Wild? Yeah. So just so everyone understands what we're talking about. A 50 caliber machine gun is a big gun and you can't shoot it. You can't you can't carry that thing and shoot it from your shoulder from your hip. It's meant to be mounted on a vehicle or mounted a necrath. But in M60 you can't shoot by yourself. You can carry it and you can fire it from the hip or from the shoulder. And so this Marine's thinking well we're going out these freaking saw guys. Probably a pretty decent chance we're going to get shot down. I'll go ahead and switch it out that way if we get shot down. I'll be able to you know unhook that thing and go and fight. You'll allow us to think of Marine boy. He's something. He's one of my all-time heroes from this mission. Yeah. Not far away from HMH463 at Marvel Mountain Air Facility Marine Aviators from HML 367 Scarface got the op order for Operation Tailwind in a more dramatic fashion according to Cobra Gunship pilot Joe Driscoll who is a first lieutenant at the time. And he says the duty driver came by our room at two or three o'clock in the morning and told us to pack our gear as we'd be gone for five to ten days on an operation to be ready at 5 a.m. My first thought was maybe we're finally going into North Vietnam. Driscoll and fellow pilots flew the early model H1G Cobra Gunships with one man sitting in front seat and a pilot sitting behind him. A relative of the more familiar Huey helicopter the Cobra Gunship had a man more narrow profile design strictly as a weapons platform. Driscoll Cobra had two 19 shot 2.75 rocket launchers, two seven shot rocket pods, one seven six two mini gun that fired six thousand rounds a minute and a grenade launcher that fired 40 millimeter high explosive rounds. That's why they call it a gunship. That's firepower. When the early versions of those Cobra's were fully armed and loaded with aviation fuel the helicopters skids would drag on the runway for a shirt distance until the pilots gained enough lift to get the bird airborne. However, once once in the air, they brought the fight to the enemy with precise gun runs and rocket runs. Scarface and several other marine helicopter units have been involved in the Secret War and Vietnam for several years, usually supporting recon teams and hatchet forces from FOB1 at FOOBI and FOB3 at K-SON or FOB4 at Denang. In the northern and you're just this section of the book is laying out and I'm skipping through it like I always have to skip through some stuff, get it, get the book so you can get the rest of the details. But you know, you mentioned that this was a massive joint operation through all these different forces and in this section you're laying out the various air platforms that are going to be brought to bear to execute this mission. You go on here in the northern side of Denang at the Joint Military Civilian Airfield Air Force Spad Pilots who flew the single wing, single wing A1 sky Raiders received their initial operator for Operation Tailwind. So the A1 sky Raiders this old school World War II era, right, invented and put together at the end of World War II used to help Korean War and then the Air Force Brass put them all away and then Jack Singlov and other Commanders said we want those aircraft back in servers and they had this big battle behind the scenes that get the sky Raiders because they were just phenomenal support for Sog. The nickname Spad World War I. I looked it up. It's an old World War one airplane and it's the one such an ancient beast that they called it the Spad, the World War One Airplane. Awesome looking bird. Going on here. The single, the single engine war plane was loved by American ground pounders. This is kind of like the A10. Oh yeah, you know, the A10 is the same thing. People trying to get rid of it and all the ground pounders say we love that thing. Absolutely love that world. The only thing the A10 with Missy was Napomp. Yeah, that would have been nice. Oh yeah. Chris McCridot. The single engine war plane was loved by American ground pounders and feared by communist troops because of the havoc and death they rained down on enemy troops. Additionally, through the unique design by Ed Heineman at Douglas Aircraft Company during World War II, the Skyrader could stay on station over a target longer than any aircraft and it brought bombs, cluster bombs, 2.75 rockets, 20 millimeter cannons and two mini guns to the battlefield. Once again, that's a lot of firepower. Plus bombs and Napomp. Over the years, several Sog recon and hatchet four screened arrays were called getting shawered with set shell casings from the A1 skyraders as they flew danger close to the teams. They were supporting. Some later reported receiving burns on the back of their necks from hot shell casings that fell from the war bird and landed on the soldier's necks, burning their skin once they lodged in the collar. However, no one ever complained about those burns, burns that were often life savings, life saving. Lieutenant Colonel Melvin Swanson was the group commander. When Operation Tailwind, Op Order landed on his desk. And here's what he had to say. To tell the truth, we didn't do anything special when the Op Order came down. I had no idea where we were going. We operated like any other Sog mission that we'd supported over the years. We had two A1s armed and cocked ready to go for Sog missions and search and rescue missions. We provided ourselves on saving Sog teams. Sog missions were our primary assignment with Saur as the other priority. When they called, we answered. Always. Back at CCC and Con'tume, McCarley, restated the mission to his platoon leaders and squad leaders. Go heavy on ammo, grenades, and C4 plastic explosives, and light on food and water. And he says, I had every team member including our Indiged Troops Carriot least one pound a C4, because we were going to blow up any enemy caches and structures we found, and C4 was always good for clearing LZs. Greenberry medic Gary Mike Rose went through his mental checklist, preparing to carry enough medical supplies and bandages for a company sized operation. He would make sure that each greenberry team member carried at least one more fiends threat in a specific pocket. He also made sure that he packed that each packed several sizes of bandages and at least one IV. He packed about 15 serets of more fiend, five serets of atropine. He always carried five for insert and snake bites even in camp, as well as extra bandages, medical tape, rubber tubing, and several NATO surgical kits. Rose worked with his mononyard, Cache. Is that right? Cache? Cache? Cache? Who he described has a loyal brave soldier and medic who carried a similar amount of medical supplies that I carried. And like many young soldiers rose never thought for a minute that he would be wounded during combat. Thus the stage was set for launching Operation Tailwind on September 11, 1970, after several weather delays and rocket attacks to the launch site north of CCC. It would be a mission where the 16 greenberries would receive a total of 33 purple hearts for wounds received during the heavy combat that was about to unfold in louss. Oh yeah. And the fun thing here is we this is the first time we were able to interview all the aviors like Mel Swanson, one character, and then Joe, Driscoll, and his cohorts from Scarface and then Met Larry and a couple of other, it's on the pilots over time. Yeah and we'll get to it because you mentioned in the book and you talk through that, but a lot of times you'd never even see these guys. Never. I mean there are stations in different places. They're up in the air, you're on the ground and you never, you never meet them. Never. And look at me, you've heard all the stories, my and limb black, defrenchment, Elton Bores, well, we all have SkyReader stories that love and say they're bacon, I couldn't tell you one pilot's name. Until we had to story. And that was even there at 45 years later. So here we go. Let's get to it. After seven days of weather delays, fall starts in enemy rocket attacks at the top secret military assistance command base in Vietnam. Eugene McCarley, that's the the guy in charge. Eugene McCarley gave the order to move out. 15 Bres, 15 Green Bres, and 120 Monn Yards mercenaries. On the morning of September 11th, four of the powerful Marine Corps CH 53 D. S. Corsky Twin engine helicopters in H.M. H. 463, based at the Marine Corps marble mountain air facility, it landed outside the CCC compound and loaded up the 136 man unit. Sog Brass had turned to the Marine Corps aviation wing that flew the largest troop carriers to reach into Louss, 25 kilometers beyond the normal Sog area of operations. S. Corsky Twin escorted by six Marine Corps Cobra's, the helicopters headed north to Refuel at back to before heading into the target area. After refueling, they flew north parallel to the border for a while before taking a left turn, heading west into the target area. Could the Cobra's make it all the way in? Yes. That's pretty impressive. Yeah, they had actually fuel capacity got it. And here's a speaking of the pilots that you got to interview. It was a hot zone from the moment we arrived. Scarface Cobra pilot Joe Driscoll said, we took several hits on the first gun run. During the insertion of the team Scarface pilot Sid Baker and I were surprised by the volume of fire. In fact, we took hits in our rocket pods. We had bullet holes in our tail boom and they shot out our radio. When the Cobra's made their final gun run, we followed our SOP, which was sustained formation and keeping eye out for enemy soldiers firing at us. And quote, because they had no radio contact, Driscoll and Baker simply flew through flew through the pattern to cover the ship in front of them without firing. quote, the enemy didn't know we had no radios. I'll tell you one thing that was a hot target Driscoll said, we were moving targets. The CH53s were static targets, but they went in, dropped off the troops and got out of their post-haste. Man. Yeah, on insert. I see, ordinarily we're done. We get shot at going in unless you're limb black and his ones you're out of it. But ordinarily you're done. You just turn around and go home. We're compromised. The idea is to get inserted, do a mission without being compromised. There by our old standards, we're compromised. Operation tailwind, we're going in. Come hell or high water. It gets better. Oh yeah. Continuing the CH53s were big targets. McCarly said, all of the CH53s were hit by enemy ground fire wall and rout to the target. I'd never received so much ground fire while flying to a target. He said, it sounded like a BB gun shooting a tin can, but it wasn't BBs that the troops heard it was enemy rounds. By the time that B company exited the helicopters four-month yards had been wounded from enemy gunfire, one died while flying back to base with his three wounded comrades. Greenbrake, medic, sergeant, Michael Rose added. It was strange exiting the chopper stepping over wounded in action to get to the ground. Yeah. So they haven't even started the mission yet. They got one killed and three wounded. We haven't started the mission yet, but we got we got three wounded and one killed. Continuing under ordinary sag mission SOPs, any recon team or hatchet force that received enemy ground fire and men wounded in action prior to getting to the ground would have canceled the mission. This was no ordinary mission. Company being moved off the helicopters and was on the ground in lousy shortly after noon time. One fundamental trueism of the Vietnam War as well as the eight years secret surface, the communist forces fought when they wanted to fight. Thus when McCarley and the Mani remaining 131 members of B company settled into the woodline, they found complete and utter silence. He said it was so strange. The aircraft pulled back, we were on the ground and there were no enemy soldiers, no noise, no birds, nothing. So once again you get that weird quietness. Oh yeah. What do you think make the NBA think we're going to shoot when they're inserting, but once they land, we're not going to do anything. What do they think? What's the enemy thinking at that point? Who knows? They're tactics always varied and I think a little bit was just a complete element of surprise. They thought of birds and so the people shooting at would be anti-aircraft crews along the way and probably some ground troops for the AKs. I don't know. I wasn't there. But once they land, let's see what the boys are up to. That's what the NBA could be thinking just to see what and then they knew with those three helicopters coming in. There's a lot of people and they wanted to maybe do their own assessment. See, who they are and what they're up to because sometimes the NBA just did react as quickly, particularly that far west. They were never actually surprised at a several levels. Surprise that we were there, or sod was there and then surprised at the number of aircraft and that they actually got in. And so there's all three different elements, but you know they're checking it out. Mm-hmm. Continuing on, McCarthy, who was serving a second tour of duty in sag, wasted no time. The company moved out in the northwest direction and then the men of B company had another surprise. Surprise. After moving less than 400 meters from the LZ, the point element of the company reported seeing huts. The first platoon deployed two squads to search the area. They found an enemy ammo dump 20 bunkers spread out over 500 meters hidden in the under the jungle canopy with vegetation and dark covers. After setting up perimeter security, the B company troops pulled together a quick inventory of what they had found picked up samples. While demolitions experts, as Sergeant First Class Bernard Bright and specialist fifth class Craig Schmidt, photographed identified the weapons and ammo and began setting up explosive charges with 13. And a half minute delay fuses in the two larger structures with white phosphorus grenades attached to each charge to better mark the exact location for Kavi who had then direct air strikes on that position. So here we go. Already on the ground, already found bad guy area, but there was no bad guys there for whatever reason, but a bunch of ammo and whatnot. They found a cash. So they're going to blow it up and then this happens. While the B company team worked on this cash, McCarley had one of the most unique moments in its 28 years of military service. As he and a few of the SF soldiers were looking at a map, a telephone rang. Quote, I couldn't believe it. A phone rang in the middle of the house. McCarley said, quote, so being SF, one of our guys picked up the phone and answered it. Hello, fifth special forces group may we help you. Did you imagine the reaction of the communist on the other end of that phone to this day just thinking about it makes me laugh? So there you go. Yeah. As the SF men chuckled at the phone call, others were compiling an impressive list of enemy weapons contained in the bunkers. Massive cash of weapons. Not resting on its laurels, B company moved north with a platoon with the first platoon breaking point in a short distance to first platoon found a trail. Crossed it were proceeding north. When a dare and second platoon squad leader Mike Hagen observed several NVA soldiers on the trail and opened fire on them. An NVA 762 round went through Hagen's gas mask, which he had on his leg and slammed into his legs so they're carrying gas mask on this operation. Bernie Bright was slightly wounded. The round actually parted his hair said McCarley, you can't get much closer than that. The NVA fled the area and B company continued to head north after medic Gary Mike Rose patched up Hagen's wound. As they marched they heard two large explosions back at the NVA bunkers. White phosphorus grenades, that bright and smith attached to the demo charges emitted large plumes of white smoke, smoke that covey readily picked up and proceeded to direct precise follow-up air strikes. Secondary explosions would continue for more than five hours. Can you imagine that? Secondary explosions? Crazy. Yeah, crazy amount of, well I mean this is their supply, this is how they're fighting the war. Right there you go home and say look what we just did. They'd be a great mission. That's the first but hour on the ground. B company then made contact with the NVA company, which lasted for close to an hour McCarley said. The hatchet force men use close air strikes from Scarface Cobras and spads skillful squad tacked and skillful squad tactics against the surprise the NVA to drive them off. As Darkness approached McCarley and the point element began looking for location to remain overnight for the night. We stopped for a combo check when they fired one B-40 rocket into our command post. Rose added we were fortunate we were fortunate in one small way. The rocket flew past all of us before striking a bamboo thicket, thus when the shrapnel exploded, those of us injured didn't get the full head on blunt force of the metal shards as the Ford momentum of the rocket exploded into the bamboo. 45 years later after that rocket explosion rose had one lasting mental image of it. He says quote it's funny I can't remember much about it except that all the sudden I was flying through the air. At some point while airborne I looked up and saw a blue sky. It was beautiful and then I landed. And here's McCarley rose showed us what he was made of that day. He immediately started to go to work on the wounded because everyone in the CP at that time had varying degrees of wounds. In fact Rose had a serious foot injury. Somehow the shrapnel had sliced open his jungle boot and cut into his foot. What did he do? He pulled out an ace bandage wrapped it around his foot and used his car 15 as a crutch and began treating our wounded. And the quote the most serious wounded was a south-viewed and amoees lieutenant. Shrapnel sliced into his right thigh to the bone in addition to other shrapnel wounds. We stopped and looked our wounds as Rose passed patched up our people McCarley said. McCarley's plan was to continue to move at night and if B company made contact with the enemy the special forces men would determine whether to attack them or maneuver around them or simply pull back and call and fix wing gun ships that could bring deadly fire from the sky upon the enemy troops on the ground. Fast forward a little bit. Finally, Rose rigged two stretchers from rubber poncho supported by thick bamboo poles and tied them down with six foot sections of rope. They would now be able to carry the most seriously wounded indigenous troops when Rose gave McCarley the okay. B company took the bold step of moving out at night. Quote, I wasn't going to let them tie us down in one position and then hammer us by us moving. They didn't know exactly where we were. There were little scirmishes and a few times we ran into a few NVA after contact we'd move on. If there was a larger element we could pull back and call in the gunship strike. We had flare ships over us every night. End quote, B company continued to march west deeper into laughs. The deeper B company green beret and their mountain yards headed west the more they enhanced their primary goal of being a diversion to the NVA forces attacking the CIA's operation catapult. This wasn't going to be easy. By dawn, nine of the Americans, nine of the 16 Americans had been wounded. So these guys have been on the ground for what is it? They got inserted around noon. So we're talking of very short period of 18 hours. Yeah, 18 hours or something like that and they already have nine of the 16 Americans wounded. Rose and his indigenous medic, Cach, worked tirelessly on the wounded all might even as they moved throughout the dark jungle. So they got nine wounded just Americans and they're still moving. And the two seriously wounded, Montenegro. Yeah, in stretchers. And stretchers and provides. Yeah, man. Carrying stretchers is no joke. You need to have like a team to care if you think if you think, oh, just get two guys one on each side of the stretcher. That works for a little while. But you end up having to either rotate those guys out or you put four guys on the stretcher so much harder than it looks. Now luckily the yards are smaller though, right? Yeah. They're not like the big of them. Man, when we when we were going through training and I was be a downman. The guys would be like, hey, bro. I love you, but could you go on a dive please? Take this grenade. It will see you later. Good luck. We'll mark you with a cam light. Continuing on, Captain G. McCarty had the men of B company hatchet force moving north well before the sun rose on day two of Operation Tailwind. We zigzagged a lot during that mission because we didn't want the NVA to get a good fix on our position as we knew they tried to pin us down and attack us in force if that happened. Said McCarty. Within an hour NVA soldiers hit the first platoon with automatic weapons, B-40 rockets and mortars. Two squads maneuvered against the enemy while McCarty directed air strikes against the enemy positions that tactics work because of thick jungle they weren't able to get an accurate body count as McCarty continued to march north. However, SF, medic, Gary Mike Rose knew the casualties were climbing among both SF and in-did's troops of B company. We had two yards killed and yards of the short name for Montenegro. We had two yards killed when Captain McCarty and I got hit with Shrapnel from the B-40. After conforming, confirming they were dead, I wrapped them up and we carried them with us as best we could, Rose said. However, after trying to carry them while tending to the two most seriously injured men, I quote, I had to make a decision to leave the two dead men behind because I could see that carrying them as we moved, we were causing too much fatigue for the living. So we made a decision that has bothered me for nearly half a century. By day two it seemed as though every day every hour I kept getting more and more wounded. So the SF medic rose, he's looking at the situation and we were just joking about how hard it is to carry guys and clearly he was dealing with that. It's incredibly hard and you think like I said, it takes, you have to have guys to rotate through it's taking out a whole lot of your combat power when you're moving wounded. So they probably have probably takes 10 guys to move these two wounded guys maybe even more. So that's 10 guys out of the fight and you're moving slower and so he has to make this agonizing decision that we're going to leave these guys. When I talked to Mike for that part of the story, his eyes well done. It was just like yesterday. It really still hurt him. Now 50 years later. Yeah. Rough. Continue's on here at one point during an attack on B company and VA force of more than 40 enemy soldiers. Two of the most seriously wounded men that rose was treating had both of their IV fluid bags shattered and destroyed during a hail of enemy gunfire. I learned to lesson right then and there said rose. We kept the IVs flowing from low positions allowing gravity to work but not high enough for the enemy gunfire to destroy them. Were you guys using IV bag? Were your IV's glass? That's a good question. I forget. Okay. That's for the medics of the Kamagai. Yeah. Well the weird that well we all carry IVs and we ended up getting small IVs but I don't know if he said the IVs shattered. So that makes me think maybe they were made of glass. What the bag? IV bags. Yeah. Just like your big jars. Yeah. Oh no there for our medics they had plastic. Okay. So maybe because they're I'll not show it to Hatchiforce. He took what he had. Yep. That'd be my assumption. So you're treating your wounded. You're giving them IV and the freaking bags or the jar gets shot at. Yeah. Continuing on as the Hatchiforce moved north it was obvious to Macarly that rose had his hands full as he continually as he had to continually monitor two most seriously wounded men. Men who were being carried by him and other team members and structures made of bamboo sticks and ponchos because they were so many wounded Macarly directed B company to find or make an LZ for a medivac to land and take out the wounded. They found a large bomb crater and began preparing the LZ when the enemy initiated two successive contacts with them. Sfiring small arms before the rockets and throwing chycom grenades as they worked to on establishing a clearing B company dealt with the two separate attacks from the NVA using squad tactics and attack air. Both the attacks were neutralized only to have Covey report that the weather had turned bad prohibiting any rescue attempts for the day. Without hesitation B company moved moved out again going west for a while then north keeping its pattern of movement unpredictable. What I remember most about day two of Operation Tailwind was the disappointment of having the weather turned bad preventing a much needed medivac. Macarly said, so these guys have the goal like okay we got we got some wounded guys we need to get these guys out of here they fight to get it get an LZ once they get this LZ established under attack they push the attack back and then the weather rolls in and the guys can't guys can't fly. How these days your weather is there what's your what's your confidence on the weather predictions? Like the weather predictions and Iraq are pretty easy it's going to be hot. Every once in a while you would get a storm and we had some sandstorms. Oh I saw them. The sandstorms they're they're like biblical sandstorms. Oh yeah they blacken the sky it's pretty cool to see but you can't run off send them at all like you can't make communications because the sand blocks radio waves. So basically if there's that kind of biblical sandstorm coming everyone just kind of stands down now you can go out and try and get into a good position but you can't see anything you can see you know maybe maybe 20 yards or something like that I mean you visibility just gone. Oh yeah but we could kind of know that they were coming. I never got let me put this way I never got surprised by the weather in Iraq. It was there was sunny and hot 99% of the time. Every once in a while there'd be some kind of cloud maybe a little bit of precipitation by because we were by the fridies with river where it was it was human people who know that by the fridies rivers freaking human and I'm going to show you pictures sometime of this area to the to the north east of the city of Vermont it was still in our in our AO and it was called the MC one or the one MC but what we called it was Viet Ram because because it looked like Viet No. Yeah. They looked exactly like Viet No. Palm trees, rice patties, dikes. My steps on told me about it. This is in the green zone. Yep. Yep. It's like I thought it was back in Viet No. With you. Always seeing the green zone in Afghanistan? No. Oh, in Iraq. And by green zone he means areas where there was the we was called the green zone was the biggest most secure area in Iraq. Okay. So you're talking about the green zone in Baghdad. And Baghdad. Okay. Yeah. And he was operating southeast and different locations for near some of which they came into Iraq. He juggle. Yep. In Afghanistan they call the green zone. Yeah. Like areas where there's areas where they're like heavily folk. There's a lot of foliage. Right. Okay. So in Iraq the green zone is the green zone. It's the thing right there in Baghdad, which is big and secure. It's where they had good food and all that stuff. Yeah. We never had any sandstorms in the jungle. So maybe a Thai food or two. So my question was when you would get a weather prediction, you're going to go like these guys, let's say you were going on a four-day mission. And they're telling you, all right, looks like the weather is good. How good did you feel about that? Like did you give it 50 or 50? Yeah. You've figured what that was. It's figured because it could change so quickly. But the positive thing is that if it gets cloudy, how long is that? How long are you thinking that last four? Oh, you know, every time was different. Um, could the clouds a lot of time to be clouds in the morning? Sometimes they burn all sometimes they wouldn't. And there's just so much moisture around. And we're always jogging with the weather. I'm just one of the factors that just no control. We get predictions. But we got sucked in a couple times. And again, they wanted to get us into a hole. So okay, we just go up and try to get into a target and get in and then mother nature closes the hole. So like, it was just that the lie love and waited out. Wait it out because if you move and make make contact, there's no support. And the NVA know that. That's what really really come at you. Hard to do is no air. So they love it when there's bad weather. Oh, sure. Oh, yes. The air weather was the NVA's ally. All right. Fighting them and VA fighting the weather. Mother nature. It's a night mother nature. It's another day at Sog. Back to the book. Night two and Louss was similar to night one. B company kept on the move with continued support from moon beam, linking the team with shadow, stinger, and specter gunships throughout the night. During that night, we heard track vehicles. We heard trucks Macarley said. Night two sounded like a lot of trucks heading south, bringing troops and supplies south, and some to deal with us. We had skirmishes that night and we directed air assets to assist us directly and to the areas where we heard motor vehicle activity. So now you got the specter gunships, common at night, which is a beautiful thing. What I had all three variations because you know, when I first get there in 68, spooky was the first one. And then they came out with shadow, which was a C119, where a spooky was the old C47, and they could have maybe two ring guns. And when they came out with the shadow, could we have one of our recon teams said, they came back, they lived through the night, and they went through a couple of shadows, and they had more orders, make it stay on station longer, and then another team, a couple months later, or maybe you're off to get the time frame, then it was a stingers. Again, C119s, with the weapons, the computers, the lock-in on the strobe light, and then specter. And 50 years later, it's still dominate the night. Yeah, that thing is a beautiful piece of machinery. The NVA also inflicted some more casualties in the company. By the time McCarley moved out at 4am for day three, September 13th, 1970, Rose was tending to more than 30 wounded men. Two with deadly serious wounds that required almost constant attention, fluid rejuvenation, and pain management. By that time Rose was also running low on bandages, ivies, and morphine serets. Quote, we were so low on morphine that I reused morphine serets, which is a no-no-under normal circumstances, but there was nothing normal about this operation, so I would give two or three of the wounded morphine from the same seret. I only gave them enough to dull the pain, but allowed them to be somewhat alert. And Quote. As Rose focused on the wounded, the first platoon engaged the enemy as they moved toward a potential LZ for a much needed meta-vac, while the third platoon deployed one squad to maintain contact with another squad of NVA attacking the company's rear. After several gun runs by Scarface and A1 skyrators from denying in Thailand, the rear action force rejoined the company as it pushed into a good LZ site and began clearing trees with clay more mines and C4 plastic explosives. At noon after Scarface and the spads performed gun runs on enemy positions near a small LZ, the first Marine Corps 53D approached the LZ. As the large helicopter descended into the LZ, the pilot Bill Beardall was concerned that the LZ might not be large enough to land in. As he maneuvered the chopper slowly downward, Rose moved toward the rear tailgate of the CH53 with his most seriously injured soldier, the South Vietnamese lieutenant with the horrific thigh and hip injury. Inside the chopper SF-Medics John, staff sergeant John Dock-Padget and sergeant John Brown moved onto the back tailgate as it lowered with Brown supporting Paget by holding his belt. I was trying to reach the patient that Mike was lifting towards us and just at that moment in time the pilot pulled pitch and lifted to the left. And quote, Rose said quote, the tail rotor struck a tree as I was lifting the patient up towards Dock. The chopper lifted upward suddenly. As it was lifting up, it took enemy small arms fire and a B-40 rocket hit. And quote, Paget said quote, when that B-40 hit us, it went through the fuel cell but didn't explode. There was aviation fuel everywhere. How it didn't ignite, I'll never know, but surely God was riding with us. And quote, bear doll pilot of the CH53 radioed Mayday, Mayday, we're going in as the CH53 began losing fuel in its hydraulic fuel, few fluids. Why H14, that's the number of this particular CH53, crashed without any injuries to the Medix or crew members who immediately exited the wounded bird and set up a defensive perimeter with Paget overseeing the impromptu team on the ground. As the NCOIC for SOGCC dispensary at Kahn Tum, Paget could have pulled rank and stayed behind. And he said quote, but that wasn't how I did things. I usually took my turn riding on the Chase medic ship. So here you have a guy that's a senior guy that could have been sitting back in the in the in the Hooch air condition in the air condition, who's pooch back on base, but he's he's not that kind of leader. No, not at all steps up and gets in there. And now these guys are getting shot down. Maybe he's questioning that decision right now. Oh, I'm sure he was. He made that set up for the record. But talks a smart guy. Figure all the angles. As they set up their perimeter scar face lieutenant, H E Newton called CH53 aircraft number Y H 20 piloted by Mark McKenzie met them at a rally point and led them to the crash site where Scarface and Spads made gun runs in preparation for the Chase medic aircraft called Sard by them by the Marines to arrive for the down, downed crew and SF medics. While En route to rescue the crew of Y H 14 said Y H door gunner Larry Grow, I was admiring the beautiful countryside. And I couldn't help thinking of all the bad guys down there waiting for us. My M60 was lockloaded and ready for action. As we got closer to the pick up site, I could see that it was surrounded by smoke that was laid down by Scarface Cobras along with their rockets and 40 millimeters to protect the crew of the downtropper and quote. As Y H 20 was about to settle into a hover over the downed crew, an NVA 51 caliber anti aircraft heavy machine gun opened fire on the aircraft's left side. Grows left side window was only about 25 yards away from it. And the muzzle flashes from the gun were huge and the round seemed to be the size of basketballs. Grow pulled the trigger on his M60 and held it until the 51 cow was silenced. The CH53 started to bounce around and I knew quote and I knew we had taken some hits. Sergeant Whitmer was working his gun on the right side as Captain Kipola and Sergeant Spalding were at the rear ramp throwing out the 120 foot aluminum extraction ladder and quote. Meanwhile, Scarface Cobras were making gun runs, spads following suit hitting enemy sites. Quote everything seemed to slow down as the action heated up Grows said. Everything was in slow motion. When the ladder landed on the ground, Paget told everyone to climb in, climb it and hook onto it. There was so much confusion and noise that no one moved to the ladder. He said, finally I said follow me and up I went. They followed suit. This is just me, him. Grows said the lift off from the LZ wasn't easy. Quote, we had no idea just how bad the battle damage was but we were bouncing all over the sky and we had a huge beat. Meaning that there was something terribly wrong with our main rotor blades and quote. Now the crew of YH20 was concerned about the safety of the aircraft and the men below riding on the extraction ladder. So you have the helicopter get shot down and then this other helicopter comes into rescue. They get lit up with a with a dish gun machine gun 12.7mm 51 cow, which is a freaking massive machine gun. They get shot up with that. They throw the extraction ladder out the back. A bunch of the guys don't know what to do. Finally someone on the ground starts climbing the ladder. They all start climbing the ladder but they don't get up the ladder. So they're all just hanging onto this ladder and then this thing starts to try and get out of there and it's like a car with a piston that's not firing. Exactly. Quote, in hindsight there was really no way that we or anyone else could know how bad the damage was said grow. Quote, only when we finally made it back do we just learned how bad our damage was. Numerous rounds it cut the hydraulic lines to the tail rotor, one round from the 50-count it almost cut the main rotor tail drive shaft in half. That round it hit next to the Thomas coupling which connects the tail rotor drive shaft sections together. We were extremely lucky to have made it back to base. God was with us that day. Paget said. Man those helicopters are beasts to take that kind of damage. Oh yeah. Yeah. Salute. Salute the 53's. Amen. For the rest of the men on the ground during the night of day three there was no rest. By the way while all that's happened we still got 100 something guys left on the ground. The NVN testified it's attacks against the men of B company throwing an estimated 600 plus hand grenades into the defense positions of the hatchet force even as it moved a few times during the night. So now we're taking 600 hand grenades. By now the B company met it gained an important tactical advantage over the NVA. I like this. This is a good attitude to have right here. When we got a freaking down helicopter we got all these wounded guys. We received 600 grenades and here you know what? Here we go. By now the B company men have gained an important tactical advantage over the NVA. They learned the NVA combat signals during the close in fighting. The NVA would hit two bamboo sticks together or use a whistle for signals. The hatchet force men learned that one click or one whistle signal the NVA to move. Two meant throw hand grenades and three meant withdraw. hatchet force men would then radio what signal what the signal was to the other team members so they could adjust accordingly. More than once when the NVA signal to withdraw the hatchet force men would then attack when they were more vulnerable. It was one more tactical advantage that they used to their advantage against an enemy force that continued to grow on the battlefield despite losing hundreds of men to air strikes, bombing runs and team ground fire. Meanwhile back in denying at their air base the Marines returned to repair their aircrafts as the warning order came down for day four. The weather and NVA hordes were closing in on B company. Woof! With those hand grenades one of the things that the limb black discovered was that the NVA had hand grenade vest where they would have four or five hand grenades in one vest that you get it and throw it forward and hold it and then all five grenades will launch at one time with the pins pulled so you have four or five hand grenades coming at you one time. They were all like tied together or something? Yeah. So when they got the vest and then threw it but held it the hand grenades a task would then go forward. Oh god it. And so would this thing that was going on with the 600 plus I'm sure that was one of the tactics the NVA were pulled because they had the hand grenade vest. That's a lot of grenades to respond. That's a lot of grenades to respond. That's a lot of grenades. You need to fully have go off because they're Chinese and Jai Kong. You still have only half go off. That's still 300 grenades. Yeah. And that also tells me something melts. It tells you how close the enemy was. Yeah. Because that means they're throwing those grenades. So this is close fighting. And not to mention you are not going to have close it's so close that we can hear their signaling when they're bang and tube bamboo sticks together. Primitive but effective. Primitive but effective but also so close that we can hear it and we hear it so much that we actually decipher their freaking code. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Going back to the look the morning of Operation Tailwind day for Dawn to Palm Beach Company hatched force of Mac Vsog moving toward an LZ to lift out the more seriously wounded among the remaining 127 men who could still walk. All 16 green berets had been wounded at least once and about 40 mont yard troops were wounded during the first three days of this secret for a deep in the louse. So there you go. That's at least 40 probably more. Could nobody nobody count everybody's just too busy fighting. Be Company commanding Officer Captain G Maccarly had the point element moving toward an apparent clearing with one fought mind. Get one Marine Corps heavy lift. CH53 helicopter into pick up the wounded and then continue to march to destroy any NVA fortification supplies or troops they encountered. By now the entire second platoon was being used to help care for and transport the wounded under the tireless leadership of medic Gary Mike Rose including three wounded who were carried on impromptu stretchers. So there you go. You have an entire platoon of what 40 guys. Yeah. You have an entire platoon of 40 guys that are just being used to for the wounded help the wounded. So that's how hard it is to deal with wounded and move wounded. And his Marine has more feamed. Surreets are low. Fast forward a little bit. The men on the ground didn't know about two startling developments. The weather was closing in with a storm front that would prevent attacker from supporting B company and operation tailwind had rocked the NVA brass into rallying hordes of north Vietnamese and path it loud troops that were moving toward the highway 165 area near the tiny hamlet of Chavane. So these guys don't know it but there's massive enemy coming and bad weather. Now when this bad weather hits just to be clear if I didn't make this clear enough, the only thing that really keeps you guys alive on the ground at a certain point is just the fact that we have air superiority and you can drop bombs because they got hundreds if not thousands of troops going against you. So if you lose air support it's a matter of time because if look the NVA they don't care they'll keep coming they'll come in waves until they finally just overwhelm you with just a tritian. So if you lose tack air at some point you're going to be overrun and everyone's dead. Our edge is gone. Yeah. Yeah Dave. Here's McCarley quote when we started day four we hadn't thought about an extraction except for getting the wounded out. We took our mission seriously meaning he's saying look we're not even thinking about leaving yet. Not at all. We're staying out getting our wounded out but we're ready to go. We're going to stay. We took our mission seriously. Relieve the pressure on the CIA's operation. Thanks to tack air we had hurt the enemy no question and by continuously moving we had kept the NVA off balance. We were tired but our morale was good. We'd been on the move about an hour when we heard dogs. These weren't dogs that sounded like tracker dogs the NVA used on us. They sounded like pet dogs. So we moved toward their sound and the first platoon followed them. The dogs led B company to what would become one of the greatest military intelligence coup of the eight-year sog secret war in louss. They're not tracking dogs but they're just like pet dogs and the guys follow them back to this camp. That's me I'm going the other way. Dogs anywhere particularly in the A. Oh. Sorry. Yeah no the first time I think it was the first time you were on and we were talking about those tracking dogs about halfway through the conversation after you're talking about these dogs they're smelling you and they're closing on you and I was like tell do you still like do you not like dogs and you said I hate dogs. Yeah totally understood. Before long the enemy troops filed fire several B 40 rockets at the point element of B company and then fell back and look like they had gone back to some sort of bunker complex McCarley said after a brief skirmish and a brilliantly executed spad gun runs where they'd used cluster bomb units on enemy positions. The first platoon led the assault on those bunkers with a well coordinated attack while second platoon covered our flank and provided rear security. So so you guys these guys run up against an enemy position with bunkers and what do they do attack it? Yeah call in for closer support and attack it on day four. I mean these guys probably have eaten their short on water their wounded. Third platoon protected our right flank we caught them napping. We hit the outpost when they were cooking breakfast. There were open fires fires with cooking pots on them. Hell they never had anyone mess with them before this deep into louss. A few NVA hit in a couple the bunkers whom the montn yards quickly eliminated with hand grenades. Those bunkers were nothing but gory blood and guts after the grenade attacks McCarley said. Again a one-scirator, sky-raders delivered. CBU's precisely along two key enemy lines, instantly silencing enemy gunfire hand grenades and rocket attacks. Within a short period of time more than 70 NVA were killed as B company swept through the base. As B company drove the remaining NVA out of the outpost they discovered a bunker in the base of camp that quote appeared to be like a basement in a regular house. Said McCarley. It was at least 10 feet long and 10 feet wide with maps on the walls and a foot locker loaded with documents. I emptied my rock sack of everything except for extra car 15 ammo. By that time I'd use the extra battery, radio battery and C4 that I was carrying and I started packing with enemy documents papers, code books, transportation logs, and quote within 15 minutes the base camp was overrun. The area was searched for intelligence and photographs were taken as medic microes continued to treat the wounded men of the company. So this is a score. It's a coup and a half. Oh yeah, rich. By now it was clear to B company intelligence men that they had stumbled into an NVA battalion base camp that was a major logistical command center and probably the headquarters that controlled the nearby lay ocean highway 165. Remaining true to his original operation order, McCarley had all the intelligence documents packed and ordered B company and all of its walking wounded to march out of the battalion base camp while demolitions experts wired 120 millimeter mortar for enemy trucks and more than nine tons of rice for destruction. As usual after the special forces charges exploded A1 skyrators followed up with gunnapom and bombing runs to completely destroy all enemy structures and supplies. Boom. Nine tons of rice. Feet a lot of people. Oh yeah. Meanwhile back at con tomb fast forward a little bit. Meanwhile back at con tomb while all that's happening. All the air assets the A1 skyrators of the denang based operating location alpha alpha scar face pilots and CH53 pilots or getting a detailed briefing on the weather and a sighting by cubby of hundreds if not more than a thousand NVA and path that loud troops moving east towards B company. Quote during that final briefing it was very clear today it was due or die. End quote from scar face pilot Joe Driscoll quote the big thing was the stark seriousness of the moment. Everyone knew they had suffered heavy casualties and now the weather was closing in on them. A1 skyrator pilot tom stomp added quote the weather was dog shit when we took off. I wasn't optimistic about getting them out of their end quote on the ground and louse McCarley pressed forward until he received a disturbing radio call from Covey sometime in the early afternoon of September 14th day for of operation tailwind quote I believe it was Covey writer Jimmy Wardaddy Hart radio down and told us the NVA were massing and if that and that if we didn't get out of there today we weren't going to get out period that got my attention. Frankly he mentioned the weather issue too which up to that point in time I wasn't aware of because we were in the jungle end quote. Yeah that got your attention huh. Oh yeah and everybody back at base they know they're getting hammered and it was bad and they're getting ready to go they don't know how bad it is. It's like you're in a jungle like you've heard it before you don't know what the hell bad the weather is of your on the ground and you can't tell about times the difference between sun and the no sun that's just dark in the jungle and they break loose every once the while I get to open if they could see right Jean had no idea that's when Covey told because I interviewed Jean on and he was like stunned when they when the Covey told like he really thought we're going to kick Darius we just hit the cash you say cash or cash you're the English major I'm only English minor so I had a it's cash cash oh thank you sir it's cash I'll be more correct now I got corrected that I got corrected but on that when I was I think I was like an E five or something E four and you know I was briefing something and I said well there's a cash A over there my officers said actually charcoal it's cash and I said no it's not I didn't believe him you had to go to the dictionary and back then you actually had to get a dictionary yeah yeah well I'll tell you what you're the man if you want to call it cash A we can change it right now we we will follow suit I always preferred cash A me two things cool sound could be cash a status but cash A's got a little more more of a possess yeah so these guys are in a bad way and and now McCarley kind of realizes we got the enemy coming we got weather moving in back to the book realizing they needed a large LZ a large LZ large enough to handle a CH 53 because CH 53's are massive birds in the light of and and by the way there's no opportunity you're not going to get 50 guys out on strings so this thing's going to have to land yeah and you got wounded on top of that in light of losing one of the 53's heavy lift helicopters on a tight LZ the previous day yeah by the way we already lost one of these things McCarley moved down a road towards a clearing that was large enough for Nell Z however the open area was seated too deeply in a valley which had hills on two sides of it where the NVA gunners would be able to have clear fields of fire on the marine rescue helicopters as well as the supporting tack air assets Scarface cobre gunships to facilitate the continued movement of B company A1 spads and cobre Scarface Scarface cobre's quote gave us fire protection to the front and to the rear McCarley said the NVA kept hitting us with automatic fire and B40s the air strikes kept them back far enough so they couldn't do any real damage at some point Kaviran dangerously low on fuel returned to base and connected spad pilot Tom Stump directly with McCarley about future air strikes shortly before the first CH 53 arrived in the area of operations. I'll never forget it when I spoke to Gene that's McCarley when I spoke to Gene his voice was as calm as a man at Sunday church picnic Stump said he had that slow southern draw and calmly said he was getting his ass kicked down there and all the while I could hear gun file gunfire explosions and hand grenades he said he needed some separation between the company and the NVA we were on station for two hours doing just that providing close air support with all the SF wounded in the large number of casualties they had I couldn't see how we'd get them out. Tom Stump McCarley and his men were grateful for the close air support of Stump his fellow spad pilot Scarface and tack air but Stump stood out in his mind McCarley said quote Tom Stump's flu so close to us during some of those gun runs I could tell if he had shaved or not. That's just how close those A1 sky Raiders flew in support of us. We were extremely grateful for all the air support believed me but seeing Stump was something that stuck with me. I also think that safe to say that because this was a song mission deep into louse none of the air assets got that credit they should have received for the remarkable coverage they provided to us over four days from the fast movers right down to Scarface and the Cubbies. Continuing on B company found a heavily traveled dirt road only wide enough for foot traffic and headed to a second LZ one that provided better cover and less exposure to enemy ground fire for the helicopters and for the men of B company as they moved cubby rider Jimmy Ward Daddy Hart told McCarley he had spotted another quote horde of NVA and quote moving toward B company. This time Hart told B company to put on their gas masks and directed A1 sorties flown by hobo 20 and fire 544 based in Thailand to deliver CBU 30 tear gas ordinance. On the next horde of NVA while B company found it secured a second LZ for the Marine CH53 to land this drastic tactic worked it slowed down another NVA horde but many of the men and B company including McCarley rose and others were hit by the gas which had a lot of our guys crying and choking on that C.S. McCarley said but it also bought them some time so they called and some custom bomb units with some coughing gas in it. It's an irritant indeed right which is a lot different this is where this is where it's a little tricky and it comes up later but that is a chemical right people say well this is a chemical weapon and it is technically a chemical weapon but it's a freaking non lethal chemical weapon doesn't kill you. Right just your cry a lot if you can continue on the Scarface Cobras led the CH53 season to the LZ with deadly gunruns as an Air Force F4 Phantom Jets pounded two enemy mortar pits that were marching 82 millimeter rounds toward the LZ that was large enough for only one CH53 to land at a time. Quote we escorted the CH53s into LZ the first run wasn't as bad as the previous day when I could see dozens of enemy soldiers out in the open firing at us with and the choppers said Scarface pilot Joe Driscoll when Macarley lost radio contact with Covey Scarface commanding off Sir Lieutenant Colonel Harry Sexton and his co pilot Pat Owen quickly picked up coordinating the air assets with Macarley. The first heavy lift let helicopter landed on the LZ picking up a majority of the wounded B company men including the three most seriously wounded who were carried in stretchers since being wounded on night one of the operation. Since Platoon 2nd Platoon placed the wounded on the first Marine helicopter before it lifted off successfully and headed back to Conthune. Scarface again led the 2nd Marine Corps CH53 into the LZ this time taking an increased volume of enemy gunfire as aviators pointed out to Macarley another large contingent of NVA moving toward the LZ now what appeared that the NVA brass realized that B company had hit the 559th transportation base camp and taken all of its maps, reports records and money and had directed masses of enemy troops towards B company. They told me they could see hundreds of them's coming of for us. The 2nd Marine Corps CH53 picked up the remaining wounded men and several other members of B company and lifted off the LZ successfully drawing more enemy fire than the first heavy lift helicopter. Scarface then led the 3rd CH53 so we got two helicopters of command we've gotten most the wounded on the first one the bunch of guys leave on the 2nd one that's all successful and now we go Scarface led the 3rd CH53 into the LZ taking even more enemy fire than the 2 previous choppers had encountered. However from Macarley rose first sergeant Morris Adair and the remaining men of B company the drama wasn't over. CH53 ceased down in pilot Don first lieutenant Don Persegi and his coal pilot first lieutenant Bill Baddie or Bady. We're concerned about the amount of rounds hitting the heavy lift chopper. I like the way they explained that. Yeah, I'm a little concerned. I'm concerned about this. The quote on our final approach we took heavy enemy fire Persegi said we knew that this was the last element on the ground that we had to get them out. Sergeant first sergeant or SF sergeant Mike Hagen said quote I can tell you that big bird was a welcome sight to us. We were all beat. We were all wounded and we were all ready to go home. Believe me and quote be company commander Captain Jean Macarley Hagen, Medic Sergeant Rose and first sergeant Morris Adair held a tight defensive perimeter with a few mont yards as others beat a hasty but orderly path into the large marine war bird as dozens of NVA soldiers surged out of the CS gas clouds towards the LZ. Macarley was on the radio with Covey. He said you have to get out of there now. This is so this is a Macarley saying that Covey said you have to get out of there now. There's hundreds and hundreds of them coming after you now. Now that's what Macarley is getting told you have to get out of there now. And I don't know how many are left on the ground but it's probably what 15 or 20 or something like that. Yeah, because they had the worst wounded. Yeah. In the second bird they got a lot of you did you out. As Macarley spoke into the PRC 25 handset, a mont near a team member standing between Macarley and the radio operator was killed by enemy gunfire as he fired his weapon at them. He got shot in the heads. Macarley said there was blood all over the place. Another yard looked at him turned to me with a sad look and simply said he's dead. A1 Skyrader pilot Tom Stump vividly remembers those long moments before the man of B company boarded CH53. It was a wild scene down there as we provided close cover to the team on the ground. Air Force F4 is attacked anti aircraft guns that the NVA had moved into the area. They, meaning the NVA, had really, had really wanted them. They were mass to get them. They wanted to get back what the team had taken from the base camp. Kavie riders told us that NVA, 12.7 millimeter and 37 millimeter anti aircraft weapons were opening up on us. Meanwhile, the Scarface Cobra gunships reacted to enemy gunfire on their aircraft while Jean directed us to enemy troops moving toward them. Keep in mind, we knew all the SF men were wounded and low on ammo. There was a moment in time when I couldn't see how we'd get them out. It was that intense. Coming out of the gas, she used. Not everyone was low on ammo. As he was severely wounded in the foot, hand an arm on day one, rose at tightly wrapped their torn jungle boot and bleeding foot with an ace bandage to keep it shut and it used his car 15 more as a cane to support his weight than as a weapon because he was so busy treating and tending to more than 60 wounded men. His left hand had suffered a shrapnel wound also, which he quickly wrapped before returning to caring for the wounded team. Now, as he a dare and haggard and a hat, haggard moved up the ramp. The semi-mobile medic opened fire on the rapidly approaching NVA after they placed their dead-mont Neward soldier on the helicopter. McCarley was the last man to leave the LZ. Quote, as we were backing up the ramp, they were coming toward us. They were coming at us hard. He said, I'm guessing the CS gas had them confused because they were getting close to us as me, Mike, and Morris stood, but none of them through a grenade into the chopper. I never understood why they didn't. They were that close and they kept coming even as we lifted off from the LZ while mowing down NVA soldiers. So, they go through all that and it looks like we're going to be in a pretty good spot, possibly. But it ain't over till it's over. Indeed. As the CH53 lifted off from the LZ, pilot Persegi said, he and co-pilot, batty. What do you think that's batty or batty? Batty. Batty. Could feel enemy rounds continuing to hit the aircraft. A dare, McCarley and Rose had just sat down next to Sergeant First Class, Bernie Bright, when someone tapped Rose on the shoulder and pointed to the left door, gunner, Marine Sergeant Stevens, who was bleeding profusely from a gunshot wound at the neck. Rose said, quote, he got hit in the neck. There was blood everywhere. I was coated in blood by then from him and other wounded. He was very lucky. The round administered the corroded artery and trachea yet he was going into shock. I rolled him over, got him on all fours and remember telling him, listen, you lucky son of a bitch. If you're going to die, you'd be dead by now. After that, he started to bounce back. Sometimes as a medic, you have sometimes as a medic. You have to be harsh with people to break them out of shock. Then I found something to wrap around his neck to get the bleeding to stop. As Rose struggled with Stevens bleeding neck injury, knee to realize that the Marine door gunner's helmet, helmets open microphone was alive. Explain this a little bit when you're on an aircraft. The people in the aircraft have what they call interior communications, which is basically a, you know, if you're the pilot, you can talk to the copilot and then you can both talk to the aircraft. Everyone's got these little helmets on with microphones. And it crews in the back and they can't see each other. So they have to have verbal contact. And if you, I know it looks like in a movie, everyone's talking in an aircraft, in a helicopter. You can't hear anything in a helicopter. You have to scream directly into someone's ear to hear someone especially in a CH53. Those things are freaking loud. And so the air crew has these headsets with these microphones that are built a special way so that they don't pick up the external numbers. They just pick up the voice. Well, when you key that handset, your transmitting, your, your filling up that interior communications network with whatever noise you're putting into it. And so I'll go back to the book here. Communications were almost impossible as he was on a hot mic. A hot mic is when you're keying up your microphone when you shouldn't be. And all I could hear was gasping and gurgling said, Purski was having a potentially deadly loss of power issue with the severely damaged CH53 C-Stalian. As the heavily laden helicopter lifted off from the LZ and went from a hover mode into transitional lift where the helicopter begins to gain both altitude and speed. Engine failure emergency lights and warning systems screamed alerts of a pending engine failure within seconds one engine died. Purski had only one remaining engine to continue lifting away from the hordes of NVA gathering or on and around the LZ shooting at the C-Stalian. And at least one entire craft weapon that was firing at the struggling Sikorski. In addition, he and Badi had another challenge on their horizon. How do avoid the mountains that they were approaching with only one engine? That ridge line was sheer granite Purski said. By now, in the back of the chopper, rose it pulled off Steven's helmet, giving Purski and Badi improved communications between them and other air assets as the granite mountain loomed larger by the second quote, we were worried as we had to use extra energy from the last engine to get over that ridge line. Purski said, after narrowly getting over it, a second granite lid ridge line came in to view. It, it too, had to be flown over. Now the big war board war bird was struggling. quote, there were hydraulic fluids and blood everywhere inside the helicopter rose said. And the tail was lower than it should be. We could tell something was wrong. Really wrong. We just didn't know how wrong. Can you imagine? No. No. No. It's it's total mayhem and then you have these pilots that are getting shot at their aircrafts filled up with a bunch of wounded guys. They're taking rounds. They can feel the rounds hitting and they still have to fly this thing. And now they've got to fly it under conditions that they've never flown under before, which is having one engine and damaged controls and not being able to communicate with each other. This is just mayhem. Back to the book, seconds after barely getting over the second ridge line, the second CH53D turbo shaft engine failed. At that moment, quote, I can remember, first lieutenant Pertsky's exact words to this day said Maccarlie. He said, mayday, mayday, we've lost all hydraulics. We're going down. I looked out of the back and all I saw were the granite cliffs. They loomed large to this day. I don't know how we missed them. And quote, rose echoed the same sentiment. quote, all I saw were those huge granite cliffs with no engines. I fully expected to crash and burn at any moment. And quote, Pertsky haulered into the radio one more time. We've lost our second engine. We're going down. The fate of the 23,628 pound 88 foot long helicopter designed to carry 38 combat troops, but now loaded with 40 plus combat troops and weapons, including all the intelligence papers, maps, foot lockers and North Vietnamese currencies from the NVA's base camp hinged on Pertsky's piloting skills and the six 72 foot long rotors that were keeping the 15 foot wide helicopter loft biting into the air, descending at a rapid rate, but at a rate better than dropping from the sky like a dead coil. After he got out a second Mayday alert, Pertsky said he was hoping a pilot or cavi pilot would say something. After a second engine went out, there was nowhere to go. All we could see was jungle and granite ridge lines. Quote, I really expected someone, cavi, scar face, the spads or army cobras to say, hey, go left, go right something, but the radio was dead silent. For Pertsky and Badi, the silence was deafening. Now descending in full auto rotation with both engines dead, Pertsky began following jungle covered canyons. I followed one gap, he said, then I followed a second gap, it led to a ravine. My biggest concern at that moment was being able to find a place just to auto rotate into. Marine Corps Dorgon Erlary Grow, who was in the first CH53 that pulled out many of the wounded men from B company earlier, said, quote, at that time, no one had ever done a full auto rotation with a fully loaded CH53 with no power. Swanson watched the large warbird descend into a canyon. Quote, it was like a depression he headed towards. It was trailing smoke. It was ugly, real ugly. I worried that it might explode in midair, or worst get hit by one of our wars hit one of those granite mountains or the jungle. From my seat up in the old trusty skyrator, I couldn't see any L.C. or any area that was open or large enough for those Marines to land that bird without crashing. By now I had heard that they were auto rotating with a chopper full of troops. It didn't look good. So auto rotating. Yeah. So basically, when a helicopter, if a helicopter loses power, you know, if an airplane loses power, you can glide. Somewhat, you're not going to gain altitude. I mean, I guess you could technically, if you get an updraft or current or whatever, but you're generally going to come down. When a helicopter loses all of its power, what the pilot has to do is let the blades, the rotor blades of the helicopter keep spinning as fast as they can while you're falling. And then basically, when you get close to the ground, you slam those things into the position. It tells those roders to they grab as much air as possible in the moment before you hit the ground and you hope that it absorbs enough energy that you don't all die. Echo, you look puzzled. Does that make sense? Not really. I think there's a lot about it helicopter. I don't know about it. Yeah. Because it seems like a helicopter loses power, the propellers just stop. But there's momentum. So just pick your sprinting. Just like a spinning stop. Keeps the blades going. All right. Like a, are you descending in the air, hit them, and keep some of the head or angles that make them spin? I'm not like a rate with the engine. So it slows down, but it's better than like he said, just fall down the sky. Right. Like those, you know, remember those windmills he's to buy when you're kid and you you see them saying, the wind. Okay. If you went into a runway, no wind and you just spun that thing. Yeah. It would spin a little bit. But yeah, as you move it, it can spin. Yes. So that's God. That's the most thing spinning. And then you laid it along. Yeah. And you know that the blades can tilt. You control the tilt of the blades. You can make them kind of flat or you can make them like at a bigger angle. So they're grabbing more air. So what you do is you kind of make them flat. So they're not getting much resistance, but they're spinning. I, and this is just like I'm, I know, I know, I know. I know, I know, I know. I know the juggle. This is how I simplify stuff. And with the rocks up in my head. And then when you get close to the ground, you slam that thing. So it grabs a bunch of air right before you hit and it slows you down a little bit. God. That's the plan. Yes. And in history, no one had ever done this before with a scene with the CH53. Okay, filled with troops because as you can imagine, you're adding thousands of pounds to it with all these troops in there. So no one's ever done this before. So we'll just say that the odds were stacked against this point. It ain't looking good. Okay. God. Continuing on, and then divine intervention, Persky and Badi saw a body of water with a little patch of beach. It was just blind luck. We didn't know what was there. Or we didn't know what was there. Or God was with us. Persky said with the blood hydraulic fluid and aviation fuel leaking and pooling in the passenger compartment, Persky headed in that direction. At first, he thought about landing in the water to buffer some of the impact of the landing. Then I remembered Persky said, we had wounded in the back. I didn't want to take the chance of anyone drowning. So we headed the wounded chopper toward what appeared to be a sandy beach next to the water, even though it was slanted to the right. All this happened in a matter of seconds. We were going down at about 6,000 feet a minute. At that point, we needed a high air speed to use the energy to keep the roaders going. So the auto rotation factor would keep the aircraft moving forward and said a dropping from the sky. The plan was to flare a procedure where the roaders angle, pitch change to slow down the rated descent and minimize the severity of impact upon landing on Terra firma. So I was right. The rocks worked. The rocks worked. Dave Berks got nothing on me. I started to flare. Thank you. We had enough time to decrease our speed. More. I pulled the collective hard. I had it pulled up to my armpit and quote, in a helicopter, the collective lever is on the left side of the pilot's seat. And it changed the pitch angle on the helicopter's main roaders. In this case, Persky was decreasing the sea stallion speed, hoping to minimize the final impact of landing in full-order rotation. Persky added, it didn't slow our air speed as much as I had hoped it would. It was supposed to cushion us. It didn't. What's more that beach had a huge boulder on it that slanted to the right. The helicopter violently landed on the angled slope, hitting the slope surface and instantly slamming to the right into the ground, ejecting several of the green berets and their montn yard tribesmen, team members, while six rotors shattered upon impact with the ground. Be Company Commanding Officer Captain Jean McCarley was violently slammed into the roof of the helicopter before being ejected from it. I remember hitting the roof of the helicopter. I remember hitting so hard. I felt my teeth crumbling to sand. The next thing I knew I was outside on a rock. We were all dazed, amazed we were still alive. Rose said quote, when you pan-cake in like we did on a helicopter and when it hits violently upside down, everybody had their bell rung. Trust me we were all hurting. Jean was bleeding from the mouth, but he could move. I remember getting thrown out of the blit, throwing out and the blades were upside down. I was bleary-eyed, still not getting all my senses back and for a moment I thought the chopper was coming toward me. And quote, McCarley said quote, Mike was standing beside us. I was wiping the blood and my crush teeth from my mouth. Then Mike said, we've got people in there. We have to get them out. I could smell the aviation fuel. There was blood everywhere. There was hydraulic fluids. The helicopter was broken by the severity of the crash and it was smoking. How it didn't explode. I'll never know how that young Marine pilot landed. I'll be at a hard landing. I'll never know." End quote. Then McCarley had one of those unique inexplicable moments in wartime. In the middle of all the rubble, the smoke, the dazed confusion at the crash site. He looked to his right and observed first sergeant Morris Adair standing in the water with a smile on his face holding his car 15. That scene was unreal beyond description McCarley said of all the times that I've been in loudside never seen a scene like this. A body of water, a nice white sandy beach. It looked just like a white. And there's Adair standing in the water as though there wasn't a care in the world. Adair says to this day, I can't explain exactly what happened that day. I came out on my own but I've been trying to figure out how ever since. When I came to my senses I was standing in water. Gene told me later I was standing there smiling. Can't tell you why I was smiling. Maybe I was just happy to still be alive after getting my bell wrong. We were bad at around like BBC that chopper went at crash. At the time, I didn't realize how much damage it had been done to my nerves on my less side of my body, my head, neck, shoulder, arms, and hip. The brief reverie ended when Rose and McCarley headed back into the smoking helicopter. Because it ain't over yet because they got guys in there. And it's f***gap. Fewer leaking everywhere. Burning. But what do they do? They go help. Rose helped to carry out SF Lieutenant Pete Landon who had only been in country one week when Operation Tailwind launched. Welcome to Sog. McCarley said, Landon, the bulltoon leader had a bad gash on his head that Rose had to tend to as there was a lot of blood flowing from the headwoon. McCarley gathered the intelligence materials, B company had collected. That was the first thing I did. Recovery to the intel documents maps currency that we had seized from the NVA base camp. No way we were going back to cartoon without them. After setting up a hasty perimeter at the rear of the broken Sikorski helicopter, McCarley returned to help. Sergeant first class Bernie Bright get untangled from the wires and debris inside the aircraft. Then they exited the helicopter to strengthen the perimeter around the back side of it. In the pilot's compartment, Perseke unstrapped Batty who had pulled a bad back compression stemming from the crash. I kind of pulled Bill from the helicopter. He was mobile but still stunned. When Perseke had set Batty down on the ground in front of the helicopter, he didn't see any SF man on that side of the bird. My infantry tactics kicked in. We circled the wagon, set up a rough perimeter. He said Perseke said, In the back of the helicopter, Rose McCarley and Mike Hagen helped the stun troops exit the helicopter. Before I led any of the injured get off the helicopter, I drape their weapons or any weapon near them around their neck so that when they set up in the perimeter, they'd be able to defend themselves, said Rose. By this point in time, we were strictly working on adrenaline. He added. So even those guys, he's got to bend them through all this freaking mayhem and they still go back and rescue their guys and then they're still thinking tactically about how to get through this. Yeah Mike Rose is on top of his game for a whole thing. Just amazing. Continuing on once again, time was working against the men on the ground. I forget how long it took from the time we crashed until I received radio contact from either Lieutenant Colonel Sexton or Kovey said McCarley. They told him that the backup helicopters fuel levels were getting low and that when he came into the LZ, we'd only have five minutes or less to get the hell out. Oh, we might not have enough aviation fuel to make it back. After dodging Russian assisted NVA attack aircraft weapons, including Russian manufactured attack weapons that exploded in midair and the fashion of anti aircraft weapons in World War 2 and hundreds of enemy ground forces firing automatic weapons and rocket propelled grenades at them pilots in the first car face, cobras that led the rescue helicopter toward the LZ were surprised to receive no enemy ground fire. The heavy lift, marine sea stallion followed closely behind the Scarface gunships due to the heavy enemy ground fire throughout operation tailwind to provide extra defensive fire power for the big helicopter captain H. Kipola. Yeah. Kipola. Captain H. Kipola was on the rear ramp with an M60 machine gun in addition to right door gunner, sergeant T. McBride on the left door gunner, sergeant T. Winnicky and crew chief sergeant Smith. Even though we had our bell wrong, when that chase ship backup helicopter landed, we didn't waste any time getting aboard it said Mike Rose. I remember H. G. G. and G. and first sergeant helping me helping people up the ramp. Marine pilot Perseke knew that he had bitten through his lip upon the crash impact, but he didn't realize how severely damaged it was until he moved up the ramp of the CH53 and one of the door gunners pointed out that his lower lip was merely hanging on by a thin piece of skin. Quote, he told me that I better hold onto my lip or I'd lose it. I do remember they changed my call sign afterwards to lip. As the sea stallion lifted off with the wounded and extremely fatigued man of V company Rose made another surprising discovery, maggots had helped to treat the two most seriously wounded team members who had been carried since day since the command post would struck by an RPG round during day one. When that RPG hit, Rose had suffered serious wounds in two places, McCarley in several places, and two engaged team members had been seriously incapacitated. The one thing I never thought about or planned for said Rose was for the use of maggots, which in the end proved to be the most likely life saver for the two most critically wounded team members. During those four days on the ground, Rose and the Montyarde medic trainee caught were kept busy caring for them, giving them extra fluid, more fun shots and IVs, but during those days, quote, flies laid their eggs in the wounds of the most seriously injured and a few other yards and the eggs hatched. According to the doctors at the evacuation hospital, the maggots got to the necrotic flesh before infection could set in and in fact did a better job of deep writing the wounds that a surgeon could do, who would have thought of it. We covered a book where that happened with the prisoner war camps in in the World War II. The medics would actually utilize maggots. They would get them to plant. They're maggots there, get the flies to plant their seeds there. So to eat away the dying skin. Crazy. Oh yeah. The CH53 returned to Dactu to refuel while the A1 pilot swans and then stomp to strode the crashed CH53. The rescue sea stallion then returned to be company to the LZ outside the top secret Saga compound in contomb. An S2 officer approached McCarley and took his Ruxack which contained the enemy currency and some of the intelligence documents collected from the NVA command post and louss. I never saw that Ruxack can nor the NVA currency again McCarley lamented. He continued regardless. The mission was dubbed a success by the folks in Saga on and at Saga headquarters. We were told that thanks to R efforts, the CIA's operation was able to regain control of the strong point. A top plateau 10 days after we were extracted on the final helicopter. We had tied down an estimated regiment of NVA and path that louss forces while destroying one major enemy ammo dump and an enemy base camp after we removed the enemy documents and maps. A subsequent DOD report confirmed McCarley's final analysis that Operation Tailwind was saws deepest penetration into louss during the eight-year secret war. The final count, three-month yards were killed in action. 33 were listed as wounded in action. A total of 33 purple hearts were awarded to the 16 green berets who served in Operation Tailwind for wounds they were served during the four day mission. McCarley required nine months of dental repair and surgery due to crashing crushing his teeth when the CH-53 crashed. Two days after the green berets returned to CCC completed their reports and got patched up by special forces medics on base. A huge party was held in con tomb base with food soda and alcohol for all the participants in Operation Tailwind, including the aviators from the HMH-5463 unit Scarface Cobra Gunship Cruise Army Cobra Gunship Cruise and some Air Force Covey pilots. Somehow the word did not get delivered to the A1 Spad pilots and ground crews from the Denang base. 47 years later swans and muesd quote, it's just as good that we didn't get the word because we were busy supporting other sog and sore missions. You know just another day in the Prairie Fire Area of Operations for our sky Raiders. End quote, to this day Rose can't touch the thumb on his left hand with his little finger due to the serious nerve and muscle damage he received when wounded on day one. On day one. So all that medical treatment he provided with no thumb in action. For more than two years his wife pulled PUSCO to trap no and bamboo shards from his body stemming from the many times he was hit with shrapnel while on the ground. A dare still stuffers from nerve damage to his neck left shoulder and arm from Operation Tailwind. But what's crazy is no green braised killed in action. That's amazing. The reconnified mass. That's just an incredible operation. Is so successful as so many levels and the fact that the Hords were coming by day four day finally reacting. Many reacted was enough to take the pressure off the CIA operation. So they were missing a cop with the bonuses of hitting the command center and then the other cache what they blew up with tons of rice weapons trucks etc. The fireworks went on for quite a while. They might be out of base camp in the spare time. Amazing. And I mean just the the mission focus from Maccarley just to get you look we get shot at while we're on insert. Yeah we got PUSCO going. We get contacted we're still going we get wounded we're still going we get more wounded we're still going. We find an enemy base camp are we going to are we going to back away? No we're going to attack it. Yeah we're going to keep going. He's relentless told me relentless. Oh I think example of a guy learned from the a.o. Applied in the field and then do it at such a level. No always change the direction so the NVA wouldn't be sure where they're gone and moving at night at night. You guys didn't move much at night normally. Recall we never did a couple of guys may have gone away with that but not us. No when we were at night we we honkered down and they had good enough weather that they could click in with you know specter shadow, stinger and it made a difference and we may have downplayed a caigine everybody couldn't even remember how many gunships they went through at night but every night they went through all they used them. Seals moved at night during Vietnam. That was like one of the things that they did that was like outside the box you know was they that's what that's one of the things that they did was they moved at night. I don't know how they did it but they did it. Yeah. Now you kind of you kind of referred to this earlier these guys do this beyond heroic operation of course no one ever hears about it because it's soggy you guys all signed at 20 year you know oath of silence on this stuff and all the air crews were told before they went in everybody you know of course they won a sky-rated people they wasn't S.O.P. with them but there's a lot of new troops coming down there but the hill cop the crews the co-operations even though they you know scar face had been doing across the fence missions for a long time they were all brief when we're done here you don't talk about it. Yeah and and we kind of breeze through it but also you heard Maccarly say that I think it was Maccarly say that because it was so secretive these a lot of these pilots they didn't get any recognition at all. I mean you're freaking flying a helicopter into an LZ where there's massive machine gun fire to extract guys I mean that's just insane bravery. Right and know again the beauty of talking to people after you write the book I taught the Tom Stump and Gene on that one point when they were together we had a reunion a tailwind reunion a few years ago in Tennessee and their Gene Maccarly said had you not done that we would have been done right then and because they were really up against the wave attacks but at point and they're low in ammo and Tom Stump he said you literally say they're ass right there and he came through the clouds somehow these A1 piles and Tom Stump those guys how they get through the clouds to get down to be critical mass danger close and to save their ass I mean and they're just wonderful we just love that's why we feel like the sky-rated piles were saints. Yeah the the seals had a relationship like like that with the with the sea wolves the the nature of the copper pilots and we've had a couple sea wolves on here and a legend freaking badass same thing same they were going like if they got the call they were going that's all there was to it scrambled the sea wolves all right cool what he got what we're gonna get you out and the sea wolf history is they were kind of like treated like Steph Jeff for sure they had to go out scrouse the whole time and yet when it came time those guys flew and they were good another legend absolutely man can heroic oh yes so these guys do this heroic operation and you mentioned this earlier and I'm gonna go to the book 28 years after one of the most successful operations run in the 1970 run in 1970 during the eight-year secret war operation tailwind CNN that's the cable new news network broadcast a disgraceful erroneous story that stained the reputation of the men who participated in that mission portraying them as war criminals and set a reporting the facts of the successful mission CNN accused the green berets and airmen of gassing American POWs held captive in louss with deadly seren gas CNN used that air laden net work work a fiction in an effort to compete with CBS's popular 60-minute program when it launched a new program on June 7 1998 called new stand the title of the bogus slanderist story entitled Valley of Death it alleged that 16 green berets and 120-indiged troops from operation tailwind had destroyed a village and killed innocent women and children while directing US aircraft the drop lethal seren nerve gas on US war defectors they said were POWs of the communist to compound the egregious attack against America's finest soldiers in airmen the next day time magazine repeated the hideous allegations in the news story written by CNN staff members headline did the US drop nerve gas it was written by CNN producer all April Oliver and CNN international correspondent Peter Arneut who produced the CNN story that aired June 7th the broadcast and time article smeared the men of operation tailwind which was conducted during the eight-year secret war in louss during the Vietnam War and run under the ages of military assistance command Vietnam studies an operation group or simply sog there was an additional political ramification stemming from the CNN time magazine report in 1998 at a July 21st 1998 press conference repudiating the CNN time report then secretary defense William Cohen said quote the charge would be used to discredit the united states attempt to curb the proliferation periffelation of weapons of mass destruction in fact Iraq immediately incorporated CNN's charges into its anti-use anti-US propaganda effort to try and deflect attention from its own outlawed chemical and biological weapons programs end quote. Cohen ordered a full scale across the board investigation of the CNN time story from all military branches involved in operation tailwind while requesting at the same time from the CIA and the joint chiefs of staffs of course these guys found up you know reported what had really happened and then there's some retractions and some apologies secretary Cohen said I think all Americans should know that the 16 men who conducted this mission were heroes but that that they had been have been hurt by this report I can assure you that you and your colleagues and your families you did nothing wrong and he's obviously he's addressing the the men. Quite the contrary you did everything right 16 Americans fought steadily for four days all of the more injured all got out alive the documents that they captured provided intelligence bananza general Abrams the commander of our troops in Vietnam said tailwind was a valuable operation executed with great scale and tremendous courage. Cohen told reporters that after rigorous review of thousands of pages of documents statements and after acting reports the military ordinance and weapon storage records quote we found no evidence to support CNN time assertions we have found absolutely no evidence to support these charges CNN and time retracted their reports noting that they could not support either charge on July 2nd 1998 in a CNN retraction CNN news group chairman president CEO Tom Johnson said an independent investigation concluded that the report quote cannot be supported there was insufficient evidence that serenor any other deadly gas was used and CNN could not confirm that American defectors were targeted at the camp as news stand reported we apologize to our viewers and to our colleagues at time for this mistake CNN owes a special apology to the personnel involved in operation tailwind both soldiers on the ground and the US Air Force pilots and US Marine Corps helicopter pilots who were involved in the action on July 13th time magazine printed in apologies to its readers had vined tailwind and apology they noted that the allegations reported on June 7th and 8th 1998 could not quote be supported by the evidence and quote in July 14th 1998 Ted Turner wrote a letter to Macartley quote I hope you accept my personal apology for the CNN newsstands recent erroneous reporting on operation tailwind this entire episode has been very painful for me as the founder of CNN however my greatest distress comes from knowing that our coverage upset those on the front line of operation tailwind the soldiers on the ground and the US Air Force and Marine Corps pilots engaged in the action and quote Macartley said in a 2015 interview quote I personally spoke to Ted Turner and he reiterated that he wrote what he wrote in the letter he also told me he was going to call the other members of our team and write them a letters of apology to my best to the best of my knowledge that did not happen and quote Larry grow a marine core helicopter door gunner who survived the operation tailwind added I felt really betrayed by CNN for allowing those reporters to publish all those lies and twisting the statements from those who were interviewed CNN showed me how the news media can twist a story to fit its needs and have never really trusted any of the other media 100% in their reporting since then. Interviewed in 2016 retired Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Mel Swanson who is the commanding officer of the daring A1 Skyrader pilots remain brutally bitter about CNN's false story quote Operation Tailwind was the classic example of inter-service cooperation in that area of operations think about it America's finest the green berets and their loyal troops kicked ass and took numbers on the ground deep in enemy territory the tactical air support from the Air Force fast movers C130 gunships are beloved age A1 H spads in combination with Marine Corps Scarface Cobre gunships army army cobras and Marine Corps dimmers raised hell in the enemies backyard we killed hundreds of these comic bastards and thanks to that green beret medic all were kept alive until the final extraction when one montnard soldier was killed until 1998 I occasionally watched the communist news network but after they ruined our reputations I never watched again it was a crime against our warriors what they did it was a travesty of justice. Amen yeah I mean obviously right now we're living in a you know this is 1998 and and the media's even more partisan and they take stories all the time and run with these stories and and a lot of times it's it happens so much that it's we forget what it does the actual people that are victims of the stories these false stories that come out and so you know you get a situation like this these guys and you know you know it's thinking about you know Mike Rose who who had to make that decision out in the jungle that he's gonna leave you know his his his in-ditch troops out there that were dead he's leaving the bodies and he's tore up over that for for his whole life since then oh absolutely and then you get a story like this comes out it's um yeah it's a it's a travesty and they knew it was coming so I mean they knew it was a story coming but they didn't know it's gonna have that negative edge to it and the distorted inaccuracies so somebody's got lined up their families set down a front to TV Mike Hagen and Mike Rose were two of the come to mind right away because they had their files hey we're gonna be all seen and then tonight and then halfway through the broadcast when that true tone comes out and the founder of the cell like your work criminals and and then Mike had to explain to his daughter Mike Rose and he was just devastated and he had to sit there and try to explain to you and these kids see things on TV TV's never wrong and look at dad with a little bit of cross-eyed but horribly impact on a personal level nobody ever hears about you alluded to this earlier because of the secrecy of sock and what you guys were doing there's a bunch of reasons because the secrecy of sock because the number of guys that were doing turnover so you got guys coming in and leaving and then the number guys that are wounded the number of guys that are killed the number guys that are missing there's a lot of sock operators that as as we mentioned earlier never met the pilots that were supporting them and so you'd get these guys and never seen yeah but then and you again you alluded this to this earlier in 2016 go into the book the first operation tailwind reunion was held at the Tennessee Museum of Aviation bringing together for the first time in more than 45 years some of the men from all of the aviation units and some of the special forces soldiers from that unique mission featuring B company commander Jean McCartley the commanding officer of the A1 skyrators Mel Swanson and the pilots who flew Marine Corps cobre gunships from Scarface the CH53 pilots and a few forward air controllers with tears in his eyes Swanson said I hope this is the first of more reunions like it to see how grateful the men of sock were for our support during those hairy pre-refire missions touches me through and through as well as the other pilots here today we always wondered who those crazy fuckers on the ground were and now thanks to the reunions and this reunion we get to meet them and I can't tell you how much this means to me on a personal level is the as the commander who sent our A1 pilots into harm's way every day to learn how much they appreciated us in the a.o. it's gratifying beyond words Scarface pilot Barry Pensick am I saying that right just handshake Pensick Pensick Scarface pilot Barry Pensick told the audience that when the Marines went across the fence into louse quote they made us change our call sign for some reason they called them mission 72 when we went across the fence whenever we ran a mission 72 for some reason they had us take off our dog tags leave our wall at home so you couldn't be identified as if you go down in an American made helicopter and you're a white brown-go-right guy round eye in an Asian country and no one's gonna know you're American I never understood the logic of that then in a closing note Pensick turned to the audience and apologized to the ladies and advanced for contaminating the spoken word with profanities to summarize the time he spent during that operation I can't think of another way to say this he said apologetically for example if someone is really good he's a hot shit if something was good it was shit hot if you get into a bad situation it was a shit sandwich Don Persky mentioned the same which we got into earlier if you had your act together you had your shit together and I would like to say that I was honored to have a week or so to spend with all these people here and a bunch of others and that they were a bunch of hot shit guys on a shit hot mission and that we got into a shit sandwich but we had our shit together in the end no shit airborne is that a great line or that is a great line that is a great line so you know one thing I want to mention is that Mike Rosen on October 23rd 2017 received the the Medal of Honor oh yeah so that's the White House for President Trump and it shows you that you know even though it wasn't known about at the time the heroism of these guys was just well that's the highest honor that that that that person can be can receive so salute to those guys and and man what a mission now I'm going to jump ahead and look we're we're not covering all of soccer on the circles by the way that was one mission to cover in this volume one of song chronicles um but one of the things that when I started reading I read a quote that said you know as of June 13 2017 there were still 50 green berets listed as MIA in Lousalone along with at least 105 aviators who died supporting song missions they are among the total of approximately 260 aviators mission missing in Lousalone as of this printing now there's a there's a story in here and I don't want to go through the whole thing um because people should get the book and read through it but on a high level because it ties into the you know this the MIAs that are still out there can you tell us a little bit about RT and truetor and and what happened on that on that operation I'll sure um they went into the target and um made enemy contact and uh they had to pull that on strings so the first helicopter came in pulled out the first half of the team RT and truetor the second helicopter came in again with strings the pull them out and they had two Americans three Americans are on on the strings and maybe one of the days I forget about the indigenous and as they're lifting off one of Robskot Tangled the trees and Sammy Hernandez felt at a ground with knocked on conscious so he's on conscious helicopter continues up gets hammered turns around spins out of control and then crashed into a granite wall or to a mountain killing the entire air crew everybody on the ropes so the next day uh the bright light goes in and um maybe in the day or two days later the bright light goes in they get to the crash site and they're able to recover all the bodies Sammy Hernandez during the night woke up played hiding go seek with the NVA found a uh found a cave or some kind of area where you get out away and before we went into the cave he his shoulder was dislocated so he pounded his shoulder back into place on a tree then he hid for the night in the morning it first light a cubby came by and he had his panel and they were able to strapped him out they came in with the bright light got all the bodies put him into body bags moving to a location I forgive they got to the top of the mountain or not but Cliff Newman was on that mission and um they went in put together of you all the bodies but it was too dark they couldn't come in and get him out that night the plan was in the morning they'll come in early well in the morning before any aircraft could get there any aircraft cover the NVA hit that team hard and bottle line they couldn't get the body sound they'd literally left them there um 35 40 years later Cliff Newman goes back in an effort to work with our uh what's now DPA department PLAW MIA County HC and it was the predecessor but Cliff went in try to find it they cooperation with the uh in business people uh forgive with the lay oceans or the Vietnamese they put them in too far away from the mountain they so Cliff went back four or five years ago again the second time and again there are two far away so Cliff is waiting for the third call to go back and uh try to help him and this is the dedication of Cliff and uh Sammy Hernandez is still alive and of course Cliff Newman was uh and Sammy we're on the first team that did the first Halo jump in the layhouse well that's one of the other reasons why I don't want to go too much deep detail right now because hopefully we get them on here to tell the story oh come back yeah you know and you you think about that you know I just was looking through um some of this information Americans Unaccounted for in Southeast Asia right now um total of 1,587 and post January 1973 they've repatriated 1,059 from Vietnam, China, Laos and Cambodia so we still have work to do there to get these guys back home yeah and even on that mission there um the morning that they went in to get to we to pull the recon team out when after the recon teams hit we had a cubby that went in and got shot down and they lost all of everybody's killed and they um they couldn't get them out right away but eventually I think it would now be maybe 10 years ago they got the pile out to recover this body and um so today yeah the one thousand five hundred eighty six remaining uh MIAs in Southeast Asia which includes Vietnam Laos, Cambodia and China and they're a few of their um piles mostly assume and uh September 18th will be the Peel the National Peel WMIA recognition day when there'll be vent held across the country and of course you have the iconic Peel WMIA flag that's now uh but authorized by President Trump to be flown off federal buildings throughout the year now every day trying to keep attention focused at that level um anything that we can do to help out on that stuff um boom well there's a lot of issues attached to it but the most important thing is to keep um keep people writing their congressmen and say please keep the efforts going forward on this for the for the Americans from Southeast Asia because what's working against this in addition Mother Nature again is the most acidic soil in the world eventually eats up bones maybe teeth and so um who knows how much longer the remains will be and um you know for my case we a spider-pat walk in the land black the MIA is the people we knew who our teammates they're now part of that and we still hope the someday at least get the remains back someday maybe not I think there's going to have to be somebody somewhere it's going to say we have to end it but until they do um the what's really amazing the young teams that they get out there for DPA they're dedicated these kids go out their army marine corps they usually take a medic an sf medic with them now and these kids are dedicated they really do a great job we like to see a little bit more coming from mid-management at DPA turns into commitment they're really pushed this thing keep it in public side and and the president Trump's been supportive of it and um that's what we can do we're at the uh we're at the mercy of time here and the effort yeah I know they would send guys I know guys in the sealed teams friends of mine that would go to Vietnam to support those operations look oh yeah it's like no inter-service rye over here no for all Americans no matter what service and it's been teams that've gone in for over 40 years now you know I forget the exact date but I think it's June no they always stopped to talk about the aircraft that was a j-pack aircraft loaded with people going for a mission aircraft and we lost several Americans as well as indigenous people working with us on that so it's a deadly mission it's been a long battle and do you have the uh the National Peel WMA family League of Families National League of Peel WMA families have been fighting this war the effort to bring home identify bring home they remains with many Americans we can and did they were the first people in any war we fought that demanded that the enemy treat our prisoners better during the Vietnam war and then they had another name I figured it was but then they necessarily became eventually became the National League of Peel WMA families the director CEO is Anne Mills Griffith she her father started when her brother went down in September of 66 as a navy back seat her in that four and that family's been involved ever since and she's been involved when the league was formally found in 1970 50 years of this effort dedicated to non-profit and her down as she fights our government she knows is respected by all the our prior enemies layoffs Cambodia Northfield they all know her they know the league and they work with DIA very closely and who do we look up where do we go to to try and give them support of the National League of Peel WMA families just Google and the pops right up and Mills Griffith's is the director CEO just amazing tough strong relentless woman she's been through three husbands and but the mission never stops she just continues to go seven days a week she worked on this stuff it's just amazing story well salute to her and obviously salute to all these all these all these that lost all these that are mission in action and man these stories unbelievable well I know you and I have some plans of trying to get as many of these things captured as we can I know you're traveling and you you might start you know might get some training from echo Charles and how to press record on one of these things absolutely and get these things you know everyone wants to hear as much of these stories as we can so hopefully we can get that going we we left some space on these last couple podcasts if if Blackjack wants to come on if if Sammy wants to come on the it's always open the doors always open here this is the this is the most friendly a.o. that saga's ever known right here in this podcast space again the show is like with you and your your fellow seals it's these guys are so damn humble I mean even I had to pull quote out of there and work at it but I will I promise I'll go back to cliff in this guy's in the Sammy he's just an amazing guy he lives down Texas and just goes on just came back and did his time in the service career soldier just a remarkable man and we got one king be pilot we were working on we got targeted indeed we're talking to captain on and he hasn't responded yet okay but when he responds I hope we can get him in because he's in both the books and so and his stories were well every king be pilot any of that is still alive and you know sadly in June I attended the funeral for captain two-ong who saved my s r team bacon so many times I couldn't even count that many protecting on Christmas day of all yeah those guys yeah I was reading through one of these where these guys were just a was that captain to long who would go in but or is it captain on who went on by himself by himself hey it's too dangerous copilot get out aircrew get out yeah I'm going by myself to go and rescue these guys so we getting shot for you yeah getting overrun yeah what that's just freaking awesome and heroic so hopefully you'd be an honor to have him on here and talk to him and hear hear about his life story so we will do that and and those king be powerful even our Americans I mean the young kids that were flying he's helicopter so fearlessly and amazingly I mean how did he get ice cubes in there blood be so calm and cool because that wouldn't be me I'm up there I'd be shit in my pants but let's get the fuck out of here I mean just sitting like okay anytime you want to go guys we're ready yeah and you know how to cycling because you just touched those little controls and then helicopters going to crash and burn yeah like an airport I was going to mention when I said one of them when I said you know first lieutenant so and so I was found this thing I was I should have mentioned hey by the way what that means is this guy is 23 yeah you know this guy is not an old experienced pilot with thousands of flight hours he's 23 but like you said he might not have time but he's got ice he has blood totally out there in a hold station with a freaking helicopter while you're taking disco 12.7 millimeter rounds into the side of your aircraft yeah like like with the limb black story the judging executioner all year they came to our rescue time and time again and then with Lynn they came and fried the team and mowed down a wave attack buddy NVA they couldn't land took off and continued to fight you know you you you talk with such a reverence for all the other service branches and it's the same you know when when when we were in the battle of Ramadi there was just no rivalry whatsoever and I've never had I didn't really have some big rivalry going into it I'd never really cared I was thought we were on the same team but some people some people take that stuff pretty seriously but man on the ground in the battle of Ramadi it was just brothers and and across the board and sisters as well because there's females they're fighting and females that were killed in action and but just nothing but reverence for the soldiers the sailors the airman marines that we work with salute to all of them and and certainly I know you feel the same way as you talk but hey once again thanks for coming back we got to get the sog cast going we will do it maybe I'll take the post garage record course and how to record I'm telling you all right go I go might be able to take a few thanks for coming on and and more important thanks for everything you did to protect our way of life here and and thanks for what you continue to do to support veterans here talking about the MIAs that what you've done with your veteran organizations it's awesome and it's just an honor to know your and it's honored to call you and brother like what brother thank you appreciate it thanks man like a bad dream we'll be back and with that tilt has left the building unbelievable opportunity to sit here and talk to these guys and learn these stories so many stories you know after we after we turned off the mics I started getting kind of crazy talking to tilt I was saying hey when you're talking about 600 hand grenades getting thrown each one of those hand grenades that gets thrown by the enemy into your position is a whole story there's a whole story behind it hey grenade you know right where to come from I got them over there start putting down fire I'm like that's a whole story each one oh god wait Jimmy's wounded each one of these events 600 grenades each one of those events is a micro story yeah each one of these hey in in two lines in this book that we just read in two lines it's like um hey there was enemy bunkers who were cleared by the montn yards yeah wait wait a second that's a freaking chapter two chapters or three chapters or a whole book in itself clearing up enemy bunker filled with the or the NVA fighters what's happening what are we talking about so to be able to sit here and talk to these guys and and and tilt wasn't on that particular mission but he has you know he has first hand experience in the a.o he lived through it and it's just awesome so I appreciate the opportunity to do this and and one of the reasons we have the opportunity this is because y'all give us support support support support as we like to call it echo somebody wants to support this podcast here and while they're supporting this podcast they actually want to provide themselves with some support yep is it closer support not really but it could be considered on some level it is well let's just say this it might not be closer support but it is definitely support it is support for sure and you know for one self you know to support others you do have to support yourself right like I said I said it before I say it again it's like you know when you're in the airplane and oxygen mask comes down what are they instructed you to do put on yourself then you help your small infant child whatever the case so kind of the same situation all right so we're working out we're keeping ourselves on the path on the path isn't just such some so-tark thing by the way it's keeping your shit together dang I like it it is 100% in every way you can by the way mental physical uh social social meaning like this your relationships with people in and outside your family anyway you understand you're gonna know if you're doing something off the path versus something on the path you're gonna know pretty clear so anyway so when working out we could benefit from supplementation we could use some air support some air so 11 of support yes there you go support is way better than no support yes it is 100% so jocco has you covered we have you covered we all have ourselves covered as well jocco fuel supplementation for you joints important they're important okay so I'm I'm I'm not one of these guys who have these crazy joint problems but from time to time I'll get jammed up you know the kind when you wake up you walk down stairs if you walk down stairs too quick you're like you can feel it you seem saying you didn't know what I'm talking about you don't feel that that's what you say I certainly don't admit it I thought we were all friends here you know but I will say and the point to this and the quasi story is that when you think back to those times when you're like all stiff or whatever just general stiffness and now you don't have it it's like it's it's a godsend this is what it is you don't miss those days we don't want to feel it yeah and it's it's not a big deal when you forget it when you don't realize it it seems saying but anyway I realize it a lot so that's why it is important to keep taking your joint warfare and cruel oil those are for your joints discipline discipline go this is the brain body supplement keep you mentally in the game keep you sharp you have a groggy day boom helps you out that is also RTD can it's like an energy drink in the form of like a bad word it's like an energy drink is something that you drink that makes you feel good for 45 minutes until you crash and burn and you have a freaking insulin level spike yeah and you feel like crap because it's filled with sugar and a bunch of chemicals what's going on here no sugar no sugar well how does it taste good because it's sweet and with something else called monk fruit which is actually good for you it doesn't have 700 milligrams of caffeine no it's got 95 milligrams of caffeine yes good for you you get that little afternoony hitter yes so to sum it up I guess it's a brain health drink in the form of an energy drink loosely we'll say loosely we haven't figured out what exactly we've made it's a new category potentially yeah it's good nonetheless got some good flavors on there good some flavors coming up oh as well it's so exciting not there you go I'm not saying it's my new flavor I'm not saying it's not my new for I'm just saying we have some various flavors coming up anyway yes that's discipline and discipline go there's also the the capsules you know if you're in a in a rush or would have you yeah there's that also vitamin D3 and cold war this is for immunity so keeping your immune system is keeping it up keeping it strong that's important definitely as opposed to unimposed especially right now yes well I don't want to get into a whole debate but I think that immune system is important at all times okay that's what I think I'm going with it all right I'm very very cool also what we got milk jocco milk protein in the form of dessert all different or dessert in the form of protein you know what I'm saying yes they do yeah same deal with some new flavors coming out and I'll tell you what I'll tell you what we got some flavors coming out oh for oh yes yes and they are legit legit you want to know what one of them is yeah smashing pumpkin it's like I didn't even know what this was yes yeah I didn't even know what this was I didn't even know what this thing yeah be a little sensitive to me he goes he goes dude you gotta try this and I'm like send it yeah it sends it out and I wasn't even I didn't even know I liked this flavor smashing pumpkins yeah but well smashing pumpkins is a band yeah okay you already knew that your fan you're a smash pumpkin absolutely yeah me too actually anyway that's a band pumpkin spice the flavor is like a thing like oh yeah and I didn't know that yeah and that makes sense because I mean I knew of it but just in the past like few years or whatever it's been getting a lot of like teasing and stuff like oh pumpkin spice I don't you know that I don't know anything about that I know yeah I mean I have to pull this flavor down because it's a week no I think like since it's been in the what he call like spotlight or whatever and people will be like oh I don't know it's like they've been teasing it for some reason like you're some prep you okay well you can tease pumpkin spice but trust me you're not going to tease smashing pumpkin well here's the way you also said smashing pumpkins that's plural that's a band that's not the name yes smash pumpkin we're going singular yeah yeah I dig it because you know we want to want to in fringe no no no you don't know you don't know in fringe but no the pumpkin spice so that's the thing where it's almost like part of the reason or part of the whole teasing culture of it for lack of a better way of putting it um was that everyone likes pumpkin spice but you know like it's like if you're like tough you don't want to like admit it like everyone it pumps the spice freaking delicious in your cafe latte or whatever like whatever it's always still everyone knows that you know that's like kind of the thing that's why I'm I'm going to be on some a little bit excited for pumpkin spice first smashing pumpkin we're not doing pumpkin spice we're doing smashing pumpkin because I'm starting to see the connection here that you're making I think I like it so we're doing something called smashing pumpkin yeah and it tastes good but it's filled with protein that will make you strong turn you into a destroyer there you go yeah there you go we got a malk we got to go out there yeah protein for me dessert also what we got to jocquawaiti can you that are you into deadlift doesn't even matter because once you should be you you that's true it's highly recommended yeah to deadlift and if you're gonna deadlift you might as well deadlift 8000 pounds and one of the quickest ways to do everything's looking for a hack I got a hack for you you don't want to worry about what your periodization is going to be for your deadlifting well it's kind of a pain well you do you drink jocquawaiti and your deadlifting 8000 pounds by the way guaranteed yeah and if you can't well that's kind of on you yeah and but I mean and that is good I kind of painted myself again I know I out you saved the I appreciate it man well hey look if you're not into deadlifting and I get it I'm not going to get a little bit over it you can't over it you can't over it you can't over it you can't over it it's very nice all right so you can get all this stuff at origin main dot com you can also get it at the vitamin shop and pretty soon you're going to be able to get the RTD drink the jocquaw discipline go drink at well you're going to be able to get it at wall wall in Florida and Virginia very soon so beyond the lookout for that we're going to have a little we're going to have a little operation go get some yes it's going to be good also at origin main dot com they got some good jocquawaiti stuff American made jocquawaiti so you just throw the word good out there like it's not good yeah when actually it's the premier jocquawaiti stuff in the world yeah yeah I guess it's like one of those things little understatement you may not know around here I got your back I got your sex cover move thank you anyway they got jeans as well good jeans I say good as opposed to not good okay what are they not good as in the best things you can put on your legs ever yes in the history of America pretty much jeans boots t-shirts hoodies what else I think recovered it anyways it bunch of good stuff and it's all made in America shorts that's right shark fin yeah they got some good stuff on the how about this go origin main dot com look at everything they got over the over there all American made and you might be thinking like well you know that sounds good you know I could use some stuff for that stuff for the other thing but you know I like to do things that are beneficial to the world you know I don't want to just consume right well guess what good origin main you get some of that gear you are contributing to the world you are bringing the manufacturing back to America got a bunch of hard working American people up there making it happen and when you support the cause you are doing good for humanity that might seem like a big step it's true yeah and it's interesting we talked about this before you don't care that much of you about it how well the fit of the jeans are delta 68 and the factory jeans yes or domain dot com also jocquoise a store it's called jocquoise store and this is where you can get your apparel as it were if you want to represent while you're on the path as we say so you know this is this one equals freedom to sure it's hats do you know what bone feed these are yes I do you don't know yeah so this is a good bone of feedies you're just out in the wild and maybe you want to you know if you run into someone else it's kind of on the path maybe a trooper but you don't walk around hey hey how's it going hey are you in the game it's like no you just put the flag on man you put the flag on put the death core flag on yep that's and someone and you know what you're not gonna get bothered but somebody will give you a look you little head nod like what's up yep maybe a little maybe a little yeah what do you call it heart hitter heart hitter yeah but yes that's where you can get it jocquoise store dot com dot com we got some board shorts on there summer wrapping up summer are we wrapping up well I mean no we are definitely wrapping up summer but you know I know some of us operate more on a Hawaiian type schedule so summer might be kind of past but some people may still be one of the board shorts but they're actually in Hawaii well how would this the board shorts because that we currently have their multipurpose board shorts you can swim with them surf with them do you do to and them or just wear them wherever they got to wear a forecasting like I'm doing right now yeah that's gonna do a uniform right there but yes did make they do make the cut yeah they're good but yeah a lot of good stuff on there yeah if you want if you like something get some don't forget about warrior kids soap from iris oaks ranch you can get it on on on jocquoise store dot com but it's a kid or your kid with a company who's making soap because his vision to help humanity is to help people of the world stay clean also for the month of September Irish oaks ranch is donating one dollar per bar of soap to cancer research yeah yeah that's can cancer awareness month soap boom so what we're doing uh subscribe to this podcast check out some of the other podcasts that we have jockel unraveling which used to be called the thread but we change the name so jockel unraveling soon to be on its own feed we have grounded which we really haven't recorded in a long time we need to get that done and warrior kid also not recording a long time but you can listen to those podcasts you can subscribe to those podcasts and this one and we also have a youtube channel I think the main value of the youtube channel and this is maybe kind of serious is for those of us who like to watch the podcast two reasons want to watch the podcast as it goes on like if you have a flat screen or you know these one of these smart TVs in your office or your gym or whatever you want to play it for me on some visual what do you call it like association you can get a job start tomorrow looks like sure yeah oh yeah there's that for sure but you know when you have it playing in the background seems like you're more in the conversation anyway it's for that and also the excerpts we have on there so you know like you can get little little as you and the ophon would call them little or big hitters were you trying to get me to say hitters no I I wanted you didn't you don't know what I'm saying anyway that in my opinion that's the nice yeah subscribe to that also psychological warfare in the album with tracks jockel tracks of jockel helping you get past your moments of weakness if they come if they come let's face it they come they come oh yeah for sure and yes this will help you so you can get on amazon and wherever you get MP3's from all good yeah flipside canvas dot com my brother Dakota Myers company and yeah guess what guess what if you want a little visual representation they kind of keep you on track check out flipside canvas dot com and get something to hang on your wall graphic representation of the path also got some books obviously these books here by john striker mart across the fence on the ground sog chronicles also don't forget about whiskey tango fox trot by black jackland black we got the code devaluation to protocols we got leadership strategy in tactics field manual we got way of war your kid one two and three we got Mikey in the dragons we got this political freedom field manual and by the way there's a new version of that coming out extended version is be advised a little bit some additional information for your knowledge and also extreme ownership and that I caught a new leadership also have a consulting company called national on front where we teach leadership principles and we solve problems through leadership we also have ef online ef online if you have a question that you want to ask me you sure you could send it into the into the uh into webs face bookie twitter the gram you could try and ask me questions look sometimes I get to them or you can come on to ef online dot com and come to a live webinar where I am sitting there in front of my computer answering questions go to ef online dot com coming hang out basically coming hang out we have something called the muster where you come and physically hang out and learn about leadership we've had to cancel a few of them because of the covid virus but we have one coming in Dallas Texas December 3rd and 4th go to extreme ownership dot com if you want to come to that we have ef overwatch where we take people from the military that have the understanding of the principles that we talk about and we place those people into the civilian sector into companies in the leadership position go to ef overwatch dot com if you're a company that needs leaders we have america's mighty warriors dot org mommily mark least mom her mission since she lost mark since we lost mark has been to help service members around the world in all kinds of different aspects if you want to get on board you want to help out go to america's mighty warriors dot org and you can donate or you can get involved and if you want to hear more from us you can contact us if you have questions if you have answers if you can fill in the blanks of some of the blanks that we get to you can find us on the interwebs for till pro john striker mire he's on twitter at sag john instagram is at j strike or mire and facebook is at john striker mire on the interwebs he's got sag chronicles dot com and if you're looking for either one of us to knuckleheads echo is at echo Charles and i am at jaco willink and thanks to till of course for coming back on to share the stories of sag the sag chronicles and more important thanks to tilt and all his brothers and arms for their service and their sacrifice especially those who are still missing in action we will not forget and we thank you and all of our military for keeping us free and to the police and law enforcement and firefighters and paramedics and EMTs and dispatchers and correctional officers and border patrol secret service all of their first responders out there holding the line thank you for your service and sacrifice to keep us safe here at home and to everyone else out there don't go around thinking that you're hot shit and that your shit doesn't stink because you're bolshitting yourself and if you do think that you are the shit then things will likely shit the bed and then they'll go to shit and you'll end up in a shit sandwich and likely shit a brick when you realize that your upshits creek without a paddle right there is some deep shit so instead focus on getting your shit together and then keeping your shit in line and look we all have a shit ton of work to do and not just chicken shit either but the real shit that can make us tougher than shit and that is no shit surelock so until next time this is echo and jockel out