 This is Jockel Podcast number 97. With echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening, echo. Good evening. To the master's stone Mason in the town of Mansfield, greetings in God, much beloved parents. If my small letter finds you in good health, I should be mightily glad. What concerns me, I am pretty much in health. Here in the white country, will have to die all of hunger. All is burnt, and the Russian army has carried off all subjects. As they had such a fear of us, and there is no food to be found, because nobody is to be found in any town. Whatever a house is found, it is empty and dark. Dear parents, I have to give news of our last battle. As we had already gone hungry for three days, and March day and night at five in the morning, we marched into this battle with a cabbage stump in our stomach. And we were in, in it until the evening. And then we again had nothing and could not eat for tiredness. Only cann in fire from morning to evening. God has helped me out of the third battle, also without harm, though the bullets hailed down pretty well, as if one were to take peas and throw them at someone. But none got me. The whole cavalry is lost. Now I want to write you about the Russian town of Missouri, Moscow, which is seven hours walk long and as wide and the Russians put fire to it. For four hours it burned and then it was extinguished. And we were stationed before Moscow, and I don't know whether we are going forward or back. I don't know what to write, except that you will shortly see many cripples without arm and leg and so many must die pitifully of hunger and terrible dangers. Russians appear all the time for the last battle. Let's end now. Finally, farewell and stay healthy until we speak again. Many greetings to brothers and sisters, brothers and law, and sisters and law, to the Baltans, the Crogans, and all good friends and acquaintances. And I am quite well, if only I can live. Farewell. I remain your faithful son until death. Johann Andreas Warnick. So Napoleon, who is often praised by many, including myself, praised as a military genius, and he was one of the first military leaders to effectively utilize psychological warfare. And this included most famously, his bulletins, De La Grande Army, which was sort of an update. It was like a newspaper that was sent out while the campaigns of France were being embarked upon, and that was his media, so he had control of it. And he also controlled mail that his troops sent home and made sure that it painted a positive picture of what was happening down range. And that is where that opening letter came from. It was actually excerpts of a letter, but it was confiscated by the military of the Kingdom of West Folleah, which was a vastly state under the first French empire, which was Napoleon's empire, and the Kingdom of West Folleah, which is a German piece of land, and it provided hundreds of thousands of soldiers for the Napoleonic wars. And when I say provided soldiers, I should say specifically conscripts, which are basically slave soldiers. You have no choice, you will go and fight. And over time, West Folleah was eventually conquered by the Russians for a period, and then some of the confiscated letters survived and ended up as historical documents that explained what was happening on the ground. And that's where that letter came from, through old Russian files, where they had this letter. And again, we make a habit of glorifying Napoleon, and I have done it right here on this podcast, which is actually pretty substandard behavior for me. Since I always try to listen to the voice, and hear the voice, and understand the viewpoint of the foot soldier, the front line troops on the battlefield, because that is where the fighting takes place. Those are the men that execute the plans of the general, and that is where the wars are actually one. And history as a whole has a tendency to forget about them, because generally, it's the admiral's and the generals that write the memoirs. But in this case, we are going to hear from one of Napoleon's grunts, a guy by the name of Jacob Walter, and he is a German conscript, who was fighting for France. So this is a guy grew up in Germany, but when Germany was became part of, and became a vassal state, like a subordinate state of the empire of France, then he ended up fighting for France. But even more, and you're going to find this out quickly, he was fighting for his own survival. So let's go to this book. The book is called The Dairy of an Napoleonic Foot Soldier, by Jacob Walter. And here we go. In the year 1806, I was drafted with many of my comrades in the military service in the conscription at that time, and was assigned to the regimen of Romeic. In the fall, I traveled with the regimen to Prussia, in the campaign which Emperor Napoleon with the princes, then his allies was conducting at that time against Prussia. And this is interesting, because I've talked about on this podcast before, the Battle of Jenna, and what happened at the Battle of Jenna, and what happened at the Battle of Jenna, is that the Prussian army was defeated, pretty savagely by Napoleon's army, and that made them make some major adjustments to the way they ran things, and that was kind of the beginning of decentralized command from the German perspective. But this guy, Walter, Jacob Walter, was actually there. Now this is what's interesting, and I go take some time to paint this picture of the way these soldiers operated back then, first of all they marched just about everywhere. And sometimes they'd ride horses, but most of the times they marched. And when they marched, what they would do is just whatever they were, whatever village they were in, they would go in and get quarters in that village. They'd go in, hey, we're here, we need to stay in your house, and we need to get fed, and that's what they did, and people allowed them to do it. I mean, bunch of people with guns, show up at your house and say, we want food and beds, you know, these people gave them what they wanted. Sometimes willingly, depending when they were traveling out of their own country, so when they were in Germany, they were in their Westphalia, the locals, as they were leaving, the locals would give them, hey, they would support you, it's a military guy, we'll support you, and then when they got into enemy territory, they would be, have to be more forceful. But here's how it starts off with him marching. We were given good quarters everywhere, which kept me always healthy and cheerful in spite of the continuous marching. Furthermore, I was only 19 years old, a fact which caused me frequently to participate in thoughtless and dangerous enterprises. I think he was getting after it as a young 19 year old. And this is another thing that's interesting. So this guy, these conscripts, they weren't permanent soldiers, they were more like reservists, where they would go and fight, and when the war was over, they'd go back home and continue with whatever their job was. And so that's what happens to him. He, you know, gets tasked, he's only 19 years old, boom, you're going to go fight, he says, okay, he starts going and marching. Back to the book, in this city, it happened in my quarter that a comrade wanted to force the landlord to sing. However, he refused to do so, sitting the whole night on a bench near the stove weeping. Since this man could not sing because of his sorrow, sorrow, soldier humble wanted to frighten him, took his rifle, cocked the hammer, and shot. The bullet passed by me and another soldier and lodged in the wall. I wanted to mention this in order to show how the soldiers were running wild at that time. So like I said, when they were in their own country, they'd get good support, and everyone would take care of them, but then the further they got into other countries, they had to use force. A spy who was in the village, a spy who was a village smith was brought before the guardhouse. He had letters and orders to tell prescience of our strength in manpower. He was laid on a bench and whipped by two or three corpals. Two men had to hold his feet and two his head. His leather breeches were stretched out and water poured on them, and then he received about 150 blows. At last, he could no longer speak because he was half dead. After this experience, the smith was taking to the Threshing floor and shot. Blows with clubs also were heaped upon many innocent people in this city. So these guys are... Things turn bad real quick. Things turn bad real quick, and I can't even imagine these days where there's a lot less accountability. And you have 19-year-old soldiers coming into towns and just basically doing whatever they want. Back to the book, finally, when light fire now they're getting into a... in attack situation, finally when light firing began upon the outpost, or commanded to attack by waiting through the rampart ditches, with fan scenes, with fan scenes, to tread these in, and to scramble up the outworks by chopping and shoveling. When I stood in the ditch, each first soldier had to pull up the next one with his rifle. The ramparts were of sand, and everyone frequently fell back again because of the attack of the enemy, or just because of the sliding sand. Yet in that place, the huge cannonballs flew above us, and it was so violent that we would have believed the earth would burst to pieces. When everyone was almost on top of the earth work, the pressons were slaughtered with great vigor, and the rest took flight into the gate. Then we too wanted a game possession of the gateway in order to enter the city, but at this critical time, many of these pressons were shot along with our men by small and large guns, and the gate was closed. Since all sorts of shells and rockets broke out of the fortress like a cloud burst, we had to take flight. Those who meanwhile were scrambling up the outworks had to jump from the fortress into the mode along with their prisoners, and all the rest had to do likewise. During this retreat, many fell on bayonets, many drowned, and many of us were also brought into the fortress as prisoners and sent away to Danzig by sea. Now it's interesting, this guy, the way he writes, the matter of fact, as to what happens. And again, this is a relatively, I'm going to take you through three campaigns. This is the first one. The last one is the campaign in the Russia, the famous Napoleon's famous March into Russia to try and take Russia and everyone knows how that story ends. It's not good. But this first one is, like I said, against the pressons, back to the book. One morning, the pressons surprised the Polish camp from the sea with their ships, as it happened before Easter. The cannon fire on the poles was so heavy that they could not withdraw fast enough. Their cannonballs also traveled more than half again as far toward our camp as our balls did across the water, since the surrounding swamps were frozen, and the balls could roll along on ice so fast that one ball took off the feet and legs of 10 or 12 men. Frequently both feet of the same man. During this blockade, the pressons frequently made attacks, although every time with great losses. One of the nightmare that is, you're standing on frozen swamps, and these cannonballs are being fired at a really low angle and just screaming across the ice and taking out 10 to 12 guys, legs, feet. Going back to the book when I arrived in this field, I hastened to look for my brother, who was in the Lillinburg Regiment. Here we met, embraced, agreed in one another, and joy filled our hearts. Then he took me into his barracks and gave me trousers, shirts, and several other pieces of clothing, which I needed since, as I've already said, I lost almost everything at Colberg. So, he's at the same place, almost everything at Colberg. So, he's out there, and his brothers also out there fighting, and they happened to run into each other from time to time. Back to the book, while the enemy had to defend themselves around, and in the crowded part of the city, a terrible shelling of light and heavy artillery broke in upon us, and all of us had to abandon the positions we had taken. Large mines were exploded in the breastwork, everywhere their flu rockets, so-called pitch rings, which could be put out only with small boxes, as they fell on the ground. If anyone would, or could be an onlooker at frightful explosions, he could get the finest view at a fortress attack, which is more remarkable, which is a more remarkable sight, by far than a battlefield. The bombs and grenades, crisscrossing in the air, in such great numbers, all floating like balls of fire in the air, and exploding or bursting in the air, or on the ground with a small cannon report. The slow-assent of each shell, the fast descent, often also a collision of them in the air. All this is a sight of moving beauty. So, you get the, you get kind of a sense for how much firepower, and again, you don't really think of that very often, of how these battles would take place, and how much firepower there is, but there's obviously massive amounts of rocket fire, grenades, cannons, rifle, horrible. And that's the first section that first campaign against Prussia's, relatively short, they achieved victory in that campaign. And he goes back, like I said, he goes back like a reserveist to his normal life, and when he goes back to his normal life, survives that way for a while, or lives that way for a while, and then he gets recalled again, going back to the book. While I was working in various ways to, at my trade, after the Prussian campaign, the war with Austria broke out in 1809, and I was called into the Garrison at Stuttgart. And what this, this one is a little bit more of an insurgency. They're putting down the Tyreoli and insurgence in this battle. Relatively short. But here's where they are holding up a fort, basically. Back to the book, we fired through the loopholes, and from the wall with cannon and small guns. During the heavy-shelling, a shot of man in front of the garden house, as he came in a little way forward toward the breastwork, and aimed into the loopholes. But after I shot and he suddenly fell, several others wanted to carry off this dead man, and as was often done. However, the more openly it was done, the more often other men were hit too. Finally we fired with cannon, throwing projectiles into large and beautiful garden houses, setting them all in flames. On the third day, the enemy could no longer hold out, because of the heavy artillery fire, and moved back into the mountains. So here's a classic lesson, a classic lesson of combat. If there's a wounded person, you can't run out and get him. You have to suppress fire, and that's exactly what he's saying here. He shot a guy. Somebody came out to try and pull him back. He shot that guy too. Somebody came out to pull them. You shoot that person too. What you have to do is suppress fire when someone gets wounded. As hard it is to do that, that's what you have to do. When you say it's hard as it is to do that, because your friend is wounded, you kind of, the automatic thing is to go get a real quick. That's exactly right. That's exactly right. It's an emotional attachment. It's an emotional decision that people, most people are tempted to make. Hey, Echo shot, I'm going to go save him. So I run over to save you, and I get shot too. And again, that campaign, you know, you could hear the the insurgents go back up into the mountains, and he cares on a little bit with that. But the focus that I wanted to get to today was this campaign in Russia. So here we go back to the book in the month of January 1812. I was recalled to the garrison of Shornin' Dorf. And they know that they're going to Russia. They know that that's where they're heading. But they know it's going to be tough. But here we go back to the book. Here's about their attitude. I and all the soldiers were very merry. Always singing and dancing, especially since throughout the entire wordsberg country. The quarters and eating and drinking were very good, particularly because of the large supply of wine, so that everyone had his field flask voluntarily filled with wine and his pockets with cookies at the time of departure. More over the beautiful villages on the main river surrounded by vineyards, fruit trees and grain fields, put everyone in a happy mood. About the middle of March, the army continued on its way through Saxe, co-burg, where a wooded and mountainous region began, the pine trees were especially plentiful. So I was also thinking about this. You're a working class guy in Germany in the early 1800s. You're working your job day to day. I don't know what you do. What are you? Let's say you're a metal worker. Let's say you're a stone layer of a mason of something. Whatever your job is. But you're working hard. You're getting your paycheck. Probably not great. And then all of a sudden they say, hey, you want to go in a little adventure. You're going to get to take what you want. You get to go out. You're going to get good food. I can kind of sense that attitude. And it's the same thing that happens with military guys today. Myself included where you know, I'm growing up in a small town and everyone just kind of lives and dies into small town and all of a sudden there's an opportunity to go out and just get after it, live adventure and see the world. You know, that needs to say that in the Navy. You know, join the Navy and see the world. Hey, that sounds cool. Yeah. And that's kind of what this is here. Especially this guy's been veteran. He's been through some wars. Been through some tough fire fights and obviously seen some significant casualties. But at the same time, he's a veteran that he's come back. So he comes back to his, you know, like I said, I don't know what his civilian job was, but he was laying stones or pounding on an envelope, shaping metal or something like that. And all of a sudden, hey, you know what we want you to go out and live in nice matters that you that you take down or that you you get quartered in and they're going to feed you great. And it continues back to the book in the city of Leipzig. Anyone could see what was going to happen since many Frenchies as could slip through came crowding through the gates. Leipzig was packed with soldiers and I was in quarters with 150 men. The landlord to whom we were assigned put us all in one building, the former theater building, which was a hundred feet tall, a hundred feet long and sixty feet wide. Chippel rows of tables stood ready in the hall, very beautifully set and loaded with beer, brandy, butter, cheese, and white bread. After all, it sat down, everybody ate and drank while eight servants brought in the warm meal, which consisted of white soup, two kinds of meat, and several kinds of vegetables. In addition, something cold was served for dessert and drinks were served in abundance throughout the whole afternoon. We stayed here two days until the line of march formed by columns and the departure was ordered. So, like I said, living the pretty good life back to the book and then we went further and came to first involved a middle-side city in Brandberg district. We were still very lively in this town, singing and living cheerfully, although we could imagine the unusual campaign before us. But everyone always believes in and hopes for the best. I also looked after my savor and made it very sharp at a turners and tempered it in fire so that it would not break off. The march was continued to pull in through the village of Reppen, where the use of German language stops, and the manners and cultures made a strange impression. It was the month of May, and the air swarmed with May bugs, so that amazingly, so amazingly that it was hard to keep your eyes open in the evening. The bugs were so very thick that they darkened the atmosphere, and everyone was busy shaking them out of their face and hair. Here it became necessary for each person to seek and cook his own provisions. Although requisitioning was forbidden, so you weren't allowed to go out and just take stuff, still. But you can see things are starting to get leaner. However, everyone still had his full strength and courage would still alive in every soldier. But from day to day, privation and hunger increased, and it became necessary for the regiment to requisition and slaughter livestock so that men could have some meat in addition to the potatoes and grits which they found here and there. Bread was rare, and there was nothing at hand to buy. So again, you can see as they move as they move to the east towards Russia from Germany through Poland, and there's food is becoming less. And they had left in January, if you remember, and so now it's May. So the weather is actually even though there's a lot of bugs, but the weather's, it's hot, which, the Russian campaign, there's one of the best defenses that Russia has. Maybe if maybe the best defense that Russian has, and that's the Russian winter. But right now it's spring. It's springtime in Poland, so still not that bad yet. And back to the book. Now the orders, now the orders let us from foreign to Miriam Poll. The march went through Seaburg. The roads were sandy and dust covered, and dust covered are clothing. And you're going to see how very quickly things turn for these soldiers. Back to the book, Daily The Hardships increased, and there was no hope of bread. My Colonel spoke to us once and said that we could hope for no more bread until we cross the enemy border. The most anyone might still get was a little lean beef, and hunger made it necessary to dig up the fields for the potatoes already sprouting, which were, however, very sweet and almost inevitable. Inedible. One also heard everywhere that several men had already shot themselves because of hardship. In particular, an officer had cut his own throat on that very same day. So again, it's very interesting that way he writes, he's sort of matter of fact, but we've already have people that are starving, and they're starving, they're marching, and it's bad. It's bad enough that people are killing themselves. Yeah, kind of seem that that came out of nowhere. Yeah, and I skipped some pages, but I didn't skip that many pages. I didn't skip that many pages. It went pretty quick from pretty decent living. It's two pages. It's three pages in the book, from pretty decent living, singing and living cheerfully, to we got officers that are cutting their own throats. Yeah. And this whole campaign takes place in less than a year from January, they're back by December. And they haven't, by the way, what's interesting, they haven't met the enemy yet. Right? That's what's, that's what's, that's what's going to, you know, as I'm reading this and as you listen to it, you think they haven't even met the enemy yet. They're just already, already people are dying, already people are killing themselves. Yeah, and I don't know how much this he talks about this, but he says, because of hardship, like what just, just, just, marching, marching, and starving being called being uncomfortable, privation, suffering. Straight up got too much. Yeah, and, and your, your light at the end of the tunnel is combat with the rushes and a rush in the winter. Yeah. Going back to the book, we believed that the rushes would wait, oh, oh, sorry, back to the book, finally we came to the memo river where the Russian border was. We believe that the Russians would wait on the other side of the bank and attack, but nothing happened. Bonaparte fired upon the high points held by Russians with a few cannon and sent his cavalry across the water. The Russians, however, withdrew after a short encounter. And this is, this is, is so cool to hear this because this is the Russian defensive tactic. You hold, you, you don't hold the line. You hold the line of a little bit, and then you, and then you retreat. And you take, you know, you, you, you inflict some damage on the enemy on the invaders. You inflict some damage on them, and then you retreat. And then they, when the enemy attack, when the invaders attack again, you inflict some damage, and then you retreat. And you're just drawing them in and drawing them deeper and deeper and deeper into Russia. And what they didn't expect, what they didn't expect was that what the Russians did was very smart. When they retreated before they retreated, they destroyed everything. They burned the houses. They, they killed the livestock if they couldn't take it with them. They dug the fields up, so there was no food. Because that was the standard. The standard is, as an army is a soldier in this time, you, you lived off the land. You didn't need to supply chain. You just lived off the land. Okay, we got, we'll find some, we'll hunt some meat, and that's a beard dinner. We'll dig up some, some crops that are, that we find, and that's what we'll eat. Oh, and we, for shelter, we need to carry shelter with us. We'll just stay in the houses. So the Russians, very smart. They destroyed all that. And the French were not expecting this tactic, and it was very, very effective. Back to the book on June 25, the army went over the bridges. We now believe that once in Russia, we need do nothing but forage, which, however, proved to be an illusion. The town of Ponyman was already stripped before we could enter, and so were all the villages. So they, they thought they might be living high on the hog. But didn't happen. Back to the book. He ran there a hog ran around, and then was beaten to death with clubs, chopped with sabers, and stabbed with bannets, and often, and often still living, it would be cut and torn to pieces. Several times I succeeded in cutting off something, but I had to chew it and eat it uncooked, since my hunger could not wait for a chance to boil the meat. The worst torture was the march, because the closed ranks forced all to go in columns. The heat and dust flared up into our eyes as if from smoking coal heaps. The hardship was doubled by the continual halting of troops whenever we came to a swamp or a narrow road. Often one had to stand for half an hour, then another such period, we spent catching up and judging away without food or water. So this is, this is something that anybody that's done any kind of forced road march in the military can appreciate. You come to some kind of a choke point, like let's say you got people walking down a road, and there, let's say, ten or fifteen guys are breast and just marching and walking. And you get to something where it's a choke point. So now all of a sudden only three, it's like a traffic jam. Only three people can go across this walking bridge at a time, so that means everybody that gets their has to stop. Well, the people that got their first, when they get to the other side, they keep that pace going. So by the time you at the end of the tail, an hour later or a half an hour later, when you get across, you've got to now run to catch back up. And so it's just, it's painful. And of course on top of that, you have the fact that these guys have no water or food. Back to the book, during the third night, a halt was made in a field which was trampled into a swamp. Here we were ordered to camp and to make fires since the, since neither village nor forest could be seen, and the rain continued without end. You can imagine in what a half numbed condition everyone stood there. What could we do? There was nothing that we could do, but stack rifles in pyramids and keep moving in order not to freeze. So it just went in a day, it went from hot, and this happens out in the desert too. It's hot, and then all of a sudden at nighttime you're freezing. And these guys are, they get told to build fires, well guess what, there's no wood. Everything had been burned. They all they could do is stack their rifles. Back to the book, we had to march further toward Dissina, where we arrived in the middle of July. The men were growing weaker and weaker every day, and the company's smaller and smaller. The march was kept up day and night. One man after another stretched himself half dead upon the ground. Most of them died a few hours later, several, however, suddenly fell to the ground dead. The chief cause of this was thirst for in the most districts. There was no drinking water. There's no water fit for drinking, so that men had to drink out of ditches in which we're lying dead horses and dead men. Another thing we take for granted these days, we got little pumps, little filtration pumps. You can go to a water with a dead horse in it, and you can filter that water out, or you can put an iodine tablet in it, and you're going to kill the bacteria, and it's safe to drink. These guys don't have that choice. They're either going to drink this disease, ridden water, or they're going to die of dehydration. Now they get to another village, and here we go back to the book, and another well-plundered village, nothing could be found in the houses. And so, urged on by our hunger, we dug in the ground. Here, I, with several others, removed a large pile of wood, which had probably just been put there. We removed this, dug into the ground, and found a covered roof of planks. There was an opening under this from 10 to 12 feet deep. Inside, there were honey jars and wheat covered with straw. When we had all this, we opened the jars and saw solid white substance with the appearance of hard wax. It was so hard that one had trouble breaking off a piece with his saber, but as soon as it was put on the fire, it all melted away to very clear honey. Now I had honey to eat for a week, although without bread. So, they are occasionally finding food that is deeply hidden. There's a couple other instances where they find food that's been hidden by the locals, but it's not enough to go around. And you can imagine how you're feeling when you're in tired diet, it's just jars of honey. Back to the book on the morning of August 17th, every regiment was set in motion, and all advance in columns against the Russians. Here, every regiment without exception was under fire. Again and again, the troops attempted assaults, but because of the greater number of the Russians, we were forced back every time. On this day, since their heavy artillery stood on heights and could hit everything. Finally, by night, we had made good our position on the heights overlooking the city, and the battle was discontinued. So, they attack again and again and again, but the enemy has the high ground, so they make no progress. They take a little pause for the night time, back to the book, the night time lasted three hours at most, with the glow of the sun continuing. So as soon as the day broke, we marched against the city. The river was crossed below the city, the suburbs on the northern side were stormed, set on fire, and burned up. My company's doctor named Stubble had his arms shot away in crossing the stream, and he died afterward. No longer could I pay attention to my comrades, then therefore, new not in what way they perished or were lost. Everyone fired and struck at the enemy in wild madness, and known could tell whether he was in front in the middle or behind the center of the army. Finally, while cannonballs kept on reigning out of the city, we stormed it. With the help of heavy cannon, most of the supporting peers on the high old city wall on which the Russians were defending themselves from the inside were partially destroyed. We broke through the gates, pressed from all sides against the city, and put the enemy to flight. When I entered the city, we went toward the co-coistors and churches. They had many holy images and alters as ours do. The only difference was that there was no holy water. So, there's so much fighting going on. It's so bad he can't even keep track of who's dying and how they're dying. They don't know where the enemy is. Eventually, they pound the Russian positions hard enough with artillery that they are able to break through. And when they get in there, they go to visit the churches. And they're hoping that it can find some water, but they the Russians even took the holy water. So there's nothing to drink. Back to the book we resorted in the evening to the former camping ground. Here once all the wounded men being brought together to be operated on in a brick kiln which lay on the heights above the city. Many arms and legs were amputated and bandaged. It all looked just like a slaughterhouse. On August 19th, the entire army moved forward and pursued the Russians with all speed. Four or five hours farther up the river another battle started, but the enemy did not hold out long and the march now led towards Meshasek. Called the so-called Holy Valley. From Smolensk to Meshasek, the war displayed its horrible work of destruction. All the roads, fields and woods lay as those sewn with people, horses, wagons, burned villages and cities. Everything looked like the complete ruin of all that lived. Although every day our numbers fell off considerably. That line hit me pretty hard. Everything looked like the complete ruin of all that lived. And he's saying that for every one soldier that they had lost, they're finding 10 dead Russians. And again, that's another thing, another tactic of the Russians. They're just going to draw you in and they've got people. Got massive numbers of people. And they're willing to fight nutrition warfare and give up their people as they surrender to do as much damage to the enemy as they can. And what they're doing is they're spreading out the logistics train. They've destroyed the support mechanism that you would use by going eating what food was in the village. They destroyed that, they burned it all. And so now your logistics train gets completely spread out over these horrible roads. And that's how they know. That's what the Russian tactic. And then when they once they've done that, they wait for winter. Back to the book, in such numbers where the Russians lying around that it seemed as if they were all dead. God, how I remembered the bread and beer which I had enjoyed at home with such an indifferent pleasure. Now, however, I must struggle half wild with the dead and living. How gladly I would I renounced for my whole life the warm food so common at home if I only did not lack good bread and beer now. I would not wish it for more all my life. But these were empty helpless thoughts. Yes, the fall of my brothers and sisters so far away added to my pain. Wherever I looked, I saw the soldiers with dead half desperate faces. Many cried out and despair if only my mother had not borne me. Some demoralized men even cursed their parents and their birth. Napoleon. Back to the book, on September 7th, every core was assigned its place. And the signal to attack was given. Like thunderbolts, the firing began both against and from the enemy. The earth was trembling because the cannon fire and the rain of cannonballs crossed confusedly. Several entrenchments were stormed and taken with terrible sacrifices, but the enemy did not move from their place. Now the two armies moved more vigorously against one another and the death cries and shattering gunfire seemed a hell. Nine entrenchments were stormed. The French threatened to surround the enemy from the front and finally the enemy gave way. Within a space of an hour and a half long and wide, the ground was covered with people and animals. There were groans and winds on all sides. And that battle right there that he's talking about on September 7th, that is the bloodiest single day of all the Napoleonic wars. There's about 250,000 men that attacked and there was 70,000 casualties in the first day. And so I always refer to the battle of the song where there were 60,000 casualties in the first 24 hours. And so here we go, that's 70,000 in one day. Back to the book, we moved forward and camped by a forest on a height facing Moscow. It was a wood of green trees. Here we not only had nothing to eat but also no water to drink because of the high campsite. And the road through the fields was still covered with dead Russians. And this is another interesting point that happened in this battle. I talked about how they destroyed everything, destroyed the fields, killed all the livestock or drive them away. And make the people leave. There's just, there are just barren wastelands. Also, the governor of Moscow, he opened up the prisons and let all these prisoners out. I let all these people out of prisons, just to add to the mayhem. Now, going back to the book, Napoleon refused that peace treaty proposed to him. And that's actually, that's what he says in the book and that's actually not what happened. There was Alexander. He didn't accept the peace offering. So they got, you know, hey, Napoleon said, well, you know, we made it to Moscow. Do you want to have peace? The guy says negative. You know, Napoleon was probably going to try and bargain for something, but he gets told no. Back to the book and the army, which had advanced some 30 hours farther had, that further on had to retreat. Because the Russian army stationed in Moldavia was approaching. Now it was October 17th and Napoleon held an army review and announced that a departure for October 18th early in the morning at 3 o'clock with the warning that whoever should delay one hour would fall into the hands of the enemies. So now they're getting told, all right, you fought hard to get here. Now we're going to retreat leaving it free o'clock in the morning. From Moscow, the road led south through Mayo and toward Kaluga. Here, the humanity of the commanders began to mount. The remaining troops weapons were inspected and many who did not have to weapons fairly rust-free got 12 to 20 strokes through the club until they were near desperation. Needless to say, this is not good leadership. Hey, you want your people to keep their weapons squared away, but if you're actually going to beat them and make them less combat effective, you better find a better solution for your situation. Here we go back to the book, the enemy attacked us. The enemy army behind us shattered all the army core, leaving each of us then without his commanding officer. Those who were too weak to carry their weapons or napsox through them away and all looked like a crowd of gypsies. Everything was in confusion and during almost the whole night the throng had to retreat to Moshe'sick, everyone running so as to not fall into the hands of the enemy. Because of these considerable losses, cannon, munition wagons, coaches and baggage wagons by the hundreds had to be thrown into the water and where that was impossible all wagons were burned, not one wheel being permitted to remain whole. So now as they're retreating, they've got to, they don't want to leave this stuff behind, so they're thrown into the rivers and setting the wagons on fire as they're retreating in total disrepair and disorganization. The shrieking, the firing of large and small guns, hunger and thirst and all conceivable torments increased in the never-ending confusion. Indeed, even the life seemed to seek supremacy for their number on both officers and privates was in the thousands. In these days, it snowed for the first time and the snow remained. The cold arrived at the same time too and the freezing of people multiplied the number of dead. No one could walk 50 paces without seeing men stretched out half or completely dead. Similar situation that militaries seemed to get into is lack of good winter clothing. It happens all the time and that's what happens here. These guys are not prepared for this type of situation. They're not prepared for this cold. The distress mounted higher and higher, and horses were shot in eaten. Because I could not even get a piece of meat and my hunger came to violent. I took along the pot I carried, stationed myself beside a horse that was being shot and caught up the blood from its breast. I set this blood on the fire, let it coagulate, and ate lumps without salt. The Russians advanced and waited us at Minsk. Everyone hastily fled, canon were thrown into the water. The hospitals were nearly all left to the enemy, and as was commonly rumored, the hospitals were set of fire and burned with their inmates. All the time the greatest misery fell upon the poor sick, who usually had to be thrown from the wagons just to keep us from losing the horses and wagons entirely and who were left to freeze. Left to freeze among the enemies for whomever remained lying behind could not hope to be rescued. The march had to go on, and the striking, clubbing, and skirmishing commenced so frightfully that the cry of murder echoed all about. The caustic advanced upon the army from all sides. Again and again people died, and sometimes froze to death. These were people who pressed toward the fire, but were seldom permitted to get there. So they died away from the fire, and very often they were even converted into cushions in order that the living would not have to sit in the snow. You've got situations where you're not only fighting against the enemy, but there are also the troops robbing and fighting each other, and in some cases murdering each other. He talks about this, and I'll talk about it a little bit more. I jumped into them, and the fires, and what happened was there's so little fuel for the fires that they would form teams of six to eight guys and gather up wood, and then that team would sit around the fire. So cold, and if you're not extra fire, you're going to freeze to death, but if you didn't participate in helping to build the fire, then you don't get to sit next to the fire. So if you were too weak, if you were too hungry, if you were too thirsty, and you couldn't do your carry your load, and get firewood, you weren't going to be permitted to sit next to the fire, which man you're going to sit out there 20 feet from the fire and you're going to freeze to death. After the book in every bivouac soldiers who look like specters, crept around at night. The color of their faces, their husky breathing, and their dull, more muttering were horribly evident. So wherever they went, they remained hopeless, and no one allowed these shades of death to drag themselves to the fire. Usually six, eight, or ten of us had to combine to build a fire, since no other wood was to be had except rafter pieces from burned houses, or trees lying around, shattered wagons, etc. And without the cooperation of the men, nothing could be accomplished. Neither did we dare to fall asleep at the fire at the same time, because no one was safe from stealing and robbery. Officers were beaten away from the fire just as private's were, whenever they tried to press forward without merited claim. Only mutual support still procured true friendship. So they didn't care anymore. If your officer doesn't matter, if you didn't put out and build this fire, you're not going to get close to it. And I mentioned very quickly, lice, and he at one point he hooks up with a major, and they kind of become swim buddies trying to work together. And here we go to the book, we came to a lumberyard and built a fire there. When the major had become somewhat warm, his subjects, and by subjects he's referring to lice, played him with unusual wickedness. And for this reason, he asked me to kill the tormentors in his shirt collar. I did it, but when I had opened his collar, his raw flesh showed forth where the greedy beasts had nod in. I had to turn my eyes away with abhorrence and reassure the master that I saw nothing, telling him that my eyes hurt so much from the smoke that I could not see anything. These pests, however, were no less to be found on me, thousands of them. However, because of my constant restlessness, they could not get to the point of forcing me to treat them with flesh. So the lice is actually eating his friend, the major. And lice are no joke. Yeah, body lice. Like what kids get from school. I don't know if your daughter's had it yet, but she will. Well, I remember back when we were in school, it'd be like in your hair. Yeah, for sure. For sure. That's where it starts. I don't think it was seen or heard of it. And actually, I read that section to my wife because my wife, like all moms, absolutely despise lice because when they come home from school, it's just total nightmare. Everything's got to get squashed into my daughter's all had crazy, long thick hair. And so it would be hours of picking through that hair trying to get the lice out when that would break out. But, you know, that's the thing is you have the treatment for your shampoo. You have you clean your clothing. And so it's gone. But what happens if you don't do that? What happens if you don't do that? What happens if you don't have any shampoo? What happens if you have to wear the same clothes over and over and over and over and over again? And by the way, you can't take the clothes even off because you're free to death. So what happens? You've got a nice little home for the lice and they start to eat. Eat you. Yes. And also, and so this whole time, obviously they're retreating. They'd been defeated and they were retreating this whole time and they're still being attacked. There's still being attacked by the Russians. Back to the book, the Russians press near and near from every side and the murdering and tormenting seemed about to annihilate everyone. That day, we expected that everyone must be captured, killed or thrown into the water. Everyone fought that his last hour had come and everyone was expecting it. And so they're kind of trapped. And that's what he's saying. He's expecting that everyone's dead. We're all going to die or get thrown into the water and they get to a bridge. And there's actually two bridges. One of them gets destroyed. And now there's all these guys trying to get across one bridge to get to safety. They're being attacked. Back to the book. Everyone crowded together into a solid mass and nowhere could one see a way out or a means of rescue. From morning till night, we stood unprotected from cannonballs and grenades which the Russians hurled at us from two sides. At each blow from three to five men were struck to the ground and yet known was able to move a step to get out of the path of the cannonballs. Only by filling up of the space where a cannonball made room could one make a little progress forward. I think that has to be one of the most insane situations that I've ever heard of. You're standing in a mass of people, hundreds and hundreds of people trying to get across a bridge. And there's very slow movement. You have nowhere to hide and there's cannonballs from two sides that are ripping through the people and the only progress you make is by stepping on and filling the holes of where these men have gone to the ground and died. And by the way, you're starving thirsty, covered in ice, freezing. And this is always encouraging back to the book, moreover, here in this region Napoleon had left us and fled with the fresh reserve troops, herring home ahead of the army. The general cry was save himself who can. So again, myself included we do a lot to glorify Napoleon, but here he is, his men are trapped and a fresh group of reserves show up and he high tales it out of there with the fresh reserves. He eventually gets across that bridge and now they're just, they're just every man from self, but it's not really every man from self because they got a link up with a couple of other people to support each other, to protect each other. Because it is, it's just chaos. Back to the book, it had been the fate of many hundreds when they sat down because of weakness or necessity that their clothing had been brutally torn from them and when they could not defend themselves, they froze to death naked. So now you got the choice, you know, oh, I see you, you got to stop either you're tired or you're weak or maybe you just got to stop and go to the bathroom. Well, I see you in a compromise state and I come over and just take your clothes from you. And I come off you quite because I want to be warm and it's you or me. And that's there his own team that's his own team, his own team right there. And it just again, obviously like I always have to do with these books. I mean, it goes on and on and on and on brutal brutal. Back to the book, by the end of December, we reached the Polish border along the memo river. Now I was free and left to myself again, as soon as I noticed the trail, I wrote as fast as I could and so now he's got a horse. One day along the road, I came to a noble man, no woman's, mander house at which I asked for bread and obtained not only bread, but also butter and brandy for there was a servant there who could speak German. And so that's it. I mean, almost as quickly as it all started once he gets back to Poland he gets a horse and he rides until he finds a nice mander house. And also, it's not really a concentration of troops anymore that are showing up in these towns. Now it's small groups. It's not like thousands of soldiers are coming in that need to be fed. It's dozens at a time. And so there's actually the food and necessary means to support small numbers of soldiers that are coming in. And so it's, I don't want to say it's anti-climactic, but it is a little bit because once he gets back to Poland and gets a horse, it's like it's over and he gets a escapes from all that pain and misery. And we get to another town I came to Ortalsburg and for the first time was given regular quarters. He was just Christmas Eve, a date I would not have known if I had not learned it from the landlord. But I also washed myself for the first time, but I could not read myself of the likes. We met a column of Bavarians who were on route from Coneyxburg to the gathering place at Plok. They told us the news that the Whartonburgers too were gathering in front and that the Germans all had permission to go home. Hence, I was one of the last to come to Thorn. The same night I lodged in a house and bought some bread and wine for free quarters were not to be thought of. One could scarcely creep along the streets on account of the throngs of people. Early in the morning I traveled across the bridge and saw with astonishment that the city during this year of war had been developed into an important fortress. However, they had used only wooden walls and sand around the high walls. I now grew weaker and weaker and only with great exertion that I reached the city. Here I reached the third convoy of our people and presented myself immediately to the commander who asked, where are you from? From the army was my answer. You are also one of those Moscow Bums he retorted and that was my welcome return. One of those Moscow Bums. So just to explain what those Moscow Bums were, they started with 685,000 men and had over 400,000 killed. That's almost 60% killed. And I think what's what this book gives me is such a classic example really of not only how to act, but also how not to act. So from a leadership perspective, keep your people informed of what is happening. And that's one thing that struck me about this book. Oftentimes he's had no idea what was happening, what was going on, what was the next move. They did not know what was happening. Another thing, and this is clearly a lesson that we talk about all the time is, if you got to be humble. Because from Napoleon's perspective, he thought he could pull this off, right? But he underestimated Russia's strength. He underestimated the time it would take. He underestimated the readiness of his own troops. He underestimated their strategy. So again, lesson learned for the millionth time, be humble. And then getting to this, this, this, this, this, this, that closing statement about Moscow Bums. I think that is a great reminder to treat people with respect. And we talked about this, I think it was the last podcast or maybe the podcast before. That doesn't mean you have to respect people. Because if you don't know them, you can't just give away respect, but you treat people with respect, because you don't know what they've been through. You don't know what struggles they've seen. How would you know that? And so when you throw out things like Moscow Bums, and you don't know that this is a guy that's been actually through hell. Don't do that. And the last thing, you know, again, to take away from this book, for me, is to remember. You know, not just you in the business world, of course, remember your frontline people. Remember what grind they're going through. Remember what it feels like to them to be out on the job site or in the factory or on the frontline doing sales. Remember what that is. But also for everyone. Remember the actual frontline troops. The suffering, the fear, the discomfort, the cold and the wet and the hunger. Remember that reality of war. And remember that it impacts those young soldiers and those young Marines. Remember them because it's really, really easy to forget. So I think that's all I've got from the diary of an Napoleonic foot soldier. Pretty epic read to hear that side of it totally different from sitting here and reading Napoleon's Maxims. You think about his wonderful brilliance. Bailing on his guys. Oh, fresh reserves are here. Cool. I'm going to use them to get out of here. And you know, I get it. I was just reading another book. I can't recommend they give it off top of my head, but it was it was talking about. You know, as a leader, you're supposed to stay alive, right? Like you can't take unnecessary risks as a leader. You can't be at the front of the assault. You shouldn't be. Sometimes you have to be, but you need to stay alive. And so maybe you could give Napoleon a little credit there for that. But maybe not, maybe not too much. Yeah. So this one time on site and felt where George. Do you really want to go right now? In a way because it sounds, but this, that just what you said right there, this is because this seemed what like this seems like what Napoleon was like. Signfeld signfeld. So George this real, real kind of this guy. A fire breaks out and he pushes over an old lady, some kids, you know, take to escape. To escape the fire. So after the fire, there was no fire. It was just some burnt burgers or something. So they're questioning him and he's like, and that's what he says. Kind of what you just said there. He's like, I had to lead these people to safety. And if you know, all his loss if the leader dies kind of thing, that's what he was saying. And what's looking at them like, oh my god. They're shaking their heads. Yeah, like, right. We saw what you did. You stepped on the old lady going out. Kind of thing. So you kind of, he's kind of that deal. I think that's what Napoleon did. Yeah, I would tend to agree with you. And it's, you know, and then in the Navy, the captain of the ship goes down with the ship. Right. That's like at least he's the last guy off. Yeah. At least at a bare minimum he's the last guy off. But sometimes he goes down with the ship because he's trying to fight it and save it the whole time. Yeah. Yeah. That's the kind of old thing. The kind of old thing. I can carry that out. But he came back from this and got exiled and everything was, you know, his life was ruined. But you'd sound like he ruined a hell of a lot more lives than just his own with this experience. Yeah. Interesting. How he kept mentioning the lies. You know, like that's good when they do that because it really does give you a feel of like, you know, you know, it's a little thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it's a little bit. It's a little bit costly there. The boom, boom, or the hunger or the cold when it's just constantly there because you don't really think of that. You know, you think of the firefighting and the bombs and then you know, those big things. But all those little things adding up. Yeah. Because the lies are constant. Just constantly eating you. Is that what life does eat eating? Yeah. Yeah. Are you sure? I don't know too much about life. I just know that my wife freaks out when they come in the house. Yeah. Which when you got four kids, there was times where we just had a, you know, a nice epidemic in the house. I come home and it look like Ghost Busters showed up and we're securing the proper quarantine. Yeah, quarantine But you have that opportunity for these guys You pick up some of that stuff in all these books what those soldiers are suffering through you know whether it's You know jungle foot foot rot trench foot Yeah, you just your feet are getting destroyed by the weather and we get the stores on your back Just all these things all these things you like Travis Mills remember you was talking about The salt stuff on oh yeah, you're back or whatever the salt crystals forming Yeah, I say no one told me about that and I heard you know a lot of my friends have been to come No one talked about that stuff, you know They were hot sweaty for a long period of time with no showers and human don't humans are you you're not used to that You're not used to people are used to that. We're used to shower every day. Yeah, you know Fresh bar of some time to this yeah, if you're training it But you you can't get used to it's like your feet right you know some people are barefoot all the time like my son It's barefoot all the time he can sprint on Jagged rocks with no effect. Yeah, he doesn't even notice it like Tarzan So it is not quiet. Yeah with me I'm all sensitive you know the feet because I got our shoes And I try and try and harden them up when I can but when I lay they have been on the road too much my feet are weak Weak Makes me angry when I see my son sprinting across jagged rocks as if it's nothing Yeah, tough for the new girl. Yeah, that makes me mad I can't even fake it either no you don't I mean you try and act all tough when you're walking yeah Trying act like it's not hurting. Yeah, but it hurts. Yeah, yeah, I had that too weak When I moved here from Koi I had that where if you were all tough because yeah, you go barefoot When you wear sleepers all the time you go barefoot everywhere. But the person are different bro For those of you that don't know Hawaiian slipers are flip-flops, but flip-flop I wear flip-flops all the time too. Yeah, but it's totally different right but you don't take them off all the time No, so It here's to give you an idea of how common being barefoot is on In elementary school. I went to school with no shoes on before and no one said anything And if you go to school with shoes on you take them off immediately because you go run around and recess and stuff like that You don't you don't you don't ever tell you that story about my son So My son was homeschooled for a while sure and when he was homeschooled he was he would serve a lot Even by even by his standards for my standards, but one time he cut his foot on the reef And he came up to the house and My wife says you know hey go clean that out put a bandaid on it put on some socks and shoes And he says no my wife says what He says no she says hey go clean that out put a bandaid on it and put on some socks and shoes now Otherwise, it's gonna get dirty. He's like no she says hey go and put a bandaid on that clean it off put a bandaid on it put on socks and shoes And he says I can She says why not And he says I don't have any shoes So it had been since he was homeschooled and it had been a really long time And since he had had to wear shoes Yeah, and so they hit out grown in shoes so it had been months since he had had shoes No need to buy all right. Don't need those things. Why you know those things So so yeah after that it was We I did I when I got home I had to she says hey go take him to get shoes. I said why she's this You need shoes because he cut his foot on the reef okay. Well, why do you get him shoes? So the same thing Was you Barefoot just if he was just barefoot all the time and he's still there for a lot done yeah Just for his feet or tough yeah So in feet and then now You know you come to the mainland where you wear shoes all the time and We don't wear shoes in the house and you know why that's a thing and so still you know But if you have like a carpet or something like that To feet get saw yeah Bummer Well remember those little things that people out on the front lines are are putting up with and suffering through on a daily basis Yeah, kind of seems like that book escalated quickly with the hardship it did and I think it called everyone off guard Yeah, yeah again. I like to try and think about the guy the guy's back then and they're thinking oh cool You know I've been working on my Whatever crappy job I have and then all of a sudden adventure time yeah, yeah, and good food time Why I get treated like a real time yeah, and and then they roll into the Russian campaign It's no not so much it's actually the exact opposite Yeah, one second you're eating bread and butter and wine with a brandy brandy wine cheese and then the next minute you're Killing your friend for his clothes. Yeah, I did yeah, I didn't Cover some of those sections where he's getting robbed. They're gonna kill him. I mean he's only guys You know or different there's another little you know because it's French soldiers and There's some German soldiers that are on the same side, but what do you think happens when things go crazy? All of a sudden they start forming there on the gangs, right? They're gonna stick together horrible horrible well speaking of crappy jobs Yeah, maybe you could do a crappy job of telling us how we can support this podcast Actually, I'd prefer you did a good job. I want to try to do my best Oh back to that way you were just saying the You know you form into little gangs yeah in times of did that happen Hawaii too? No on time felt no I'm gonna say anyway. No, there's this move. It's called the divide I think it's called the divide I'm pretty sure it's like this weird Movie and some apocalyptic thing happens in the beginning and everyone like retreating this apartment building retreats to the basement Where the superintendent or somebody lives and this guy is uh He's like a one of these duels day prep her type dudes, you know, and and I think he even has a manual or some he wrote a man I don't know, so they all look at but it's everybody it's like you know Apprent a girl with their her daughter You know some dudes some you know, they got the broad cross section of society Exactly right and I don't I haven't seen the movie, but I know the plot. Yeah, check But that's what that that's essentially what the movie is about right there where everyone's just we're all just people right We all live in this building. We're all kind of and then They start to just divide into teams and groups and they fight and and the harder stuff gets the more violent it gets So they end up like killing each other and all these ways like certain people have certain assets So they can offer like value to this group, you know kind of thing and it's all within like who becomes a dominant group The dominant evil group is uh is he's just two friend guys The person who lives is just the one girl only one girl lives. Yeah everyone else dies You know when we're another. Yeah, it's it's a weird spoiler alert, but yeah It's weird because you don't know Like who caused the bomb you know it all that so there's a group by a core mac macarthee called the road This is a book. It's not a move. Well, they're actually there is a movie. Yeah, but You don't know what happened there either just everything is different now and it's different and gray and dark and everything's dead There's like nothing living No plants are living nothing is living and there's humans kind of wandering and and trying to try to survive It's a great book, but yeah, but yeah, that's the the movie essentially they just kind of omit all these details like that doesn't make sense That's why the movies weird but when you think about it that's what the movies about we should book Con Mac MacCart the the road on the website for people to Get along with the dire even Napoleonic foot soldier so people get this. This would be a hard one to get I don't know us a rare book. I don't even know where I got it from Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, either somebody mailed it to me Which I appreciate if it was you let me know Or I just had it. I don't know. I don't know where it came from my books are out of control right now Yeah, yeah, it's good man. You have a dope little collection. Yeah It's not too little anymore. Cool. Well support I'll try my best here to not do a crappy job to not do a crappy job. So origin talk about origin Origin main dot com that three can go for all the cool origin stuff Supplier of yes Jocco has supplements Jocco supplements. Krill oil joint warfare Too very good essential. I would say essential. Yeah, like if you're working out in stuff Actually somebody asked me yesterday which someone said hey on a budget God sort joints Krill oil or joint warfare. That's a hard question that might be the hardest question I've gotten on the podcast Yeah, because I honestly I take on both all the time So I don't know which one It is the better one. Yeah, I do you know what I recommended though? I said join warfare Because I know the joint warfare I have noticed specifically my shoulders jacked up and The joint warfare it was like healing so with that I said hey Go with the joint warfare. Yeah, at least to start with if you can't get both yeah For sure and I would say I could I could do muscle ups for like six months. Oh, because you're sure Yeah, that's jacked up, man. Yeah, and you know me. I don't even say anything. I just I work around it Like for a while I couldn't do any keeping pull-ups. I could only do dead-hanging pull-ups That was the same as my shoulder It was my shoulder. I couldn't what I don't know why and you know I would go see some of those I go see physical therapists and I try and explain to them what's going on and they they try and overlay their their their they try and overlay their vision of my problem into me Like for instance, it makes no sense That Kipping pull-ups would hurt but dead-hanging pull-ups wouldn't right why does that make sense? Yeah, that's what happened That's what's going on. I mean I could do ring dips, but I couldn't do ring muscle ups. I couldn't do it because it was injured So you know and I all I do is I I'm out of fire the workout is the best I can you know and I for a while I was the only doing dead-hanging pull-ups and so I would do weird things I do dead-hanging all different grip pull-ups I do dead-hanging weighted pull-ups. I did all kinds of different things to get through it But I still like to do keeping pull-ups and And eventually now I can do muscle ups again and I can it's it was hurt for that's a T-shirt for it was hurt for about six months, but I've been back in the game now for I don't know Why did you do it how did I do what the shoulder? Yeah no idea just like general use General usage Greg was Greg Curtis back Messed it up. Yeah, no, I saw me yesterday. You know how he did it? Yeah, opening the window and his bed From his bed and his wife locked the window his wife locked the window He's telling me and I was laughing and I think he thought he might have thought I was like laughing at him like oh You're getting all kind of thing, but I was laughing at that. I was laughing at just the idea of injuring your back really bad by laying in bed Yeah, opening a window. That's that's like people telling you get after it if you weren't in bed and you know He was trying to let cool Aaron right used to hot so he's trying to get more comfort yeah more comfort than laying in bed That's irony right? That's what that is I don't even want to I want to knock on wood because like I don't I don't even say anything when someone gets injured man. I hate it because I hate being injured that's a weird thing too is When you get injured You think that injury it seems like the injuries gonna last forever. I always have that feeling like this is just never gonna go away Because you don't notice these incremental little things, but when you get injured If you remember the fact that there's tiny tiny incremental progress being made and you keep working and keep doing it Eventually it's gonna heal and you'll be joyous again. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you'll be joyous again You appreciate that too. You know like when you're out and you're like Here can remember that day when I was fully not injured Yeah, it just shows to not go train or not but then when you're injured you're like oh my god You do what you can People ask me that all time. How do you what are you doing you can't you? Would you can't do what you can't that's what I did like I couldn't do muscle ups. Okay cool I would do ring dips. I would do other I would do every other exercise around muscle ups Except for muscle ups themselves because I couldn't do them at that time Now I'm back in the game Keeping pull ups are back. Got that joint warfare. Yeah got the jacked joint warfare. Get it And krill oil and tell me I think I think you should do both that's what that's what my opinion is and that started for me Years ago when I went on krill oil and glucose mean Condritten and now of course we have it in the glorious Super krill Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah and you're supporting the podcast Which is good. Yeah, so that's a good one get that for your joints Also Gees and rash cards a lot of times people when they start jiu jitsu and this actually this this was going on since the beginning People be like what geesh it again. Yeah, yeah, and Let's be at the time I was like okay, and actually origin was one of them but I didn't know as much about origin I was like yeah, they're cool and then The one I saw was like Kind of expensive so it was like yeah origin school if you want the high-end one and stuff like that and it was cool But origin has all levels no actually not true. They don't have all levels. What do you mean if you want to get a $28 G no okay Now you can't you can't get a level of level g. Yeah, you can get medium or awesome. Yeah, so okay It's good point to the medium is because the first gear ever bought was $40 Yeah, see I have never been lasted three weeks I bought one for $99 and it was yeah, it was really really bad. Yeah, and I don't even know the brand I don't know if you had a brand but yeah, it shrunk to the point where it like it fit normal and it shrunk all almost up to my elbow By the way, yeah, so to me if The next one I want to say was like 120 was like a ranger one of these brands out of not forget and it was fine Oh, I know the brand. I'm not gonna say it to hate on it, but it to me it shrunk and yeah, that cool nonetheless Now that I have a or origin gear have two of them by the way. They are way better And I'm not I know just you're looking at me like it just sounds like oh, I got this and it's way better the thing is it is now It is straight up way better Yeah, and they have different kinds of leaves or whatever, but they have and really the point there is when people ask me and if you're wondering What get get go on the website and you can see whichever you know like if you if you're like hey, I want the Cadillac one Which I recommend by the way because it's extra dope or or you know you just want the regular one. They're all good Quality all made in America too by the way and rash cards rash cards. Yeah, Pete just sent me Three rash Did you think That they just don't one or the ones American me American hands yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, but wait did he send you the other one? He didn't send it to you. Which one does it has? I'll give you a hint it says it's got the chemical formulation for sodium on it. Do you have that one? Okay, you'll see it Yeah, I saw some samples, but yeah some good rash cards and they fit good to so and again I'm not gonna say the brand name, but this is a very good kind of high end combat sports brand rash cards G's I'm not gonna see the name because it doesn't matter because it's a matter of opinion anyway So I'm an influence away, but I got some rash cards and I was like cool. They looked open. I'm like cool, but you put it on and it's They just didn't work out Like I can't wear this because just how it fits and stuff like that was it baggy It was baggy, you know, I was like I tried to make a joke because like if you have a baggy rash card Dude, you need to start jacking some sticks. Yeah, and he started I gave him that spot Raskar's baggy I agree with that, but it was weird because it was baggy in certain areas Yeah, that's weird. I don't know either way or didn't mean calm It's some cool stuff Also, it's made in America no big deal. Yeah from beginning to end here You're just funny you just said the whole thing, but the actual one of the best things about Origins made in America. That's yeah, that's awesome in my opinion. Yeah with American hands Well then again, I don't know think about this what if it was all made in America? It was you know then legit from from the cotton grown All the way to the end product, but when you get it the rash card fits all baggy Serenaries, I don't know kind of defeats the purpose really well. Yeah look what happened to cars in America in the 80s right? People started buying Japanese cars because the American quality they wanted by America with the American quality wasn't there Yeah, now yeah, but at that time period yeah, you're you're Rearview mirror was gonna fall off But yeah, it's kind of like you know all I don't know if you ever had a friend or something Or maybe yourself you start like a clothing brand right? I remember back when I first started you'd see like everyone that was kind of like the thing start a clothing brand Start to get to month three start a clothing brand. Yeah, that was kind of like the joke, you know and So a lot of people they not a lot I don't say a lot of people, but some people they here, you know then you that that's kind of the the textbook process You start your brand you give away Right your stuff to key people and you know hopefully it kind of takes hold and takes off So Sometimes I'd get the shirt and the designs are cool for the time they were cool, but then when you put on the shirt It doesn't like fit character, you know because when they got the blanks Yeah, they just were like hey, I got a Cut cross hey, it's a blank black shirt. Yeah, you know what's the difference kind of thing but the thing is there is a difference The end when you put it on Bra the design can see outstanding, but if no one's gonna wear it Man, and cares so Who knows check But it is a big deal made in America from the cotton all the way to the end product that is a big deal and that's on top of the fact That the product is perfection concur also Speaking of Fitness being fit Where we talking about being fit not really, but you go with it Yeah Yes, oh, yes, we were a muscle ups and joint warfare that's okay. Yeah sure, sure so kettlebells them into I Think That this is just me because I'm spoiled but the kettlebells from on it And you know there's like copycat brands you know they do that. I'm not saying with kettlebell specificity Are they copycat? Artistic I don't know so here's the thing I don't I don't know if there's their specifically copycat Because there's other ones yeah for sure there's like a skull one and like this this other ones Hmm, but if my head was a kettlebell how much would it weigh? I'm a no-girl 80-eight pounds I love the do the heavy one. Yeah, I saw one that's like dumb, maybe like it's dumb Over 103 yeah, it's like 200 something pounds. Oh, that's big. Yeah They go on someone sent it to me into it. Oh, I thought they sent it to you in real life I'm gonna take it from your house But you know them man. I bite like when um You know okay, so what how I did it was I got the the champ rate. It's like 35 pounds or something like that So I get two of them and that's when I started kettlebells So they're like start starting lighter and like so they need like 35 dude Yeah, but whatever wait is that too late? Not light enough not too light. Oh I when I started I was like this is appropriate I got to be careful you're in with this because I had never really done it I put it up and you know so I'll stay in safe and I was like cool formulated a good workout Now it's time to get the bigger ones, right? So I went up to there out of the one I wanted So I went all the way up to the world which is like 62 pounds. That's good So I'll start doing that with that got good at that boom boom boom so But keep in mind. I'm getting them From on it like I don't I have the luxury of getting like the good ones, you know I'm all spoiled So I'm over here like I'm about to say everyone should have the design one because it's like cooler and I don't know you get kind of You know how like when you get like a new cool rash guard Right something with a cool design on it. You want to wear it and use it, you know you know I'm saying it's kind of that you get that you get them all the time That kind of stuff. Yeah, you whatever. Yeah, she did. Yes, you do anyway Yeah, primal bells zombie bells and Legend bells those are the ones cool jump ropes on there too by the way Another fitness stuff interesting fitness stuff and um again the kettle bells I recommend the kettle bells but like me start light Don't swing and hit your shin Something that you can get in check yourself up. Yeah, there's some technique involved Yeah, and you don't recognize the momentum of swinging a kettle bell is a real thing yeah, and then it only weighs 35 pounds in your case When you swing it to the top of and then you have to stop that thing. It's not weighing 25-35 pounds anymore It's got momentum yeah, and then when you got so difficult for us Yes, so you know the one where it's like a regular snack. I think it's not a snatch but the clean. Yeah, you know you go up and it's yeah They call the rack position right? Right So even that I've seen it done so I'm like oh, I can do that. I'll just use it light But I'm doing it wrong. I'm like flipping it up where it lands on the back of my wrist and then it like pulls my shoulder back I'm like how do they do this? I was like, oh, I just got to ease but then I looked it up on YouTube the actual technique And then I'm like, oh, okay, you know, I must chip my two the other day with two front squats with the kettle bell Okay, I don't know. I just like lifted it up really hard because I was going from the picking it from the floor Tech up to the to the position to start squatting and I like did it so hard that I hit my front tooth Yeah, you Idiot straight up can't yeah Rather thing yeah, they can mean to just be careful. That's the point Anyway on it calm slash jockel check them out those are cool ones. They have the regular ones too, but I don't know man Once you have the design when you can't go back my opinion Not that I have any basis for comparison because I've never had the normal ones, but I've seen them in other gyms Used them before and it's not to say my opinion Also if you want to get this book the diary of Napoleonic foot soldier there you go Or any book set jockel talks about or Right author by the way we have direct links to all these books per episode on a website jockel podcasts.com The books the book section it's books from The episodes I think that's what it's called anyway go on there click through there Not only is it organized you can find the correct book that you're looking for it supports the podcast or if you're doing any other shopping that day or that moment or whatever Carry on good way to support also Subscribe to the podcast on iTunes Google Play stitcher all these podcasting Providing platforms And YouTube by the way YouTube on top of the video version of this podcast as we all know We have little excerpts that you can share So you don't have to share the whole thing or it's just more of a chance someone's gonna listen to what you share what else should we put on YouTube What I think I should put stuff on YouTube because I think I could do it more frequently than you Well actually maybe not because I do it Three times a week if you count the podcast really yeah really right I've gotten into a good routine Monday Wednesday, okay. I'll look into that for the most part. Okay. I still think maybe I should do something I'll do something like what can you do live on YouTube? Yes, I need to do that Yeah, I don't know how I've never done it before but Joe Rogan does it all the time Yeah, you you do live stuff Nonetheless subscribe to the YouTube do some Also deleted scenes that's what put on there maybe not as often but if you want to see some behind the Curtin right that's the expression behind the scenes if you want to hear me swear Because apparently yeah, I just based a bunch of swirits on the skinny knees Yeah, I'll swear yeah earlier today pre-recording today as well I feel where you're talking about but it's something that made me feel the urge to swear something emotion. What was it? I Don't know nothing. Well, I'll have to check the lead. It's now. I'll get going to the video to X X are our rated sure not x rated No, no, no, thankfully that's like nudity and whatnot and whatnot sure. Yeah, yeah, no, no, no, I'm afraid not Also, so yeah, that's YouTube YouTube subscribe if you haven't already if you're into YouTube Saying that's a good way to support also joc was a store. It's called jocos store Go to jocos store.com make sense right that's where you can get Shirts our shirts, you know the podcast shirts just clean was read them all this stuff some cool ones on there Look at those and if you want something get something we also have women stuff on there With a lady troopers out there or The guys you know your wife Daughter sister mom Boom they've broken me up music my wife wants some shirts. I said you got a check. No worries. She's in the game. Yep Some patches on their hoodies the heavier hoodies I got them their live they're not live right now Why are you teasing everyone man? Let me live this week 100% okay, but that okay good Heaven heavy New England for New England people yes Minnesota minnesota Chicago yeah, Michigan all them Michigan Because when you're not there Sometimes you just wear that just that's what you wear yeah, that's all I used to wear when I was a kid from Like November until March just The heavy hoodie that's it get some can't really not the hoodie that you made last year The co-iversion that's not even the co-iversion. It's like that That's the be guys like yeah, it's not even so cow version. I think was too light for so cow So cow summer. Yeah, I guess maybe yeah, I think maybe yeah Looking forward to having yeah, heavy good. Oh, yeah, hoodies on there other stuff check it up jockelstore dot com That's the good way to support hats too, right? You're supposed to get me hats yeah, but yeah, yeah, but I blew that that's not for you The hats are for the people no, but I need hats too There's some hats on there. Oh, you need hats go to jockelstore dot com. Okay, go check that out. There you go bro Also psychological psychological warfare good way to support yourself Good way to help yourself good way to spot yourself On your journey. I'm going back to journey. It's in journey now on your journey slash campaign against weakness like you know You're on the program now you're waking up early now you're Worked I got to work out program five days. I don't know three notes interesting use the word program. This is interesting life and the Delta Ptune Commander Seth Stone back in the day Day They like asked me for like what I did for workouts. Yeah, and I wrote out my workouts and it's actually Loosely very in they're in the discipline equals freedom field manual But when I gave it to him it just said at the top of the thing it said the program Yeah, actually I really liked that expression and I've been using it from it's like one of those thinking how you always say Discipline will not allow that. Yeah, I'll say I'm on the program. Yeah, yeah Well, I don't even know what program is just a month program. Yeah The program Exactly right so if you're on the program which really life is you should be on the program Yeah, if you're not you're just like what you're like short term. You're not on the program We know that yeah, yeah, yeah, it's bad and sometimes you don't even realize that you're not on the program I think that's the problem you don't even realize you're not on the program Yeah, for if you've never been on the program then you know that you're not on it Yeah, it's like what it was J.P. call it like in in unconsciously Come in competent or something like that. You know, he has all the things all the psychological states in Learning I don't know either way if you don't know you're not on the program You don't even know what you don't know kind of thing. Oh, that kind of thing anyway Back to the program if you're on the program, but you experience those days those moments of weakness And you want Jocco to get you through them help you through them like a little spot You're not gonna take over, but as a spot You listen a psychological warfare for your moment of weakness and it goes by Situation right way enough. There's like waking up one. There's a missing workout one There's procrastination one. They're all these what it is. It's an album with tracks Each track is for each weakness that you may or may not come across That's good. Yeah, so as we got into and that a lot of people like that album Yeah, and so when Dispinnie was freedom field manual Was being created the the normal option is you publish books on audible dot com and Then they put together the book with chapters that you can listen to through the audible app. It's very Confined to that so for the field manual I I The way the field manual's written. It's not written like a book. It's more like an album Yeah, that you'd need to use with tracks So anyways to make a long story short We are gonna make another psychological warfare album, but in the meantime We put out Dispinnie goes freedom field manual which is the book that just came out and if you're looking for an audible version of that You have to go to iTunes Amazon music Google play Everywhere that they sell M p three tracks albums with tracks and that's where you can get this clinicals freedom Field manual audio version and that that one makes a lot more sense though with with it this way Oh for sure because it is like a manual. You know like yeah, but yeah, and the thought was I Didn't want to put it on an audible book the audible Format because then people can't put it on their alarm clock. They can't they can't just jump through to listen to that track They can't put it into their playlist while they're working out. Yeah, so therefore not use not not good Not as you so yeah, so I know we're not gonna sell as many because when it's linked right there on the website I don't Amazon people can click right to it So we're not gonna sell as many but it's better anyways doesn't matter. Yeah, I'd rather put out good product Yeah That's my concern and especially when you're referring to it because that's really what a manual does your money To be Autable No, because think of the link would be right there, you know because how are you people? So okay on Amazon It says formats for the book, you know hard to cover and then Kindle and then audible Mind doesn't have that so people can't click on it and they ask me they've been asked me on Twitter When's the audible color are you gonna do an audible one? I just have to respond everyone It's on blah blah blah blah Gotcha, yeah, so again We're just I'd more concerned that people that have it can utilize it properly. Yeah, and I use all For sure it do but not as much I use Kindle that's where it looks that's actual like reading part of it. That's a long story, but This with the tracks It is better because when you want to refer to you know like it's like okay I want to go to the martial arts part right that you know all this so these other parts when you want to refer to it It's gonna be I'm thinking back with the audible format. It's gonna be harder to be like okay You can find it you're not gonna enjoy doing that effectively. Yeah, but it is good to you know listen to Listen to one whole time in there for sure. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, hit it up Yeah, but it does make more sense when you think about the whole scope Yeah, but this link was for you don't feel manual so if you get the opportunity to tell people that and tell them because I can't tell everyone I tried yeah, but it's where you can find it here's it here's the thing ultimately It's not hard to get I mean, it's no it's not hard to get it's just not on the same It's not where you'd expect it and people expect to find things where they expect to find things yeah That's so we've thrown them a curveball You know, but it's it's like I said to produce something that would be less usable by people in the man of that they want to use it Or make it a little bit harder to find like I said maybe not as many people can buy it because they won't find it I don't care I'd rather have the people that really want it get to use it the way they want to use it So that's how I wrote the slowest curveball in the history of curveball. Yeah, here get it on Yeah, here you have to do an extra click You'd be surprised how many people asked on social media when it where when it's coming out Oh, right in the audio format. Yeah, that does make sense though especially if you're used to listening for audio books Then you're like, okay, I want to do the book, right? Where's it? It's totally makes that incredible curveball. Yeah, that is a curveball. That's true. I do get it Hey while you're on Amazon also you can get Jocca White tea which tastes good and will guarantee you a deadlift of 8,000 pounds Some other books you get on there are way of the warrior kid That's for kids that want to get after it or even if you want your kid to get after it You want to be smarter stronger better you want to eat healthier get him that book Awesome feedback on that book which is some of my favorite feedback is pictures of kids reading way of the warrior kid doing pull-ups I saw and doing pull-ups and doing GJ2 And doing flashcards and their little book reports. I like seeing little book reports Here's a member like when you do a book record report when you're seven years old It's kind of a big deal. It's like you're getting published for the first time as an author You like it. Oh, I wrote this this is my assessment of the book way of the warrior kid Probably the most important thing has ever been written check it out and I also drew a picture You know what I mean that's uncle J. Right there. You can't hardly tell cuz doesn't look anything like him But it's supposed to be uncle J Are not my thing over here, but yeah, I like seeing those little things. We got the book extreme ownership written by myself And my brother, Dave Babin and it is about combat leadership Discipline because freedom field manual. Yes, the book that just came out and Thanks everyone for getting it for spreading the word For I like a bunch of people have put on stacks They're getting it not just for them because they're on the path they're on the program They want to get their friends on the program. They want to get their work person They want to get their kid on the program father son saw that one yesterday on social media father son boom boom two copies So that's awesome and Appreciate it a oh there's some in there's some funny reviews. I got I'll have to read some of the review some of the Amazon reviews Some of them are awesome. There's one. I should pull it out, but there's some awesome reviews So if you want to write a review You can do that to work of art really I mean to look at it. I think it looks pretty cool. It's pretty There's no other books that really look like that not that I know So that's that and like I said the the audio version is on MP3 Google play iTunes Amazon music and all that if you need leadership support for your team or your business then you can Higher echelon front which is our leadership and management consultant company It's me, Lave Babin JP to know Dave Burke email info echelon front dot com and And if you Kind of like hanging out with us on this podcast and you want to Maybe cruise with us some more You can find us on the interwebs Twitter Instagram And a fishy boaah Echo is at echo Charles and I am at Joko wheelink and again Thanks to all of you out there in uniform On the front lines like Jacob Walter in the dirt and the filth and the discomfort and the danger Out there holding the line Thank you all for what you do to the police and law enforcement and firefighters and medical emergency technicians And the rest of the first responders. Thank you for keeping us safe here at home to the teachers out there that are Teaching our kids Teaching those young trouble makers like I was Put them on the right path Teaching them the discipline equals freedom Thank you for doing what you do and the rest of you that are out there doing your job and doing it to the best of your ability Making life better for yourself your family Your community our country and the world Thanks for grinding and grappling and striving and Scratching and continuing day after day after day to get out there And get after it So until next time This is echo and joko out