 This is Jockel Podcast number 262. With echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening echo. Good evening. The President of the United States takes pleasure in presenting the Medal of Honor to Colonel Merit A. Edson, United States Marine Corps for service as set forth in the following excitation for extraordinary heroism and conspicuous interpetity above and beyond the call of duty as commanding officer of the first Marine radar battalion with parachute battalion attached during action against enemy Japanese forces in the Solomon Islands on the night of 1314 September 1942. After the airfield on Guadalcanal had been seized from the enemy on August 8th, Colonel Edson with a force of 800 men was assigned to the occupation and defense of a ridge dominating the jungle on either side of the airport. Facing a formidable Japanese attack which augmented by infiltration had crashed through our front lines, he by skillful handling of his troops successfully withdrew his forward units to a reserve line with minimum casualties. When the enemy in a subsequent series of violent assaults engaged our force in desperate hand-to-hand combat with bayonets, rifles, pistols, grenades and knives, Colonel Edson, although continuously exposed a hostile fire throughout the night, personally directed defense of the reserve position against a fanatical foe of greatly superior numbers. By his astute leadership and gallant devotion to duty he enabled his men despite severe losses to cling tenetiously to their position on the vital ridge thereby retaining command not only of the Guadalcanal airfield but also of the first divisions entire offensive installations in the surrounding area. Signed Franklin D. Roosevelt. That is an example of the level of heroism that was required to achieve victory in the battle of Guadalcanal which lasted from August 7, 1942 until February 9, 1943, six months and two days of just absolutely brutal and savage fighting. Then we've covered some of that in several books on the podcast and we even had Dean Ladd on the podcast who received a battlefield commission on Guadalcanal and went on to fight at Tarua and Sipan and Tinian but I recently received a copy of a book from a podcast listener by the name of David. I guess I'm a little cautious about giving out full names because I don't know the background so a guy named David, he sent me a book was actually not a book technically. It's a Fleet Marine Force reference publication FMFRP 12 110. The title is Fighting on Guadalcanal so thank you David for sending that to me. And the book is filled with all kinds of layers. One of them being the metal of honor citation that I started with, there's an additional layer in this which is that this Fleet Marine Force reference publication was put together by a guy named Colonel Red Reader who was West Point Class of 1926 who led the 12th Infantry Regiment who in the D-Day and he eventually was wounded and he received the Distinguished Service Gross and Silver Star in the Legion of Merit and the Bronze Star in the Purple Heart and he retired in 1946 and then he worked as the athletic director back at West Point and eventually became an author and he wrote a bunch of books including a memoir which is called Born At Reveley. So I'm sure at some point we will cover that book on this podcast but for tonight I wanted to I wanted to go to this book which is what I'm guessing is sort of the beginning of Colonel Reader's writing career was to put together this this manual fighting on Guadalcanal and it's the direct lessons learned and let's get right into it. So here's the forward. To secure the point of view of the fighting man in the Salmanol Islands, Lieutenant Colonel Russell P. Reader Jr., who I just mentioned, of the operations division of the award department general staff was designated as my personal representative. He reported to Major General Vandagriff, United States Marine Corps and Major General Patch U.S. Army on Guadalcanal and discussed with many officers and soldiers their experiences in jungle fighting against the Japanese. The stories of these men as told the Colonel Reader have been printed for your information. The American Marines and Do Bois show us that the job is no Superman. He is a tricky, vicious and fanatical fighter but they are beating him day after day. There's is a priceless record of the gallantry and resourcefulness of the American fighting man at his best. Soldiers and officers alike should read these notes and seek to apply their lessons. We must cash in on the experience which these and other brave men have paid for in blood. So that's what this book is. There's an opening note from Major General Vandagriff, just a very famous commanding general, the first Marine division. He says, I desire to thank General Marshall for the message which he has just sent me. I passed this message of congratulations onto my men. My message to the troops of General Marshall's in training for this type of warfare is to go back to the tactics of the French and Indian days. This is not meant for she'slessly. Study their tactics and fit in our modern weapons and you have a solution. I refer to the tactics and leadership of the days of Rogers Rangers. So there you go. Already we're talking about we got to make some things a little bit different. We got to look at the way we used to fight. If you think about that attitude of fighting with the Rangers, with Rogers Rangers, with the French and Indian War, this is the big difference between the way the British wanted to fight which was we're all lined up. We're standing in ranks and we're going to shoot and then you shoot and then we shoot back at you. We're not doing that. No, that's how we won the Revolutionary War because we're going to fight a different way. The early form of maneuver warfare. So that's what this book is. This is a bunch of just short anecdotal quotes from a bunch of Marines mainly about what their experiences are on Guadalcanal, bunch of great information. Gunnery, Sergeant H. L. Beard's Lee. Company G5th Marines. I've been in the Marine 16 years and I've been in three expeditions to China and five engagements since I've been in the Solomon's. I will say that this 1942 model recruit we are getting can drink more water than six old timers. We have to stress water discipline all the time. They don't seem to realize what real water discipline is. We have too many NCOs in the Marines who are Nambe, Pambi and beat around the bush. Our NCOs are gradually toughening up and are seeing reasons why they must meet their responsibilities. Respectfully speaking, sir, I think that when officers make an NCO, they should go over in their minds what kind of NCO will he make in the field? Water discipline. There's something you don't hear very often. You got to go deeper into the field before you start talking about water discipline because guess what? And I don't know when that, when did the word hydrate? Do you remember pre the word hydrate? Yes, right. Hydrate was a new thing. It's a relatively new thing. Yeah, that's for the expression hydrate. I think even the idea. Because when I was a kid, we didn't, we didn't have the word hydrate because hydrate seems like a proactive thing. Yeah, like like like you're going to get ahead of the curve. Right? You're going to, you need to hydrate. You need to stay hydrated. Hydrate or die? Sir, I never heard that. Hydrate or die? That was like that was the camel back. Remember camel back? That was their expression. Hydrate or die? Like the camel backs, the things with a little hose coming over. Oh, that was the camel back the brand. The camel back the brand. Have the expression hydrate or die? That's cool. So, but let's face it. What we're saying here, and you never hear this, he said, don't hydrate. If you hydrate too much, you're going to actually going to run out of water. You need to get water discipline. That's a totally different mindset. Now, I will tell you when you're going out on a long, like a desert patrol, where you're not going to get a water resupply, you've got to have some water discipline. Let me explain to you. You know, these guys fought when they needed to have water discipline big time, but it's interesting to hear that attitude. You don't hear that anymore. Everyone's all about hydrate. Hydrate. It's a different mindset. I'm sure maybe, so maybe there's some doctors that will approach us and kind of give us the real deal on that. Yeah, well, it makes sense because you have two different scenarios. Like, yeah, if you have the luxury to be able to just hydrate at will, then oh, yeah, hydrate, or die for sure. But, you know, water discipline, that I did kind of seems like it would be under maybe two specific circumstances where you don't have a lot of water just to go. Have you ever not had water? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like, where you were almost going to go down. Don't trade up dehydrated. What happened? Well, it was heat exhaustion. Okay. So the thing is I had water, but I didn't get enough water. Okay. What was the scenario? Football. But, so there was like a gatorade thing on the surface. So yeah, automatic. Yeah. Yes, sir. I was not out of water. Okay. My body was up like low on water. Can you get, can you get heat, whatever, heat, yeah, you can't. You can get a heat catch, we want your drinking water. Yes, sir. So, so you were saying you were kind of close to that. I guess that's different from just straight up dehydration. Well, dehydration is like levels, right? Like you're, they say you're 2%. dehydrated if you're even thirsty for water. That's what they say. But, so yeah, you know, it depends on what you're trying to say. You know, we're going to get a seat back on this one. I can tell you. Yeah. Makes sense. But, you know, in the field, you're talking about a situation where there's two elements where limited water, you don't have unlimited water because you can't carry unlimited water. And then you still have to function in the event of unlimited water or not on it. And let's face it. So, there's been, there's been a lot of times where I was thirsty, right, in the field. There's one time where I was in like a little bit of a bad situation where I could start feeling like, oh, this could be a problem. And we were out, we were out in the Ozarks in Arkansas doing this big land warfare problem. And we were expecting, you know, we had planned that, you know, there were streams. You could see on the map. And there was a couple. So, we, you know, okay, we'll be able to go this far and we'll be able to get water from the streams and purify it and then we'll go another distance and we'll get some more. Well, the first, like two or three streams that we came across were empty. They would dry it up. And so I was running danger close on water. And I'll tell you, not having water to me is the second, the second worst feeling in the world, the worst feeling the world is don't, don't have air. But the thing is, we don't have air. That's only a bad feeling for like 30 seconds. And then your past time. Yeah, you're done. Not have water. It takes a while. So, and when you try, when you go too deep in the red zone there, it's not like you can just drink water and get out. Like air. A lot of times like when you're like, let's say you're in the red zone air. But you can still recover. You just take a huge breath on the road to the cover. But water, you get like a forreal heat exhaustion or a heat stroke is death, but like exhaustion, like a forreal one. And you drink water, you'll just throw it up because your body can't really take in that kind of water yet. You have to do the IV thing, you have to do this big process, you know? So, oh yeah, no water is shit. So, I'm sure someone will contact us and tell us like, what the, there's got to be some minimum protocol. Because that's the thing that I have, you know, you got to have some kind of minimum protocol. Like what's the minimum amount of water you need? I hate being thirsty. I would carry a lot of water. Yeah, I would carry a lot of water. But you know, you know, you just made me think of, you know, when you're caught in a triangle or something or you're caught in a guillotine and you get out and like how good you're going to stay. Oh, I feel so good. I feel so good. I guess it's really triangle. So, triangles are hard to breathe, but like a guillotine and a guill choke, you're like having a hard time breathing. Yeah, because like a good, re-er naked, you know, you're not, it's a different, you don't, you don't feel all panicky. Right? Because you're still taking breaths. Yeah. You're like, oh good, I'm good, good night. You're right about the guillotine there because I think there's two elements in the guillotine defense that makes you not breathe. So like one, it's pressing against your windpipes. So you can't hardly breathe. But another one, you're trying to tense your net to resist like that, that torque. So when you tense your neck, it's like harder to actually take a, take a deep breath, you know, it's like those double things. I've been training with Dean, Dean, Listsch, Dean Lister for a long time, 25 years. He showed me some guillotine defense the other day and I was like, you waited 25 years to show me this guillotine defense, I couldn't guillet him and then he couldn't guillet me show this defense. I'm like, what, what, what, why wouldn't you show me that? Why would you not show me that? Yeah, bro. That's probably like he has so many, you know what? He has so many things, but he also, he just thinks that everybody knows everything. Right. You know, so if you don't ask him about it and the only reason he was showing someone else and I'm like, what's that defense? He goes, oh, you just do this here and put this hand here and I was like, you never show me that. Yeah, he was, oh, oh yeah, that's real obvious. I feel like an idiot. All right. So there you go. Water discipline. Next, I have just been promoted from first sergeant. This is sergeant major B, Medsger fifth Marines. I have just been promoted from first sergeant. In the firefighting, the Marine first sergeant helps the company commander. He checks up on the company as a whole, even down to checking on the evacuation of the wounded. I was able. I was available to the company commander for any emergency orders during the firefight. Teacher soldiers serve that when a man is hit in the assault to leave him there. Too many of our men suddenly become first aid men. Your men will have to be rugged and rough and to win. They must learn to disregard politeness and must kill. So a couple things there. First of all, I'm going deep on this. So first of all, this is what I used to, when I used to teach, when I used to teach the young seals about leadership, I would teach roles in responsibility for every individual person inside of a politoon from a leadership perspective, fire team leader, squad leader, put tune leader, task leader leader, a company commander level. And the senior and listed guy, which is what he's the company first sergeant. And what you want to do and the way I used to explain it to guys in the exact same thing and he's saying you want to be the action arm for the leader for the commander. So basically you're the guy with all this experience. But if something's going wrong, like you got a problem, you got to be the guy that the company commander can look at and go says, go solve that problem and you have the capacity to do it, because you're not assigned any specific role. So you should actually do your best to keep your company first sergeant like free from direct responsibility so that he can be your action arm to go make things happen. That's number one, number two is prioritizing execute. Everyone wants to help out the wounded guy. You can't. You got to win first. You can't, you can't do that. And then let's face it. This is total war. And these guys are just in a different level. You got to disregard politeness and you got to just kill people. That's where we're at. That's what's so interesting about about with the old breed by Eugene Sledge. And in the HPO series, the Pacific, they portray Eugene Sledge. He's kind of like this very nice, very polite guy. That's how they portray him. And then you see videos of the real guy, the real Eugene Sledge. That's exactly what he's like. He's kind of like a southern gentleman, young, very nice, very kind. And those guys were getting thrown into this savvetry. And that's what this, that's what this, that's who this message is for. You got to disregard politeness and kill. Now Eugene Sledge, we should probably, we should probably do that book again, but Eugene Sledge, you know, he had to, he had to put some things in check himself. And he watched guys rip in Japanese soldiers teeth out that were gold and like, you know, pissing on the, and then he saw crazy stuff. And he had like a line that he didn't cross over. But he also understood it. So even a guy that says nice and, and a good of a person, which Eugene Sledge apparently was, even he realized like, this is, this is next level. There's another situation. This is normal. Patoon Sergeant HR strong company A fifth Marines. Some of my men thought their hand grenades were too heavy. They tossed them aside when no one was looking later. They would have given six months pay for one hand grenade. There you go. Short turn versus long turn. Got to carry that little extra weight of the hand grenade. Patoon Sergeant FTO Fera company B fifth Marines after the japs had been located. My Patoon has gained the element of surprise by moving in fast with bayonets and hand grenades. In turn, they have surprised us by being in a defensive position on the reverse slope of a ridge. I think the snipers look for bar bayarmen. And then Colonel Edson said no doubt about this and want to gauge men in one platoon every bayar gunner was hit. So this idea that you could locate them, this is sort of like in jiu jitsu when you get, let's say you get the mount position you immediately go for the arm lock. Sometimes that's what enough to do it, right? Whereas if you get mount and you're like, okay, I got the mount, that person's going into defensive position and now they're going to set up for it. And so what he's saying is if they locate the Japanese, immediately they go out and with grenades and bayonets, which the good thing about grenades and bayonets is now you're, they can't really locate you because of your, because of your muzzle flashes and where you're shooting, you're just getting in there with grenades and bayonets, which is, you know, you think about modern warfare, you don't think of the tactic of, hey, when we make contact, we're going to immediately attack with bayonets and grenades. That's what kind of war this was. Patoon Sergeant R.A. Zolo, company C5th Marines. Sir, I would like to tell you that that a man's keenness or doneness of I made determine whether or not he will live. 10 men in my platoon were killed because they walked up on a jab 37 millimeter gun. I went up later after the gun had been put out by our mortars to help bring back the dead. The Japanese gun was so well camouflaged that I got within four feet of the gun before I saw it. Corporal WA McClusky, company D5th Marines. Sir, the other day on bloody ridge riflemen protecting our light machine guns pulled out and left us. We were doing okay at the time, but they're pulling out caused our whole outfit to withdraw. I think the men in these rifle companies should receive some training in the work and in the mission of the machine gun company they should be able to act more intelligently. What does that mean? You should have your team cross train no matter what business you're in. No matter what kind of team you have. You should cross train and the interesting thing about that and we've read that we've read about this before. When people see other people running away, you've got a pretty good chance that those people are going to run away too. This is just mob mentality. Second lieutenant Andrew Tysik, fifth Marines. I think that in the regimental supply there should be extra canteen so when the out when an outfit gets in a place like the table plateau where there is no water and extra canteen of water can be issued. Sir, this would really help our men stay in there. What's interesting, this is all done like an interview. That's why they keep saying things like sir, they're talking directly to this guy and he's just putting the clothes in there. They're talking to Colonel Reader. Marine Gunner, ES rust, fifth Marines. I hate to admit it, but it's the truth. When we got here, a lot of our young men were confused at night. They were not used to the jungle at night. They could not use their compasses at night and we did not have enough compasses. We have learned that when we get off the beaten trails it seems to confuse the japs and we have better success. So what does that mean? You've got to train at night. Platoon Sergeant J. CL Hollingsworth, company H. Fifth Marines. When we moved around on these jungle trails, we have learned to have men at the rear of each platoon who carry light loads so they can quickly, so they can get their weapons into action quickly to help overcome ambush fire from the rear. That's what you want to do as a human, as a human that's strategizing in the world, is you want to have an element that's flexible and can move quickly to help you overcome situations. So whether you're in business, whether you, whatever situation you're in, you want to have a specific element that is designed to move quickly and give support where it's needed. Could go left, could go right, could go north, could go south, could go east, could go west. Why do you need that? Because you can't predict the future. So you should design your plans so that the design of the plans is inherently flexible. Put the big rugged men into the heavy weapons company. Just throwing out their froll the young men going in the military. They're going to saddle you up with that big gun and you're going to carry it. Good. From some of our new men were so scared of our hand grenades when they first, when they were first issued that they jammed the down the codder pin later in action, they could not pull the pin. I noticed as I get and I pointed out, pointed this out to my platoon that when a man gets hit, the men close by get to yell in corn and corn and cornmen. They get so excited sometimes that they actually forget to use their own first aid packets. In first aid training, teach correct use of injecting morphine and procedure of tagging because what are you going to do when the cornmen gets hit? I give $75 for a pair of tennis shoes to rest my feet and for use in night work. Classic. I have only been in the Marine Corps for years, but I have learned that you have got to develop a sense of responsibility in the men wearing Chevron's. Right? You got to develop that responsibility. In action, we have had unauthorized persons yelling cease firing or commenced firing this caused confusion. Platoon Sergeant George E. A. Ho. Ah Ho. Company fifth. Company fifth. Company fifth. I put five years in the US Army before joining the Marine Corps. Sir, I like the Marines better than the Army because the average Marine officer is closer to his men than the average Army officer whom I observed. We have comradeship in the Marine Corps. Also, the Marine and listed men are more Spartan like. I believe, sir, we baby our soldiers too much in peace time. I hope we are not doing this now. And then here's a comment from Colonel Reader here. I asked Colonel Edson, and Edson is the guy that we read the Medal of Honor citation from. I asked Colonel Edson what kind of a sergeant, A. Ho. was. And he told me that he was one of the outstanding men in his regiment and that he was a very rugged individual. I heard that. I was like, I can picture this dude. You know, he gets described as you're in Guamalcanal with Marines. And you in that environment with the toughest bastors in the world, you get, you get described as a quote, very rugged individual. You know, George E. A. Ho. Platoon Sergeant company F. Fifth Rees doesn't play around. He continues on. In our training for this jungle warfare, we had a great deal of work and hand-to-hand individual combat use of knife, jujitsu, etc. Let's face it when I read that I got very, very, very, you know, we were feeling good about it. What's the year on that? In 1943? Yeah. That's the tradition. Jujitsu. It's not the prison. Jujitsu. Okay. Well, maybe it is actually because in 1925. That's what it is. Yeah. But this is prejuato. No, it's not prejuato. So it's jujitsu. Let's take it for one of its work. Anyways, your excitement is going to go down just like mine did because he says this. With the exception of bayonet fighting, we have not used this work. I've been in many battles since I hit the island and I've never seen anyone use it. Okay. So did some hand-to-hand training? Well, I think maybe just out of sort of GPL would have found a way to get my hand-to-hand. I could bring the jets. Every man should have a watch. That's a good one. Just to kind of let you know. I mean, think about you're going to warn you. No, I'm a watch. Our battalion commander made your wall once every last man in our battalion to know as much as he does about the situation. It pays. Think about that. You're in a leadership position. You should try and get every last man and your team to know as much as you do about the situation. It will pay off. He also says this. Get rid of gold bricks. It's better to be short-handed, having good men around than having a lot of underpendibles. You familiar with the term gold brick? No. Not in this context anyway. What context are you familiar with it in? A regular gold brick. Which is? That's a gold bar. Okay, got it, got it, got it. So that's the difference. A gold bar is made of gold. A gold brick is a brick painted like gold. Got. Have you ever seen the big Lebowski? Yeah, but like once. The term is heavily used in gold brick. So a gold brick is not it looks like good. You just hear for show. It looks good. No, no, no, no, no, no, go. All that exactly. Man, I got a book I just read for this podcast that will be coming in the future. But there's a guy that shows up in the Korean war and he's all square away and he's all he's all like right and tight. Everything's good to go and the older combat vets are like, I don't think so. And then one younger guy that's kind of that's a badass that's actually writing the book. He says, oh yeah, this guy's going to be good to go and sure enough. The older veterans, we're looking at him, he was suspect. He was suspect because he was like everything was kind of perfect. Kind of like that conversation we had the other day about music and everything being perfect and if it's too perfect, it's not real. Well, that's kind of the impression these guys got, oh, this guy is totally perfect. Well, guess what happened when the bullet started flying? He had a, he had a trick knee and all of a sudden he couldn't get after it. So to me, that right there, gold brick. Got you. Corporal JS Stankas company, E fifth Marines. On this is Harry firing, gives your position away and when you give your position away, here you have to pay for it. Man, I went on like the crazy, I've gone on crazy tendons about giving away your position. On that's very firing and I'm not talking about combat. I'm talking about in conversations, in leadership situations where you give away your position. You take shots at echo. Ecclesions, you know, I'd like to use this plan over here and I go, that plan doesn't make any sense. And now I'll say, you know what I stand. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Why would you do that? Why would I say, well, explain to me more about your plan? And then ask you a question about it. Because if I, if I give my position away, all of a sudden you're, you're not even, you're already like defensive. I'm causing problems. Why do that? Hmm. And by the way, you might now attack me, because I just gave my position away. Now you might start throwing shots at me. So when you say, here's my plan, and I say, you're playing doesn't make any sense. I just gave my position away. I don't think your plan makes sense. There's my position. Whereas if you say, here's my plan, and I say, why do you want to put guys over here? Or why do you want to move this over here? And you start answering my questions. I haven't given my position away. You're not defensive. You're trying to explain it to me. Maybe your plan makes sense, but I just didn't understand it. Hmm. So don't give your position away. Notting Guadalcanal and not in the, meeting with your, with your team. Hmm. The men in my squad fire low at the base of trees. There's too much high firing going on. I have I have observed. Japs often get short of ammunition. They cut bamboo and crack it together to simulate rifle fire to draw our fire. They ain't Superman. They're just tricky bastards. Second Lieutenant HM Davis fifth Marines in parentheses promoted on the field of battle. Do you understand what that means? Uh, thanks. Okay. So you understand that there's enlisted guys in the military. And there's officers. Yeah. So basically the enlisted guys have not gone to college. The officers. Well, I guess the enlisted guys may have gone to college, especially nowadays. There's a lot of enlisted guys that are going to college. But the in these days, most likely the enlisted guy hadn't gone to college. So they went through a regular training pipeline and you're sort of the workforce of the military, then the officers, they've been to college and they've been through some kind of a training program to make put them into a leadership position. Is that kind of like at a company, the difference between a guy who has a great resume degree, blah, blah comes in at a certain high position versus the guy who worked his way up through like the mail rule. So a little bit, but let's say a construction site you've got a guy that went to college for civil engineering and he's he's overseeing the whole project, right? And he's he got his degree three years ago. But then you've got a guy that's been working construction since he was 14 years old and now he's been doing it for 28 years and he's the foreman or he's any of those people in between. Right. That's that's kind of the break out. So to get promoted on the field about a battlefield promotion to be commissioned is it's pretty powerful. That means that when all this mayhem was going on, they skipped you through like entire an entire spectrum of promotions to the next completely different level. It's hack worth actually in Korea. Got battlefield promoted. Like you're so good. We're going to take you and we're going to put you in charge. Yeah. So it'd be like if it'd be like if you showed up as the brick carrier and you did such a good job and then they said, well you can put start putting, but you did that and you did something else and then the next thing they promoted you to the guy that was the civil engineer. Put you in charge the whole project. So that's because when you hear about second lieutenant HM Davis, fifth Marines promoted on the field of battle. We're talking about full legit. He says travel light. For example, the hell with all the mess equipment. We used our mess cup and spoon for the first 15 days here and enjoyed our chow. You don't have to live like a gentleman in jungle warfare. Our mess equipment is too bulky for this type of warfare makes noise. There you go. And then he says this, not every man can lead a battalion. Find out who can lead your battalions before you go into combat areas. And then Colonel Edson, in parentheses, remarked by Colonel Edson says, I would like to concur in that statement. So the metal of honor recipient, the commander of that battalion. He says, I like to concur with that. There's something that's so pure and just unmercifully beautiful about combat when it comes to like, hey, we can't we don't we can't afford to play around. It's kind of cool when I was in Sri Lanka, which we covered on like podcasts three or something working with those soldiers that were fighting against the to meal tigers. And if they had someone that was good, they'd be like you're promoted. You're going to be in charge. If they had someone that bad, you're you're not in charge anymore. They didn't care about anything. There was no HR department. There was no, hey, we're going to document what mistakes you made. We're going to count to you. They're like, no, you made like five bad calls and wrote, you're done. And you, young recruit that's been doing great. You're you're in the game. You will put you in charge. It was very cool. And that's what happens in war. It doesn't so much happen in peacetime. In an advanced and in an advanced in the jungle, it's hard for a platoon leader to keep control of his men. Corporals and their men must be taught to act individually. It's a little something that we like to call decentralized to command. You are not going to be with everyone. You can't control them. It doesn't work. Platoon sergeant, CM, Fagan, company on fifth Marines. I haven't been fired at many times by snipers and I haven't seen one yet. I threw that in there was a lot. I skipped over some of these, but there's a lot of people complaining about snipers. The sabers, which the Japanese officers carry have proved to be worthless. I killed two japs who came out me with sabers and I got them first by shooting them. You remember that scene in Indiana Jones? Yes, or you know, all scenes. Which one? Some guy comes out and he's swinging a sword around like kind of a real sealed. I got the sword and we're going to fight in Indiana Jones, shrugs and children just pulls a pistol out and shoots. That's what I mean. When I heard this all was like, well, yeah, if you've got a gun, these make it a statement. Hey, a gun is better than a saber. Well, thank you. We agree. But this is a new kind of obvious. That scene in Indiana Jones. Yeah. A US for it. So here you go. That scene in real life, they were going to have or the original script or whatever. They were going to have a this epic kind of battle sword battle. But in the end, or Tereson Ford had to use a bathroom, bro bad. So he pulled that out as a little improv. They just kept it. Cool. Good to know. Never mind the bottom. Water canal. Let's hear about the bathroom battles on the set of Indiana Jones. It's different. I haven't seen this. Then he says this, but I wish I had in reserve a good jungle knife. I don't mean I don't mean a bowloat, which we should have for cutting trails, but a knife with a 12 inch blade, a good steel. We could use this against these, these japs as well as cutting vines that catch us at night. And then says, no, many men expressed their wish for a jungle knife, such as described here. This desire is being omitted in further remarks to avoid repetition. So everybody who's like, give us a big ass knife. Corporal Fred Carter company, I fifth Marines. On the river, we got to firing at each other because of careless leadership by the junior officers. We had a little blue on blue situation. We are curing ourselves of fromissue as firing, but I should think new units would get training to make the men careful. There you go. This guy's had a little blue on blue situation. And he's saying, I should think new units would get training to make the men more careful. Yeah. That's what I did when I had a blue on blue friendly fire situation came back and said, I'm going to train people. So this doesn't happen to him. We learned not to fire unless we had something to shoot at, doing otherwise discloses your position in where you say ammunition. He says, I've been charged twice by the Japs in bayonet charge. Armourines can outbrain up fight them and I know our army men will do the same. And then note by Colonel Edison, incidentally, in the last push, we executed. We executed three bayonet charges. Sergeant O. J. Marion company L fifth Marines, a platoon guide. You crawl in the advance. Unless you are to charge and make it. The reason for this is that all men hit our hit from the knees up except for ricochets. We have crawled up to within 25 yards of a machine gun firing over our backs. The Japs don't depress their machine gun. Men get killed rushing to help a wounded man. If the wounded man would crawl about 10 yards to his flank, he can generally be aided in safety as the Japs seem to fire down lanes in the jungle. Colonel Edison said, we have taught our men that in the best way to aid a wounded man is to push ahead so that the wounded man can be cared for by the Corbin. The men have been the men have to be trained individually for when the fire starts, the corporal can't see all of his men and further when the order for attack is given, any number of men are unable to see the man on his right or left. So you see, sir, it takes guts for the men to get up and move forward when the signal is given. The men have to depend on one another and have confidence in each other. So again, if you've been trippled like this, you have a trippled canopy jungle, like real thick jungle. Yeah, obviously, it's really, you can take five steps and you can't see that another person. And that's what these guys are seeing for the first time. Well, not for the first time, but they're seeing, hey, somebody gets five feet away from me. I can't see anymore. They have to know how to act on their own. They have to be ready to utilize decentralized command. He says, I was in one advance when the Japs let us come through and then rose up out of covered foxholes and shot us in the back. The best cure for that is rear guard looking towards the rear. Corporal FR, Macauan, company L fifth Marines. Sometimes the information doesn't get down to us and then we are really in the dark. When we get the orders and information, we can get in there and pitch better. Again, make sure you keep your people informed. My普通 is the best one in the company because we are all like a baseball team. Our lieutenant is like the captain of the team. He is close with us and we like him and yet respect him. We have a wonderful普通. I'm not bragging. That's a fact. And then here's the note in parentheses. When I read this to Colonel Etz and at the end of the day, he was so delighted that he sent a runner to find out who corporal Macauan's platoon leader was. Give that guy a promotion. And here's the interview with Colonel Merit Etz and himself. And again, this is the guy who received the Medal of Honor that I read at the beginning of this podcast. He says, if I had to train my regiment over again, I would stress small group training and the training of the individual even more than we did when we were in training. So there you go. Everyone is stressing that people need to be able to think for themselves and make things happen. And there must be training and difficult observation, which is needed for the offense. It is my observation that only 5% of the men can really see while observing. Yeah. What's crazy about that is they do drills, especially human sniper school, where they put like stuff out in the field, like a canteen and a knife and a notebook. They put all the stuff in the field. And then they bring you out to the field and you get to sit and position you got to look and you got to see. You got to have a kind of hidden partially hidden. So they'll put 10 items out there. And you got to sit there with your notebook and you got to write down all the items that you can see in what their location is. And somebody that's really and there's different people have different levels of skill at actually observing things. So some people get, oh they get 9, they get 8, they get 10. Some people see like three or four things. So to actually train for that is important. The other crazy thing about this is I'll talk about this on a EF online the other day. It's hard. It's hard to see and sometimes things that you think are so obvious other people aren't seeing. And sometimes if you think what you're doing, no one can see, they can all see it. So if you think you're making some little tactical move that no one's saying you're wrong. If you're making some little maneuver to get that position or whatever and you think that it's all good, no one can see it. You're wrong. Everybody can see it. Everybody can see it. You know who can't see it? You can't see that they can see. The offensive is the most difficult to support as you cannot tell exactly where your troops are. So scary. Whether the Japs will continue to fight as they do now, I don't know that defend on the low ground and the jungle, they dig standing trenches extremely well camouflaged. And then he goes into some really tactical level stuff talking about the need for a rifle grenade, the need for knee mortar. Why that would be good because it gives the platoon commander kind of at-hand weapons. He says this, I suggest that you have maneuvers with ball ammunition, which is basically doom and novers with real bullets. And then he says, even if you get a few casualties, he says, I was like dang. And now in the seal teams, we do live fire training all the time. And not only that, we do incredibly complex maneuvers with live fire. And it's so beneficial that you're just used to it. You know, you're used to it. You really learn about paying attention and safety and how to keep your distance and all those really important things. But if you, the other thing, I will say we got, when I first came in the teams, that's all we did was live fire. And it was sort of like a vuffing. You know, it's sort of like, that's as good as it gets like it would do live fire. It was one of those things. And it was, you know, you go, well, it's live fire. And you do so much of it that it became. So it wasn't really, it's just normal, right? Live fire was just totally normal. I'll tell you, operate. But once we got some munition and like the high speed laser tag systems, that's when you got, you have to do both. But that's when you got good at actually combat because when you're going live fire, you're not going against anyone, but paper targets. I'm saying don't move. But you have to do it. Yeah. So he goes into more details about the kind of boots that they have. And he says the same thing that everyone's been saying in your training, put your time and emphasis on the squad and platoon rather than on the company, but time and regimen. So train at the lowest levels. Your principle of the command post up into the front is certainly true here in your scouting and patrolling and your training in patience, which you should have, have the men work against each other. So he's saying the same thing, you have to do something where you're actually going against other humans, not just against paper targets. Same thing for squad and pltunes in their problems. Develop better snipers, it goes on to a bunch of things. Smoking lamp, once a smoking lamp goes out and it gets dark, you have to be quiet. Yeah. He goes into this example. In the Raiders, we adopted the custom of dropping all rank and titles. We used nicknames for officers, all ranks used these nicknames for us. We did this because the nips caught onto the names of the officers and would yell or speak at night. This is Captain Joe Smith talking, a company with draw to the next hill. So we adopted nicknames with code words. Captain Walt became silent Lou. My nickname was Red Mike. An example of the use of these nicknames as code words is one night the japs put down smoke and the yelled gas. We were too green at the time and two of our companies withdrew leaving a company exposed on two flanks. He says a value of night training is that it lets men learn the normal noises of the woods at night. Woods are not silent at night. He says the Japanese is no Superman. He has the same limitations that we have. They have the advantage of experience with proper training. Our Americans are better as our people can think better as individuals. Encourage your individuals and bring them out. So this is any team. You either train your team to think or train them to obey. Certainly the Japanese leaned toward what they wanted was obedience. Both are riflemen and machine gunners must be taught to shoot. I can tell you that's what I got shipped all to. Shoot low. This leadership business resolves itself down to being hardboiled. By that I mean getting rid of the poor leader even if you like him personally because this is a life in death affair. This goes right on down to the non-combs. You can see there's no slack for poor leadership. Like you know it's peace time. I can tell you when I first got to the to the bears. The amount of seal officers that got fired when they were in a seal platoon was very very small. Very small number of seal officers that would get fired. Then after the war started it would happen. It would happen. It was not like it happened often. But it happened a lot more. It happened a lot more because you'd be looking going there. This isn't just an employment over to train someone or this is going to be going to war. That was Colonel Letzon. We get to major LOOL WALT commanding officer second battalion fifth Marine. There's a note from Colonel Letzon. Colonel Letzon told me that Major WALT was one of his best leaders and one of the best men he has ever seen in action. Major WALT was a young man of about 35 years of age. He's extremely rugged and looks like a full back on a football team. I talked to him over 20 minutes before I was able to make a single original note as his ideas seemed to echo Colonel Edson's. So that's pretty cool. You got the battalion commander saying all the same stuff that the regimental commander was saying. Here's a little report that Major LOOL WALT gives. At 630 PM they smoked our two right companies and when the smoke had enveloped these two companies they broke out. They came out in mass formation 20 abreast yelling. BANETS fixed automatic weapons working. Rear ranks throwing hand grenades. They were trying to escape to the sand pit at the mouth of the river in order to cross the river to get back. Our right front company had just completed a double apron barbed wire fence. When the Japanese hit the left flank of the right company they killed nine out of the first 10 men. Nine out of the first 11 men they hit. Then they hit the barbed wire. Two of our heavy machine guns opened up shooting down along this barbed wire fence and dispersed their attack. It got dark quickly like it does here. There was smoke. Japs and Marines all mixed up. Three Japanese officers were swinging their two hand swords. There was hand-to-hand fighting all night long. We mopped them up at Daybreak. We killed 78 Japs. They killed 12 Marines and wounded 26 of us. The Jap has a great deal of respect for our hand grenade and it is a valuable weapon to us. Do you ever practice throwing it in wooded country? Scary throwing grenades in the woods. Because you can hit a tree, you can hit a branch. He says this is always a common theme about the Japanese. The Jap is not an individual fighter. He won't fight with a bayonet unless backed up with a dozen other Japs. Here's where you get to do this pure leadership. As in the basic field manual, each man should know the objective. I make my platoon leader designate an objective every 100 yards in the jungle and they work to it and reorganize. They don't push off for the next objective until they get word from the company commander. This method we have found ensures control. I control my company exactly the same way. I set up objectives for each company when the companies reach their objective. They report. After the reorganization we go ahead, I think reserves and the attack should be kept up closely. It can be committed immediately. Platoon Sergeant CC Ardent. There's a note in here. It says when Colonel Edson sent for his best fighters, he did not include Platoon Sergeant Ardent. After I got through talking to these men, two of them came up to me and said, Sir, you did not see Sergeant Ardent. He has more patrols and does more scouting than any man in the regiment. Could we get him for you, Sir? Here we go. CC Ardent. He seems like the kind of guy when I was reading this, I was like, I know this kind of dude. So here's this dude. I practice walking quietly over rocks, twigs, grass leaves, through vines, etc. I practiced this around the Bivowack area. I received instructions in scouting and patrolling in Kwanako, but I still practice this around here in the Bivowack area. I believe because I practice this is the reason I'm still alive. Some of the other NCOs laughed at me because I'm always seeing how quietly I can walk around because I go out and practice on my own, but they have stopped laughing because I have been on more patrols than any man in the regiment and I am still alive. When I am scouting and come to an opening in the jungle and have to cross it, I generally run across it quickly and quietly, going slow here, make cost a scout his life, different types of terrain calls for different methods. So I totally know that guy, just obsessed and I love it. Go ahead. Do you think like you did something to do that too? You know guys, they stand up and they do like a technical stand, even though you know, they're keeping it real. Or when they give you a hug they like fish front. They're always doing that the thing, you know. Yeah, but I think this is the guy that's like stand, you know, not just that. This is the guy that's and you know, when I when I first got in, actually the whole time I was in it was like okay, I got to do this again. I need to do this better. I get to get better with this. But I did that kind of in a broad way. Like I kind of wanted to be good at everything, you know? Whereas, it'd be like someone, whereas there's some guys that would get really into one thing. You know, it'd be like someone that just works on, you know, deep half-guard. Maybe just get obsessed with deep half-guard and that's what they're working on. Like that's all they're drilling. That's all they're doing. This is Colonel Amor LER Sims. Commanding Officer 7th Marines first Marine Division. He says, is the army stripping down to essentials and equipment teach not to waste ammunition, learn to make every shot count, try to get the japs on the move, keep them bouncing around, don't let them get set. When you let them get set they're hard to get out. This is such a good philosophy to have whenever you're in a competitive moment against another person or against another business or against another team. Don't let them settle. Don't let them, you know, like we talked about earlier, you get them out and go for the Amor. Look, sometimes you think, well, get there in a established position. I get it. I get that philosophy. But if you can and you can get there and you can go for it. You're going to catch them off guard. Don't let them prepare. Go. He says, our battalion commanders in the 7th Marines know that in reporting information at once, and if they need help to ask for it and not just try to bowl things through, that they are enabling regiments to act as a team in the right manner and in the right direction. So he's saying, listen, the battalion commanders knew that they needed to get the information, the correct information, up the chain of commanders quickly as they could so that they, so that the chain of command, the senior leadership could support them. And if you needed help, you needed to ask for it. A regimental commander cannot be impatient. Don't push your battalion commanders unless you feel there is reluctancy on their part. Our great leader General Vandergrif gives me a job and lets me handle the situation with a regiment in my own way. He's not impatient with me. Inpatients would ruin the best plans. A mapped plan may not turn out to be feasible, so we have learned here not to be impatient. And then he says, it has been impressed upon us here that the logistics have to be correctly planned. The science of logistics turns out to be your life logistics, winds of ours. Here's the thought I would like to leave you with the regimental commanders. Pick your officers for common sense. Basic field manual knowledge is fine, but it is useless without common sense. Common sense is of greater value than all the words in the book. I am too deep, so that's the statement right there, right? Common sense is not amazing. Promote and put in leadership positions people at a common sense. Then he says, I am too deep in my battalions and regard to battalion commanding officers. That is, each one of my battalion executive officers is a potential battalion commander. The reason for this is if the battalion commander gets killed or sick, I won't be caught out on the limb. He says, I make my staff officers get out of this CP, not to snoop so that they get out of the command, post and go to the front lines. And he does that quote, not to snoop on the troops, but to help the battalions and equate themselves with the general situation insist on night training. But don't train day and night. If I were training my regiment again, working seven days a week, I would train three nights and four days. Our orders to armorans on the perimeter defense are, this is this is kind of epic. Our orders to armorans on the perimeter defense are, you stay on your position and do not pull back. If they bust through you, we'll plug up the hole, but you stay there. And then he says, this regiment can out yell the japs, out fight them, out bayonet them, and out shoot them. This yelling as in hand, a hand action is important. It's like a football team that talks it up. The japs yell at us. Marines, we're going to kill you. More blood for the emperor. The Marines bail back. You blank, blank, blank, blank. That's just as blank. That's a little agro-ized. You blank, blank, blank. We'll kill you, japs, more blood for Franklin. There's just a yelling at each other. You know, that was like, when we had cowboy on and cowboy could hear the North Vietnamese Army commander yelling, hey get ready to get ready to assault. And he's telling, telling Lynn Black, here they come. He just gave the order to assault. Sometimes that's how right, like if you're close, I think it was late. Who said when they were like in a gunfight and they were so close, they were re-helling at each other. Well, you could definitely hear people talking. Yeah. I saw I'll have to ask, like, what particular instance that was. Yeah, I saw a video on some fights, some army guys, I think in Afghanistan. They're kind, it looked like kind of a jungle. There's parts of Afghanistan that look like that. Yeah, like not a thick, but like it was like trees in there. And they were in a gunfight and they were, you could hear them yelling at it. And I think there isn't a different language and stuff. And they were just same deal. Blankety blank. And it's crazy because in football, yeah, that's how too. You know, it's like it's all talking trash the whole time. Even the referee is saying hey, be quiet, be quiet. No father, every is no factor because he can't do nothing for you. He's talking and everyone's yelling at each other. And depends, certain teams are more hostile than others, whatever. Just depends on the personality of the team. But yeah, that goes on. But it's all like it's all within like sportsmen like, you know, some of its funny, some of its like kind of, you know, so there's a sort of, it's kind of the culture, you know. But it's crazy to understand that like it's just trying to straighten it and you're trying to kill them. So that blankety blank blank is like the real deal, you know. Damn. This next section is about the commanding officer of the first battalion seventh regiment US Marines, first Marine Division. You might know who that is. It's Lieutenant Colonel Louis B. Polar from podcast. 111, we went through his book, which is called Marine in podcast 122. We talked about his son, Louis Polar Jr. So if you want to check out those podcasts, there is a podcast that we'll stay with you. We'll put it to you that way. So what he says, this is one of the most, yeah, this is the most iconic Marine of all time. Chasty Polar. And he says, and this was kind of cool because it's like, this is, it's cool because the way this is written, you can tell that this guy was taken notes. Like, there was someone there sitting there writing down word for word, what these guys were saying. So this is Chasty Polar talking and he says, and handling my companies, I take the company commander's word for what is going on. You have to do this to get anywhere. In order to get a true picture of what is going on in this heavy country, I take my staff, I make my staff get up to where the fighting is. This command post business will ruin the American army and Marines if it isn't watched. Hell, our platoons and squads would like a command post in the attack if they are not watched. As soon as you set up a command post, all forward movement stops. That's a good one. It's a good one to think about mentally for you, for us, for me. But when you soon as you set up a command post like, okay, I'm good, I'm good in this spot. I'm not forward progress stops. Don't do it. He says the walkie talkie that Japs have operates. Why can't we have a similar one? The menu says this to hell with the telephone wire advancing with the troops. We can't carry enough wire. We received an order. This advance, the advance will stop until the wire gets in. This is backwards. Because they didn't have good radio communications, they would run a wire an actual wire so they could talk to each other on these little field telephones. Well, obviously it's not easy to run that wire out there. You've seen movies of guys. They got the little wire and a real run and out of waiting and getting shot. I mean, it's a don't nightmare. But then you get these commanders saying, hey, don't advance anymore until you get the wire position. And Chessi's like, look, we know where we're going. Let us go. He said this staffs are twice as large as they should be. The reds of metal staff is too large. I have five staff officers in the battalion and I could get along with less. The officers have to dress and look like the men. One time the commander of the Marine Corps asked me why our patrols failed in Haiti. I replied because the officer's bedding role. In Haiti at that time, the officer had to have a pack meal and the enlisted men saw the officers lying around in luxury. The patrols were actually held up for this pack meal. Your leaders have to be upfront. Those that won't get up there and are not in physical shape to keep up with the men will cause plans to fail. It's okay to say that an outfit cannot be surprised. But it is bound to happen in this type of warfare. So, therefore, your outfits must know what to do when ambushed. So, he said like, hey, look, you can say, hey, we're not going to get surprised. But guess what? You are. So, you better know what to do. Then he says, calling back commanding officers to batowing in regimental CPs to say, how are things going? Is awful. That's his statement. That's a complete statement. If you call me back from the front line to say, how's that going? It's awful. Each company is responsible for its flank. This is a time tested and proven formation which worked. If attacked from the flank face and adjust, the good little thing to think about. In marching or in camp, I just noticed like, now that I'm reading chesty puller, I'm getting more fired up. I'm channeling chesty. In marching or in camp, I think I'm doing what I think he sounded like. In marching or in camp, we've learned here that you must have an all-around defense. There you go. He's just making statements. He's not even, he's just, he's just rattling things off. We need more entrenching shovels. Give shovels to the men who have wire cutters. You need both wire cutter and shovels. I wish we had the M1 rifle and when we get relieved from Guadalcanal, I'm going to make every effort to get it. I consider it my imperative that the army and marines be equipped with knee mortars and only carry one type grenade. Have the hand grenade fit in the knee mortar and be of use as a hand grenade and also as a rifle grenade. You need a rifle grenade or an east squad for uses against enemy machine gunness. I didn't, in some of the other guys, I kind of skip through some of their when it gets starts getting real granular, but I wasn't going to skip Chastipolar because Chastipolar. The following is the result and the so that's it. That's what we get from Chastipolar. But then the following is the result of a conference with five of the best NCOs in the first battalion of the seventh marines. These NCOs were selected by Lieutenant Colonel, Polar. Here's some comments from them. The Japanese fire is not always aimed. It is harassing fire and scares recruits. Get the recruits so they are used to overhead fire. Japs who have infiltrated signal to each other with their rifles by the number of shots. We get these birds by constantly patrolling. He says if one of the guys say, if you shoot their officers, they mill around talking about the Japanese. If you shoot their officers, they mill around their NCOs or poor. You can tell their officers by their sabers and their letter leather patees, which is like some kind of legging. I had to look that word up. Platees, PUTT, EES. It's like a legging. But this is again, this is something that you hear a lot about the Japanese. Is that once their officers are dead, they because they're very centralized command, micro managed. So if you killed their officers, all of a sudden the rest of the troops are just kind of milling around. They don't know what to do. Lieutenant Shepherd 7th Marines also promoted on the field of battle. We salute you Lieutenant Shepherd. I would stress in training teamwork between the leaders and all units. Leaize on between support plans and all leaders. Leaize on between artillery and the infantry. If I were training my unit again, I would really have some high class patrol training. I would do everything with these patrols. I could possibly think of to include losing them and making them go across country without maps or compasses. The Japanese do a lot of yelling at times and at other times they are deadly silent. One night, some Japanese got in our marching column. We discovered them and bayoneted them. At another time, I heard I myself heard a Japanese yell in good English, K company, forward. The japs don't like our men yelling back at them. Okay, next week at two, Master Gunnery Sergeant R. M. foul 7th Marines and he's 24 years of service. He said, we've learned not to get excited or go off half-cocked where there's noise. The Japanese make noise to mislead us. They shot off some firecrackers at the start, but we have learned that where the noise is, he ain't. You never hear a move. He sleeps in the daytime and does his work at night. Officer's an NCOs during shelling should move around and talk to the men. Quiet them down. If you don't do this, some of them will walk around with their fingers on their triggers and they get to imagining things. And along this line, we learned to post double sentinels, one man to quiet another. Sheesh. Imagine that. You got to put two people on watch because you got one of them's going to freak out. All my time in the Marines, I've seen men bunch up. And I've talked about this and make my NCOs talk about this all the time. The men seem to fear separation. I talked about that in leadership strategy in chat. They said, I don't hold section called don't bunch up. And I don't didn't just talk about it from the battlefield perspective, but what happens is the way I, the reason I had to talk about it in there is because yes, people bunch up on the battlefield and they do it because they're afraid. And because you want to hear, you want to be close. I want to get to you to hear what you have. What's going on? What happened from a leadership perspective is people bunch up mentally from the lead. So echo, you have an idea. I like to crowd in with your idea and put my ideas in there. We want to get together. We want to talk. We're going to give our input. It's like, man, give that person some space. Let that plan develop a little bit. Don't bunch up. Don't crowd it. This one says the Japs are man monkeys and they run around considerable. In order to compete with these man monkeys from Japan, you got to be an excellent shape and you've got to be tough. We can lick them and we are doing it all the time. So yeah, we say and they're like in great shape and they're able to move around through the jungle very quickly. Well, I suppose it's like when when Joe Rogan calls some fighter like a gorilla or whatever, right? Yeah, or a monster. Yeah, monster animal. Yeah, because the animal. Check man monkeys. Lieutenant Colonel Frisbee, executive officer seventh Marines. I hope the army is being toughened up. We toughened up by bivowacking, not camping at the combat ranges. We lived at these combat ranges in order to teach platoon to keep off the road. We made platoon's march in the field alongside the road when they moved from one combat area to another. Hey, what's bivowacking? Sleeping in the woods? Not camping, but you know, setting up a small area to sleep in. You're not like put pitching attend. It's like a just a make shift sort of we're going to sleep here. Good for you. Not even a camp, like less. So just kind of firstly been for rest. Yeah. It's not like in a bad way or necessarily good way, just like to get sleep. Like hey, we've been patrolling. All right, we're in a good spot. Hey, we're going to be vowackier for the night. Okay, you know, half guys on security, other half guys get, you know, put your head down. Get some sleep. Yeah. It's probably a good defensive old position. Here's Lieutenant Colonel N. H. Han Khan. Second battalion, seven therines, and by the way, metal of honor from Haiti. It pays in the attack in the jungle to use the heavy machine guns. There is a difference of opinion as you've noticed on this matter. It's hard work. Yes, but don't overlook the value. Moral and otherwise, and don't forget about the high rate of fire. If you did to heavy machine guns and substitute the lights in their place, you must remember that you will be up against the Japanese machine guns. As we all know, a huge fan of machine guns. Yeah. And apparently so is Lieutenant Colonel. Be careful about withdrawing the men unless all the men know what it's about. If you don't do this, you're level to make the men panicky. We already talked about that. Mob mentality can happen. You must realize that there is such a thing as not attacking win order to do so. We have got to get to a point where the men go ahead, win order and damn the highing the most. Corpals must be indoctrinated with leadership to overcome this and all ranks have got to have the hate. Like I said, this is a different time, man. You're going against a different enemy. So we're talking about you have to hate the enemy. That's where we're at. There's a conference with three second lieutenant and five old NCOs of second to tie in seventh Marines. The basic principle of leadership in the US Marine Corps is that the individual is told of his responsibility in different situations and is held to it. You got to have confidence in each other. When signals to move forward are given, you must have confidence that the men next to you will move forward even if you cannot see them. We have that kind of confidence in this battalion. There's a quote here which I am in full agreement with. It says, we love the heavy machine gun period. We have two American Indians. We use as talkers on the telephone or voice radio when we want to transmit secret or important messages. It's awesome. Be mean and kill them. Kill them dead are platoon. Our motto in this platoon is no prisoners. Second lieutenant, D.A. Clark, seventh Marines. Promoted on the field of battle. This officer was interviewed in the hospital where he was recuperating from wounds. We have a lot of trouble in my platoon with water discipline. We also have trouble with men bunching up in order to talk to each other. They seem to do this even though it means death. Major abuse assistant G3 on the general vandagriff staff. We have had to multiply our unit of fire in hand grenades by five. The yellow color on hand grenades is poor. Why can't they just be painted black as the yellow color enables the japs or throw them back? You ever seen that color combination? It's in a very very common in the military. It's like an olive drab, but then the writing is in yellow. And like even the grades, no one listen to this guy because the grenade still have like a yellow band around them. It's not like a bright yellow, but it's definitely yellow. Wait, why is that? Why is it yellow? That's just how they mark them. I mean, there's no particular reason. It looks kind of dope. I almost actually leadership strategy and tactics. Almost went. In fact, the reason I didn't go because it's olive drab, the reason I didn't go that same exact yellow is because you couldn't really read it clearly enough. That's kind of a bummer. I should have just stuck with it. Yeah, like claim more my declaim or my third yellow. Back where it says front towards enemy? Yeah, actually. Yeah yellow. I think. Yeah. Yeah, so it's very good. It's the common thing. It's the common stencil color is this olive drab green and it's a faded yellow. It's like a drab yellow. Yeah. Just. He says this. I am being sent back for arrest. We have been in action continually here from August 7, 1942 until this date, November 26, 1942. What we all marvel at is how general vandagrift can stand it so much better than we do. It must be his character. I want to do like a full-on podcast on general vandagrift. Major Ben J. Northridge, CO2, but I am 164th Infantry. If I could train my men over again, I would put officers and men in slit trenches and drop bombs nearby to overcome fear. We were all scared to death at first. Let's overcome this fear. How about firing some captured 25 caliber ammunition out of captured rifles to let officers and men know the sound? Also captured job machine guns ammunition out of their captured machine guns. Gotta get used to that sound. Luckily we do. Luckily we have AK47s. We can do that. No problem. No factor. We know what that AK sounds like. Lieutenant Colonel Frank Richards, CEO, first battalion 164th Infantry. He says, if I were training my battalion again, I would have training in patience. I would have patrols wait for the enemy to expose himself. They move around too. They have to relieve themselves and they have to get food. I would have the men in this patient's training made be made to sit still for hours at a time. Captain John A. Gosset, CEO, company H, 164th Infantry. Teach the men the capacities of the hand grenade and handling men. Isn't that crazy, dude? This guy is here in Guadalcanal and here's the two notes that he's got. He said, you got to learn the capacities of hand grenades and have a handle men. I thought I knew how to handle men, but since I've been here, I have revised my ideas as I have learned a great deal. I have learned the primitive rough and tumble way. You can't pat all men on the back. You have to be rough with some men in order to get results. It is not my nature to be rough, but I am forcing myself and I have learned which of my men I can pat on the back and which I have to deal with in the hardest manner. Everyone's the same, everyone's different. Captain John A. Dawson, commanding officer, company B. 164th Infantry. If I could train my company again, I would have some maneuvers on which the men were deprived of food, water, and comforts in order to find out which NCOs and men can't take it. I would relieve these people. This type of maneuver would teach men to know and expect hardships. It will lessen the shock when they come up against the real thing in the presence of the enemy. It is important that the entire squad note know how to operate the BAR, not just two men, reason, think of the BAR men who are wounded, get killed and become sick and have to be evacuated. We've tenant John S. Graves, Platoon Leader, company C. 164th Infantry. The biggest thing I have learned since I hit this island is that leadership and initiative is so important here. The Platoon Leader can only be in one spot at a time and men must be trained to act correctly on their own. I've never seen this type of training. Yes, decentralized command. That's just post that on your brain. Sergeant W. V. Demos, squad leader, company C. 164th Infantry. Sir, I would like to say that there is no place for recruits here. We need trained soldiers who have initiative and know what is the right thing to do. The jungle is so thick that squad leaders cannot get around all of the time to see men and tell them what to do. This is the common theme. This is Colonel B. E. Moore, commanding officer 164th Infantry. Note, when I saw Colonel Moore, he was interviewing a patrol and patrol leader who had just come back. They had been on a reconnaissance for 15 hours. The patrol leader had been met at an advanced position and as he had valuable information of the enemy, he was conducted by Jeep to the observation post of the artillery where he directed artillery fire. Then returned to the Colonel where he made his report. The patrol and its leader were nearly exhausted. Colonel Moore had on hand a small sample bottle of brandy which he issued one small sample bottle to each two men. He made them dilute this brandy with water in their canteen cups. It was noticeable that this helped them. The following interview took place after the patrol had been dismissed. One could not be around Colonel Moore very long without realizing that he is a leader and regimental commander in every sense of the word. Taking care of his people. When he says, the greatest problem is leaders and you have to find some way to weed out the week ones. The patrol tuners who cannot command, who cannot force things and you cannot act on the spur of the moment in an emergency are a distinct detriment. Leadership. This is the last thing we're going to read from this book. He says, many of the junior leaders have not used their heads at times and they're training. I recommend you put them up against situations where they must use their heads. He says, the good leaders seem to get killed. The poor leaders get the men killed. The big problem is leadership and getting the shoulder straps on the right people. Not one man in 50 can lead a patrol in the jungle. If you can find out who the good patrol leaders are before you hit the combat zone, you have found out something. I have had to get rid of about 25 officers because they just weren't leaders. I had to make the battalion commander weed out the poor junior leaders. This process is continuous. Our junior leaders are finding out that they must know more about their men. The good leaders know their men. Obviously, that's not new. We've heard it before. In fact, we've heard all this before. What's crazy is they'd all heard it before. Right? These principles have been around. These principles have been around forever. They still had to re-learn those lessons and they still had to make every effort like this manual to pass those lessons on. What should we do? Well, what we should do is we should make our best effort to receive those lessons. Remember those lessons just as we should remember these brave men who learn these lessons in blood. What do you got echoed, Charles? I always, like, so there's kind of two ways you can go with all of this stuff where it's like you hear it over and over and over again, right? Which should sort of reinforce it. So you kind of got to be careful to not regard it. I guess maybe this happens subconsciously sometimes. Where you just, you know, you hear something over and over again and then it just becomes sort of just noise like already know that. You know what's weird about me? Yeah, I know a lot of things. When you say that, like, I can't relate to it because every time I hear these things, I'm like, there it is. I'm like, there it is. It's a reinforcement. It's a, it's a, it's a hearing to get it. It's a little bit of different thing about I know what that means. You know, like that last little section is so crazy to read that. It's so crazy to read that. This guy is saying, in training you, I recommend you put them in situations where they must use their heads. Like, I teach that all the time. That's long front. We're like, oh, you want to train your leaders. You got to put, you can't give your leaders problems that there is a wrote, member, memorable solution to. You actually want to make them think. I always bring up a story with the Germans. The Germans would give their subordinate leaders in training. They would give them problems that could only be solved if they broke the rules, which means there's no format to what they're getting them to try and do. So how can you get your people? You need to put your people in situations where they need to think. So every time I look, and this is a lesson that I've taught before, but I hear it. I'm like, there it is. Yeah, maybe because you like, apply it, it may be often or maybe it made such an impact for because of your experiences and stuff, or maybe both, I don't know. But so it's always sticking with you. So you're always looking to like, reinforce, to make it better to improve on this very thing that you're actually practicing. Yeah, you know what's interesting? So my last three years in the terms, I was running that training. So I got to see, and I always say that the training that I ran was the best leadership laboratory in the history of the world. And I would be willing to go toe to toe and anyone that thinks that they've seen them better. I'm not not not to fight them, but I would be interested if there was someone else that says, oh, we did, we had a leadership situation where this is what we got to see. And therefore we have a really good understanding of leadership as well. I'm sure there's other things that are out there. I'm telling you, when I was running that training, it was freaking awesome. Because you're seeing platoon after platoon after platoon, after platoon, with different leadership, you could see the good leadership versus the bad leadership. You see what work, what didn't work, it was the best leadership laboratory. And I learned, if I got to take the lessons that I learned and see them applied. And when they applied them well, the things would go, well, if they didn't apply well, things would go bad. So obvious. It was so obvious. And what's interesting is now at Esslope Front, I kind of get to do the same thing because it's, hey, I work with the business. Here's what's happening in their market. Here's what's happening in their expansion. Here's what's happening as they grow. So we get to see, oh, here's the leadership. Here's what you need to do. And then I, it's like, this is what the mistake that you're making. This is where you need to move. And so I like you said, I'm very lucky because I continue to get to work directly in this environment that I've been completely and utterly engaged in for, you know, I mean, for a long, long, for decades. And yet, that I guess maybe that's why when I see these things, I think to myself, like, guess, like, I get, it just, just more reinforcement. And yeah, so you like it. What? Like straight out, like, okay, so we'll call this, maybe over simplifying it, leadership, right? Do I like it? Yeah. Are you serious, right? I mean, I absolutely love it. Okay. I love it. And you know what? I love it in the way that what I love about it is it is a continual challenge to it's, it's solving a problem and getting the grad. It's kind of like jujitsu in that you get out there, you learn to move, you see, move, you use the move, it works, it doesn't work, you make adjustments on it. It's a very similar thing. But yeah, I love it because it's super complex and yet it's super simple, right? And the gratification is extraordinary because people, you know, like people say, I did what you just told me to do, you know, I didn't last meeting and Fred's on board now and you're like, that's awesome. And this was a problem for someone that was a legitimate, not just a challenge, but like a threat to their lifestyle, right? A threat to their business, a threat to their corporation. And you're like, hey, here's this, here's, okay, do this, report back. Let me hear what you got. Okay, here's the report. Okay, here's the reaction. Okay, good. That means continuing moving this round. No, that means going over in this direction. So to be able to be lucky enough to take all these lessons that I learned and be able to apply them on a daily basis, it's ridiculous. It's freaking awesome because like it's, do you like leadership? Well, I knew the answer and maybe it was kind of a semi-retortical question, but if, because some people they don't, they don't like it. They see it as an necessity and stuff like that, but they don't really like it. So and then it's a spectrum for sure. It's like sales, you know, like sales, for example, where some people, they just love it and every little tip, every little thing, every little like established, like element of successful state, they're all about it. No, people can be in all kinds of stuff. Yeah, you did too. Guitar, drawing, or reading. I mean, yeah, so if there is a certain philosophical element that is like with stud to test the time and the reading here reading there is a man, it's going to reinforce a thing. They're going to be into it and it's going to be just in their head. They're going to apply it any chance that they get, even if it's this much of a little development, they're going to apply it. Boom, it's ready. It's down because they enjoy it and that's part of their jam. But if, let's say you don't really like it, it's like a chore or whatever, right? You know, there's certain, in tight, there are introvert type people who are in a leadership position who kind of don't like it. They'd rather someone else do it with a people or something like this, right? Sure. And then so those are the ones that might be, I don't know, but they might be the ones that are going to be making these mistakes over and over again because they're not consciously actively trying to implement these lessons that are just in someone like your case, just straight up being reinforced. But for them, it's almost like not even getting it. It's kind of like, I heard that before, whatever, I heard that before, whatever, I'm too busy, like not caring almost in a way, like I'm too busy like caring about the things that I care about and like. Yeah, I think I think where, oh, there's a lot of misconceptions and I wrote about this and leadership strategy in tactics. But here, it's all like the cover flap or whatever. Leadership is the most challenging of human endeavors. It is often misunderstood. It can be bewildered, mystified, and frustrated, even the most dedicated practitioners. Leaders at all levels are often forced to use theoretical guesswork to make decisions and be their troops. It doesn't have to be that way. There are principles that can be applied and tenants that can be followed. There are skills that can be learned and maneuvers that can be practiced and executed. There are leadership strategies and tactics that have been tested and proven on the battlefield in business and in life. So that's what I think people miss out on. Is they miss out on the fact that it's kind of like any skillset that you want to learn. You want to learn how to play guitar. You've got to learn the chords. You've got to learn notes. You want to learn GJT or you've got to learn an on-walk. You've got to learn how to play basketball. You've got to learn how to triple. You couldn't expect, why would anybody expect that they could walk out on a basketball court without ever practicing and be good at it? Now let me ask you this. Have you ever watched some like a skate border or a BMX guy or a mountain biker or a surfer and been like, oh that looks you think in your weird mind that you could actually do what they're doing. That's not the skateboarding guys, but yeah the other guys are crazy. But you think oh like oh I can see myself doing that. So I think people look at leadership sometimes and there's things that are happening. Oh yeah I would do the same thing or whatever. It looks easier than it is. Yeah. And so you have to be careful of that. And maybe that's why I continue to enjoy reading and learning about it because I see how hard it is. I see every day when a challenge it is for people. So if I can take one thing away from a book that I can use as a tool to help someone else maneuver through a challenging leadership situation, I love it. I love adding that capability. Yeah. Yeah. Makes sense to me. So speaking of learning and improving and getting better. What other suggestions might you have for us? Mr. Yeah kind of like me. Echo. Zane. Charles. Kind of like me saying hey exercise will help they improve every other aspect of your life. True. Unlike any other thing or whatever. True. True. No that thing. Sure I'll say it over and over again or whatever helps reinforce it. Hopefully it doesn't become noise. I'll give you some credit now for taking what I just said which is a pretty meaning for moment. And what you just said is you're going to continue to read the same stuff over and over again on the support section of the podcast. What's good for the goose is good for the. The guy on the show what I'm saying anyway we're working out. That's going to improve your life. Hmm. Health. What if you just tried to say things in a different way sometime? Like maybe people would be more interested in it. It's possible. It's possible. Unless we are still working out regardless. I always say it. Yeah. I worked out today. It's bots. What? Oh. Good job. I had plups today. Yeah. By the way, we're in the process of the let's call it the new garage gym of justice. We are probably two months out. Maybe right now. So we're getting there. Yeah. If anybody, if anybody, you know, maybe a year and a half ago, there was a transition where I was, I moved into a temporary holding facility for myself. So that meant a temporary workout facility in my home. And that was all a strategic move to long-term and have a much better sort of facility facility. Yes. So we're getting there. I'm looking forward to unveiling that. I might even do, you know, the, I'll get people as I say, hey, show us your gym tour. Like gym tour. Really? Well, I'll say what. I will, when I, when the new gym is complete or at least like when it's kind of getting close, we'll do a little, we'll do a little facility tour. Yeah. So you're thinking, so what are you going to do? Or you're saying a month or two months. Maybe two and a half. No, maybe two. We should, we're getting there. We're getting close. There you go. We're getting close. So improvements across the board. Straight up facilities, personal health, all that stuff. That's good for it. So we're looking for as one. We're going for anyway. We've got supplements for you. If you need them, which, you know, need, you know, that's a spectrum, but this thing will 100% help you. Yeah. I'm going to go and say that you pro, you need. You need to get joint warfare and acrylic oil. For sure. Yeah. I'm not sure of it. Well, if you're listening to this podcast, which means you're getting after it. Right. Okay. If you're not listening to this, which we don't care, you're, you then you don't need it. Right. Sure. You legitimately don't, because you're like on your own program. You're probably watching TV. You don't need joint warfare and superkill if you're, to, to, to strengthen your thumb to press the remote control. You're not little bit different. Yeah. You, you can just get whatever. More, more french fries, more cheetos. That's what you can get. If you're in the game, you may want to get superkill, you may want. Yeah. You should, you need to get superkill. You need to get to it. Warfare. And the reason I say need is because if you don't take it, you have issues. That's it. Don't just get, get away from the issues. Yeah. Yeah. It's like one of those things like you ever play a, uh, you played soccer before. Yeah. All right. So, you're a baseball football, right? You, you wear a certain kind of shoes. Go on. Cleats. Really? Cleats. So, when you, when you go play, when you suit up, you put on your cleats. Yeah. You don't put on tennis shoes. No. I mean, look, is it possible to put on tennis shoes? Do you need cleat? That's the thing. Do you need cleats? Depends on what you mean by me, right? Exactly. And that's exactly what I'm saying. Okay. So, clarification accepted. Look, if you want to stay on this path and not worry about your joints giving out on you and they can. Oh, they can get it. Give out on you for sure. They can bother you. Ack. They can ache when you're not even exercising straight up. They can. But if you don't want to worry about that kind of stuff, that's when you take the joint warfare in the superkill, 100%. It's taking every day. Like I do every single day. So far, since our last talk. Anyway, glad you've tightened it up. Yes, sir. Also, discipline and discipline go kind of the same thing, just different delivery, different modalities and delivery. Yes, sir. Big time. So, yeah. You know, the powder, there's the powder, there's the pill, there's the energy drink. I'm just call it energy drink. Healthy energy drink. Even though it's barely related to the common, what's commonly considered an energy drink. Right. When I think of energy drink, I think, oh, massive amount of sugar, massive amount of caffeine, massive amount of chemicals to keep it from going, getting spoiled. That's what I think of when I think of an energy drink. And I think of a pink orange and yellow can. That it's in. Yeah. That's what I think of. So that's an energy drink. Now, it is a very strange to say that what we have, which has no sugar, it's sweetened with monk fruit. It's got 95 milligrams of caffeine. So it's got caffeine in it, but that's the same as a cup of coffee. It's not some crazy amount that gets you all psycho, jittery. And you have a bit crash from. And there's no preservatives in it because we pasteurize it. So what we're really talking about are two totally different things. One of them has a bunch of bad stuff in it. The other one has a bunch of good stuff in it. Yes. So why are they both called energy drinks? I'm not 100% sure. One of them should be called an energy drink. The other one should be called poison. Next question. Not to get too analytical on here, but I think I know why. Because you and, you know, some of us, we think of energy drinks not as what the whole energy drink, we just think of the stigma. Not just the stigma, but the stigma is a very significant portion of the show. Rightly so, by the way, put some, if there's some stuff that's straight up bad for you, that should mean something. Yeah. That's what I think. So, you know, you think about those kind of things, or at least so like I said, but you know, they're like hippy people that will say like, oh, that's bad energy. Yeah, that's different. So now I'm kind of feeling like there's such a thing as like bad energy drinks. They like that drink as bad energy. We're at the good energy. And that's lean energy. To me, that's in play too. I think so. So, you know, if you consider the stigma of energy drinks and it's not an unfair stigma, it's not fair. The daikurits. Fair stigma. If you consider that, and you associate it with the word energy drink. Yes, when you look at jocco, discipline, go citrus, cycle, jocco, all these flavors. If you look at that, then yeah, they're not going to be very similar in that way. Because we don't have the stigma over here. No stigma energy drink without the stigma. How about that? There you go. There you go. Boom. Look at that one on joccofuel.com. You like that one. Yes, a joccofuel.com. That's we can get it. That's that's part of origin. Main. Yeah, come talk kind of the same deal. You can also get them at wawwaw the energy drinks. The stigma, the unstigma stigma, stigma less energy drink at wawaw and the vitamin shop as well. Also mok mok. I forget about mok vitamin D. Three cold war jocco white tea. I'm Dr. Axi drinkin somewhere. That white tea right now. Drinkin some of that. And I'm drinking a discipline. Go so I'm kind of getting after it. Vitamin shop wawaw and origin main.com. Also got some we talked about jiu jitsu a little bit today. Fortunately, let's say it was not required to be put into use in guadal canal. Right, luckily we still had we had our bayonet. We were able to just stab people in the neck and didn't have to choke them. But had it been required. We're happy that people were trained in jiu jitsu. And we even if we don't have to use it, even if you don't have to use it ever in your life in a real situation, believe me you're going to want to have it. So train some jiu jitsu and when you train jiu jitsu, you're going to want a ghee to train in you're going to want a rash guard to train in and you're going to want those things to be made in America. And you're also going to want them. Like you're going to want the best possible ones that you could get because you're kind of making a commitment in your life to jiu jitsu. You're going to look at yourself in the mirror and say, you know what, we're going to do this. We're going to gain a skill that will help you in all aspects of my life. Do you ever or you know how like you look at yourself and you kind of have like a little bit of an identity, varying levels of identity, whatever. Do you part of that identity are you like a jiu jitsu person for me? Yeah. I would say yes. Yes. Yeah. But see how you just said I would say yes. Some because it's a spectrum for sure. And not one one is not better than the other by the way. Well, the reason I said that is because when we've talked about this on the podcast, if it wasn't here's why I actually it's just a yes because if it wasn't for jiu jitsu, I wouldn't have be where I am because I wouldn't have been able to figure out a bunch of stuff. Like jiu jitsu for me, the physical part, the knowing how to submit people or whatever that is as far as what I got from jiu jitsu, this is going to sound crazy. That part, the actual being able to fight and beat people up of all the beneficial things I got from jiu jitsu, that part is 20%. The 80% benefit that I got from jiu jitsu was an understanding of the world. Now it ties into combat, it ties into leadership and that those things also participated in providing me with that 80%. But the jiu jitsu was the factor that allowed me to see it. Yeah. So yeah, that makes sense. I think I would agree with that. So yes, I'm a jiu jitsu person. Yeah. So yeah, I feel like if I look my identity, I'm not not a jiu jitsu person, but I'm not like I'm a jiu jitsu person. If you meet someone, someone's not going to be like, oh yeah, that's a jiu jitsu guy. That's not the first thing they're going to say. You're not known as a jiu jitsu guy. Yeah. But people know you do jiu. Everybody knows you do jiu jitsu, even though they also know you do other things. Other things, yeah, that are significant. I think that's why you and I look at you, I don't see okay, jiu jitsu guy, even though you're straight up, jiu jitsu guy. Yeah, I'm just going to say like I got, yeah, I'm not not a jiu jitsu, but then because you have all these other things that you have like straight up like for lack of a better term, significant prowess like in, you know, I don't know about all that. I don't have significant prowess in jiu jitsu, even though we're working on that one. What is prowess really? Like doing good at? Yeah, yeah, they're a great word. Well, I think that, yeah, good. I've totally missed these prowess anyway. I think that like the first time I've ever said that out loud, the word process and the last one. None of the left. That this would go kicking in, getting them brain cells working. Whether you want to be a jiu jitsu person or just have jiu jitsu be party your life. You should definitely make it party your life. You're going to need to get your community, rashguards, go to originmain.com and unfortunately for all of us, we can't just walk around in our geese. Unfortunately, so you got to get other clothing. You can also get that other clothing, at originmain.com jeans, American-made boots, American-made jeans with American denim rivets that are from America. Oh, guess what? Everything I'm talking about without compromise made in America. You go to brass buttons, even the brass, the brass, what? But the brass buttons. Those are significant. Try look at them. They're like, they're legit. I mentioned the rivets. I didn't mention the brass buttons. Just an originmain.com. You're good. Yes sir. Also speaking of other clothing. Jiu jitsu stores called Jiu jitsu store. That's where you can get t-shirts, hoodies, hats, all discipline equals freedom. Good. All this stuff to represent while you're on the path. Heartburn. Jam, yeah. You got that COVID cough home. See, Brian, you're gonna say that. Anyway, also on the teach also on Jockel store. I know we're over COVID now, but when when I had COVID and then you had COVID, I was a little bit happy because I was like, cool, we can still record podcasts. We get an average guest plant, at least we can still go in the record. No factor. Yeah. It's true. A little bit happy. No no offense. Like, you know, COVID plus COVID doesn't equal more. It cancels itself out. Yeah. Kind of thing. All right. Well, I'm clear. We're all clear. Now last, Jockel store. Also on Jockel store. We have a t-shirt club working title. T-shirt club. Get a t-shirt every month. Different varying levels of layers on these t-shirts. They're inside. They're their Easter eggs in the shirts. In the not literal Easter eggs, but Easter eggs, the expression Easter eggs stuff that like if you listen, you kind of know, you know, anyway, interesting shirt to get when every month is cool club. Check it out. If you want, Jockel store.com. Also, subscribe to the podcast. If you haven't already, I think it's important. Very new levels of importance. At Jockel store, can't you also just get rash cards and just like a t-shirt like this t-shirt that I'm wearing, hardcore recondos? Yes, you can. Fully. I mean, you don't have to like go on there and join the club. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, that's optional club right there that we made. It's a good club. Me, people are seem to like it. I think for maybe if anyone look, let's face it, echo. Try to come up with like, hey, we'll just call it the t-shirt club. Okay. Oh, that's good. If anyone can come up with something better than that, which I'm sure most people can. Please. Let echo know that you have a better name, you know, even if it was called like the pickle head club or whatever, people would be like a little bit more into it. Well, I don't know what the pickle head club, but I do agree. I see where you're saying and I can't disagree on that. Okay. Cool. We'll bring the people together. Also, yeah, so subscribe if you haven't already and leave a review if you're in the mood. And God, be creative for the review if you want. Good. These are all good things. Also, got some other podcasts. Yep. We got some other podcasts. Jockel, unraveling podcast. We got the grounded podcast. We got the warrior kid podcast. And also, if you want to, if you want to join and support kind of at the next level, you can go to jockelunderground.com, where we have a sovereign, a sovereign virtual land that we rule and that cannot be taken away from us no matter what happens. So, if you want to support that, we got some extra things going on. There we got some alternative podcasts that we're doing. We got a little Q&A. If you're in there, you can go to jockelunderground.com and join that so we can connect. Check it out. And you can also check out YouTube videos that echo Charles makes. And you can give him some feedback on in the comments sections. I saw a comment. They said, they said, does jockel read these comments? Here's your answer. Yes. I read the comments. The reason I read the comments is so I can attempt to give echo Charles feedback about the level of explosions, fires, smoke, tanks, hegles, aircraft that he puts in the videos. Yes. Yeah. Explosions are kind of like banana cream pie. You know, I can eat banana cream pie for breakfast lunch and dinner. You just have one piece of banana cream pie after dinner, maybe. See, yeah, see, you understand. I see the look on your face right here. You understand. I'm doing. I'm avoiding carrying on to this topic. I'm subscribed to the YouTube channel called jockelpodcast. Boom. There you go. Yeah. Good. Also, psychological warfare. Looking to that one. If you have any moments of weakness looking to this psychological warfare is an album with tracks. Jockel. Each track is jockel telling you, explain to you the methodology, the tactic to get past that moment of weakness. Easy with these. 100% accurate and effective. 100%. That's what psychological warfare is. You get that wherever you get the MB3s. You can get some visual reminders of the path by going to flipsidecampus.com to code a Myers company. Awesome company makes really cool stuff to hang on your walls. Got a bunch of books, bunch of books. Leadership strategy and tactics field manual to talk about it today about face David Hackworth, which I wrote a forward to. The code, the evaluation of protocols, the discipline goes freedom field manual brand new version out. Way the warrior kid, for field manual, get it. Way of the warrior kid, one, two and three. That's the whole series. Mikey in the Dragons, Extreme Ownership and the Academy of Leadership also have Eshelon front leadership consultancy where we solve problems through leadership. Go to Eshelon front.com for details on that. We have EF Online where we do leadership consulting live online. We have leadership courses. So if you want to get deeper into the principles that we talk about here, you can go into that online training program and improve your leadership skills. Go to EF Online.com. I'm on there all the time. So as the rest of the Eshelon front team, we have the master coming up in Phoenix, March 3 and 4 Orlando May 25th and 26 Las Vegas October 28th and 29. Those are our 2021 dates. Go to extreme ownership.com. If you're going to go to that, you have Overwatch if you need executive leadership inside your company. Go to EF Overwatch.com. And if you want to help service members, active and retired, you want to help their families. You want to help gold star families then check out Mark Lee's mom, mom, Lee. She's got a charity organization and if you want to donate or you want to get involved and go to America's Mighty Warriors.org and if you didn't get enough of my belligerent beliefs or you need more of Ecos speculative speculations. Then you can find us on the in-ewebs on Twitter, on Instagram, which just echo I'm talking about what you call the Graham and on Facebook. Echoes at Equitrails, I am at Jocca Willink. I'm also on parlor now, by the way. Okay. So you platform and I am at Jocca Willink. And thanks to all the branches of service, the army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines, the Coast Guard. Thank you for fighting battles out there so that we don't have to and thanks to police and law enforcement and firefighters and paramedics and EMTs and dispatchers and correctional officers and Border Patrol and Secret Service and all first responders. Thank you for providing us protection here at home and to everyone else out there. Look, we heard these lessons before. Remember them. You know them. Be disciplined. Take initiative. Train your people. Train your people from your frontline troops to your senior leaders. You want them to take initiative and practice so you get better. Make sure the team knows the objective. You know these things. Remember these things. Remember these lessons and also remember where these lessons came from. And remember the men who sacrificed everything for us. And until next time, the Zekko and Jockel. Out.