 This is Jockel podcast number 229 with echo Charles and me, Jockel willing. Good evening, echo. Good evening. Leadership means firmness, not harshness or bullying. Understanding, not weakness. Justice, not irresponsible freedom. Humanness, not intolerance. Generosity, not selfishness, pride, not ego-tism. So, little quote for you, kick things off. This is coming. I ran across at the other day and as I ran across it, I saw some of a little bit of the dichotomy, a leadership in there and it just caught my attention and it's a quote from General Omar Bradley, a general with a good amount of name recognition. But a general who kind of flew under the radar sometimes because he was competing with some some big names. You know, he's competing with General Pat and he's competing with General Eisenhower, he's competing with General Mungumri. So, he kind of flew under the radar sometimes. You know, he does have the Bradley fighting vehicle named after him, which is a awesome machine. But he absolutely was a well regarded general in his own right born in 1893 in Randolph County, Missouri, worked as a boiler maker, figured out he could get a free education by going to West Point. So, he went to West Point, graduated in 1915, same year as Eisenhower, by the way. He was a really good athlete, baseball star, could have played pro ball, but chose to be in the army, chose to go and do his commitment to the army. So, 1915, you're probably thinking World War I, WWE, I. Well, he actually didn't go to World War I. He didn't go and fight World War I. There were mining disputes in the unions in the minds up in Montana, and they had to activate some army units to send him up there to guard the mines. And that's what he did. He did that for a little while. And then he did go to unit that was getting ready to deploy to World War I. The Spanish flu came, which everyone seems to know about the Spanish flu now. And they would then know as the armistice, and he didn't deploy. So, he didn't get any combat action in World War I. Thought that that might hurt his career, but he stayed in anyways, ended up teaching tactics at the infantry school, fast forward through the the peace years, made general in 1942, assigned the 82nd division, then the 28th National Guard Division, eventually worked under General Patton as the deputy in charge of second corps, and then took it over himself, led the campaigns in Tunisia, and Sicily, Ike Eisenhower selected Bradley to command the first army during Operation Overlord D. Day. Command, he commanded the most troops of any general US general in history. When he took command of the 12th Army group, 1.3 million troops. Little decentralized command, better coming to play right there, continue with all those troops to push through Europe until the fall of Germany. We covered Ernie Pile on this podcast, podcast number 39, his book Brave Men, it was the heaviest one of my favorite lines. Ernie Pile nicknamed him the GI general, because he was kind of a layback down to earth guy, didn't make a spectacle of himself. After the war, he ran the VA for a while, the veterans administration, first-ever chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff during the Korean War. Retired in 1953, after 38 years of service. I found that the internet is amazing. I found an evaluation. You know, we talk about the evaluations, the evaluation, the Marine Corps evaluation, the Navy evaluation. I found an evaluation of Bradley written by General Patton. Pretty cool, because it shows what type of a person Patton was just in the way he wrote this thing. So, it says subject efficiency report. Through commanding general, NATO USA APO 534 to an agedant general, war department, Washington, D.C. Name in grade of general officer reported on, Omar F. Bradley, Lieutenant General. Period covered, 1 July 1943 to 8 September 1943, 2 months and 8 days. duties performed. Commanding general 2 core, 1 July 1943 to 8 September 19 something unclear. Manor of performance, superior, physical activity, superior, physical endurance, superior, knowledge of his profession, superior, for what command or duty would you specifically recommend him, and army. And then what opportunities have you had for observing him during period covered, intimate daily contact? Does he render a willing and generous support to plans of superiors regardless of personal views in the matter? Yes, which is a very interesting topic to cover. You think about what they've got in there, physical duty, knowledge of his profession, what job would you recommend? And then does he give generous support to plans of superiors regardless of his personal views in the matter? So, this guy is going to back you up. The answer there is yes. And 10 of all general officers of his grade personally known to you, what number would you give him on this list? And how many comprise your list? And Patent's answer is number one, I know all of them. Further remarks deemed necessary? None. signed GS Patent Jr. Lieutenant General, U.S. Army Commanding. So, that's a pretty awesome review. The interesting thing is if you know anything about the history of Bradley and Patent, there's some interesting dynamics there. First of all, they had very different personalities. Patent was, you know, flashy and ego driven in a lot of ways and Bradley was not. And there's some quotes I pulled from Patent's journal, journals about Bradley. So, it's interesting that you can have these right in that glowing like evaluation about him to try and get him promoted. But at the same time here's some things he said about him. Bradley is too conservative. He wants to wait until we can all jump into the fight together. By which time, half our men will be, will have the flu or trench foot. I wish he had a little more daring. Another one. Bradley is a good officer, but he utterly lacks it. It too bad. The it factor echo Charles. Next one, Bradley is a man of great mediocrity. On the other hand, he has many attributes which are considered desirable in a general. He wears glasses, which I have no idea. I have no idea why that's cool. To be a general. He wears glasses. He has a strong jaw. He talks profoundly and says little. And he is a shooting companion of our present chief of staff general Marshall. Also, he is a loyal man. I consider him to be among our better generals. Another quote. We had a lot quite a long talk and I told Bradley a lot of my best ideas to tell general Marshall. I suppose I should have kept them to myself, but I am not built that way. The sooner they are put into effect, the better it will be for me. So there, here we see a little plant in the seed, you know, leading up the chain of command right there. And then he says, it was really a great plan, holy my own. And I made Bradley believe that he thought of it. That's exactly what I talk about. Look, plant the seed, let them think it's their own idea. But because it's patent because he got a little bit of that ego that kicks in. He also wrote this. I do not wish any more of my ideas to be used without credit to me, which is what happens when I give them orally to Bradley. How's that for sure, excited? That's saddery. Little bit saddery. Another one where ego gets the best of patent. He says, Courtney Hodges and Omar Bradley both received a distinct service metal for their unsuccessful defense of the bulge. I did not receive one for successfully defending it. So clearly these guys had a, you know, an interesting relationship. General Bradley also wrote a book. And it's from what I gather his A. D. Camp did most of the writing, which I'm not saying that's a horrible thing because writing is a, is a mechanical thing that you have to do. And if you can get someone to catch your ideas and do it well, then it's fine. But the book was released in 1951. It's called a soldier story. It's 600 page book. Details is experienced as the army had, obviously, especially in World War II. And I'm sure we're going to cover that book at some point we're not doing it today. But you know, when I, after I read that quote about him and you know, just talking about leadership and kind of the dichotomies that are there, I remember this short piece that I haven't. I got a bunch of these little short things and a certain file folder in my computer. And they're old too. I've been collecting them for a long time. What's the name of the file? It's a books and PDFs. I have this thing, books and PDFs that I just download. I save them in a books and PDFs. I got a lot of them. We've covered a bunch of them too on this podcast. So I remembered this one of his and it is called leadership. General of the army, Omar and Bradley, the articles first published in a winter 1972 issue of parameters, which is the magazine of the US Army War College. Editors know, General to the Army, Omar and Bradley visited Carlisle Barracks on seven to eight October 1971 to meet with members of the 12th Army Group Association. While he was at Carlisle, he addressed the Army War College faculty and students on the subject of leadership. His address contained observations that were gleaned during a long and significant career. A careful reading of his remarks, give us some insight into the qualities that made General Bradley the great soldier and human being that he is. General Bradley's thesis is that leadership is an intangible that involves a constant interplay between the leader and the lead. When this interplay is successful, we have the ingredients for great accomplishment. So, there you go. Kicking into it. All of you here this evening are leaders. I am pleased to meet you. What you do may well dignify the past explained today and secure for all of us tomorrow. Perhaps I can touch upon a few factors that will underscore the value of good leadership. Leadership is an intangible. No weapon, no impersonal piece of machinery, ever designed can take its place. It's an interesting idea that leadership is intangible. Have you ever heard that expression? That somebody asked for the definition of pornography and the Supreme Court Court just said, I can't give you a definition, but I know it when I see it. It's a weird thing, because leadership, if you're going to define it specifically, it's kind of the same answer. Look, I can't tell you exactly what it is, but I know it when I see it. And you see different people do it differently. Yeah. And you can see two different people say or do the same thing, but it'd be like, hey, this guy's leading in this guy's sort of not. You know, he's doing something else. Yeah. There's, in leadership strategy and tactics. I give someone talking about pride and the same sentence about pride, depending on who is saying it, and what context it is can be negative or positive. Yeah. For instance, that guy's full of pride, right? Yeah. Or that guy's full of pride. You know what I mean? Like that's the same sentence. But it needs to completely different things. Yeah. So continuing on, this is the age of the computer, by the way, this is 1971. And if you know how to program the machine, you can get quick and accurate answers, but how can you include leadership and morale, which is affected by leadership into your programming? Let us never forget the great importance of this element, leadership, and while we use computers for certain answers, let us not try to fight a whole war or even a single battle without giving proper consideration to the element of leadership. Leadership is the most important thing on the battlefield. You're a little calculator over there. We're going to be covering a podcast shortly about the creation of Top Gun and same thing. There's some people that would do the calculations of this, this aircraft versus that aircraft. And think, well, this aircraft, this is period aircraft, it will win. How many times is that wrong? What are they not calculated? They're not calculating the human element. How many times have you watched a UFC fight? We're on paper. Everyone thought, person A was going to win, and person B wins, because the human element, they don't calculate it. So how can we expect to calculate what's going to happen in combat without trying to figure out what implication leadership has on it? Continuing on, another element to be considered is the man to be led and with who's morale we are concerned. I'm constantly reminded of this point by a cartoon which hangs over my desk at home, which depicts an infantryman with his rifle across his knees as he sits behind a parapet. Above him is the list of the newest weapons science has devised. The newest weapons science has devised and the soldier behind the parapet is saying, but they still haven't found out the substitute for me. So there's a human being. Of course, with this particular group of service personnel, I'm considering leadership as it applies to a military unit. However, having been associated with industry for some time now, I find it difficult to completely separate the principles of military and industrial leadership. They have much in common. Yeah, and he retired in 1953 this 1971. He worked with some companies. I know he was the like the chairman of Blova. Blova, how do you say it? Blova, watch company, BUL, OVA. Yeah, Blova. Yeah, Blova, blah, blah, blah. He was using the chairman of that. So that's a big company. So he understood the same thing that we now know to be true. And that's a strong statement that I say it. Yes, I did. We know to be true. I couldn't have told you this 10 years. The day I retired from the Navy, I couldn't have told you that military and civilian leadership in the same. I couldn't have answered that question. I didn't know it. I didn't know the answer. It wasn't until I started working with civilian companies that I said, oh, these are the same. The same principles employed in both situations. And that's what Omar Bradley is saying here. He says they have much in common. They have more than much. They have a lot in common. I'd go so far as to say they have everything in common. But there's differences. But I'll tell you, the differences between leading an army of platoon, leading a Marine Corp. Those there's little differences there. Are the same differences between leading a gas station and a construction site? There's, so going from one construction site to another, there's little differences. I used to say that about seal platoons. Because like the difference between a seal platoon and another seal platoon are the same differences that you find. There's just going to be differences in those situations. The principles don't change. The principles don't change leading a construction site. The principles don't change leading a manufacturing line. The principles don't change leading a Girl Scout troop. Leadership is leadership. Moving on, in selecting a company in which to invest our savings, we often give primary consideration to the company with good leadership. In similar manner, a military unit is often judged by its leadership. Good leadership is essential to organize action where any group is involved. Now, if you were to dig down into this right here, I'm here to tell you, if you're going to invest in a company, the number one thing you should look at is what's the leadership like, because if they have a great product, groundbreaking product, but they have horrible leadership, it doesn't matter. Leadership should be the number one you component you look at. When we work with big investment groups, sometimes they're wanting us just to tell them, doing assessment, making assessment, what is this leadership pod like one of these humans like? Are they good leaders? Do they have capabilities? Do they have potential? Are they bad? Those are the questions. Continue on the one who commands, be he a military officer or captain of industry, must project power, an energizing power which coordinates and marshals the best efforts of his followers by supplying that certain something for which they look to him, be it guidance, support, encouragement, example, or even new ideas and imagination. Projecting power. That's an interesting concept. And look, I'd love to tell you, well, you know, let's know you didn't need to project but if you dig a little bit deeper on that statement, it's fairly accurate. Projection of power. Yeah. A peer powerful. Just saying, hey, I got this. We can do this. You know what I mean? I guess it's a form of confidence. Yeah. Which he talks about later, but I think that that projection of power and energizing power. That's what he's talking about, which coordinates and marshals the best efforts. You've seen this before, right? Let's just look into a kind of a generic situation. You see a group. They're not really focused. They're not really making anything happen. And all of a sudden, the leader steps up takes control, exhibits that power and they and marshals those people to move the same direction. That's what leadership is. You're watching American beauty. You're watching that movie. I have seen it, but I don't really remember. It's actually pretty good. But there's a part this guy, his name, was named, but he called himself the king of real estate. He's kind of an all one off character. And he said to the lady, I forget her name, something burn him. Anyway, it says to the lady, call me crazy, but it's my philosophy that in order to be successful, one must project an image of success at all times. Interesting. Super cheesy. And let's think about that, right? If you project an image of success all at all time, when are you projecting your vulnerability? When are you projecting your humility? If you're just walking around by the the the the the the murk. Right and you're rolling with the Rolex Mercedes. Okay, I understand. Rolling with the murk and the Rolex. The Rolex. The Rolex. Yeah, but I don't I don't I don't necessarily. I don't remember. I don't remember. When I heard that, I was like, probably you're just a composer. That's what all you do is it was like basically it was because like he just broke up with his girl. And then the lady was like, oh, I thought you guys were doing so well or whatever. And then he's like, it was alive. You're essentially yeah, it was like basically I put on an image of success to be successful in my business. I don't know, whatever. I got a better idea. If you want to be successful, why don't you be humble? Why don't you step up in work hard? There's a bunch of other better ways to be successful than pretending to be successful. I'm a throw that out there right now. I don't agree. Continuing on. The test of a leader lies in the reaction and response of his followers. That's straightforward. The reaction response. Look, if you're a leader and people don't react correctly, you're failing. He should not have to impose authority. Say it again. He should not have to impose authority. Bossingus in itself never made a leader. He must make his influence felt by example and the instilling of confidence in his followers. The greatness of a leader is measured by the achievements of the lead. This is the ultimate test of his effectiveness. You know, I think he brushes up against a lot of stuff. And this is like my third time reading through this today. And I keep I keep seeing little connections, right? I keep seeing little where he's brushing up against really important things and talking about him, talking about him, kind of passes through him, like mentions them. And some of them are perfect. He should not have to even impose authority. That's obvious. It's almost like he's uncomfortable saying it because he continues on by his hand he must make his influence felt by the example and instilling of confidence. So, see the thing that I have a prompt while I guess I don't know. Maybe you can help me. And still in confidence, what does that mean? There's a little bit of a lack of explanation behind that. We know what it means. Maybe this is why he says leadership is intangible. Because look, we say, hey, you want to instill confidence in your people. Great. Thank you. That's that goes without saying how do we actually do it? How do we actually do it? How do you and so confidence in people? Oh, how about you give them something that they can handle? Okay, that's a good thing. How about we take our team and we go out and we accomplish a pretty simple straightforward objective and our confidence goes up a little bit and then we handle more complicated one. We keep doing that and then we give subordinate leaders things. You see what I'm saying? This idea of just making people confident, instilling confidence in your followers, great. How do I do it? And by the way, that's leadership strategy in tactics. That is why I wrote leadership strategy in tactics. Because those questions right there, I realized there was a gap between, hey, build a relationship with your boss. That's great, Jocco. How do I do it? How am I supposed to do that? I was on EF online the other day and I said, I said, Jamie, because I was talking through someone, I said, I got the name, I got my next book and she was like, oh, great, because she's always mad because I'm doing too much. Yes. And I said, because we were talking to somebody about Ego, I put, oh yeah, I would give that personal Ego massage maneuver around plant the seeds, all this. And I said, my next book is going to be called, what was it? Ancient techniques of Ego massage therapy. Right? Because you could actually do that. You could say, hey, here's the person that you're dealing with. Here's how you want to massage that Ego. Here's another person. Here's another ancient technique of Ego massage. Yeah, that'd be actually really good. I know. No, I'm not even kidding. Because you know, you could tell someone, even now, like if they don't have the guidelines like a for real comprehensive, you know, instructional, they're going, it's so easy to take that kind of too far. You know, like, oh, just massage is Ego. Yeah, you go massage Ego do too much and the guy's like, probably this guy's kissing my ass right now or just trying to massage my Ego. Because this kind of part of Ego massage, effective Ego massage, they're not really knowing like that you're doing it for the sake of you. For sure. Yeah. For sure. If they know you're doing it, that's a really work as a sketch. Yeah. All right. Cool. I'm waiting for that book too. Yeah. Yeah. So I'll get, I'll get working on it. Get cracking. Maybe we'll just be a little, maybe just be a little short, little handbook, cup techniques for the troops out there. You know what I'll think of? I'll think of other ancient techniques that need explanations and I'll put them all in, let's say there's four sections. What do you mean ancient techniques? I'm just saying that. That's cool. Yeah, sounds cool. Yes, sir. Yeah. I probably could write a little book on that just by watching you do certain stuff. Well, you know what you can do to help me is you go, I saw you do this and then I can go into that exactly what I was doing and that would be helpful. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's good. Because you get to see what's interesting for you is you see maneuvering happening on multiple different fronts. Yes. And I sit here and tell you hey, this is what's happening over here with this company. This is what the move is going to be. Watch out it unfolds and you're like, okay, and then you watch and you go, okay? Makes sense. Yes. Yes. All right. Continue moving on. Two frequently we use the words leader and commander synonymously. We should not forget that there are far more staff officers, staff officer assignments and there are command billets and a good staff officer can and should display the same leadership as a commander. While it takes a good staff officer to initiate an effective plan, it requires a leader to ensure that the plan is properly executed. This is good stuff that we're about to dive into. That is why you and I have been taught that the work of collecting information studying at drawing a plan and making a decision is 10% of the job. Seeing the plan through is the other 90% a well-trained officer is one who can serve effectively either as a staff officer or as a commander. So by a staff officer they mean the guy that's coming up and helping coming up and putting together the plan and going through logistics of it all. That's the staff officer and then there's the person that makes it happen. That executes it. That's the commander. It's interesting to think. This goes back to what we were talking about on the last podcast where I was saying, look, you're your commander and your troops, right? You're both of those things. So you can come up with great ideas in your little head. Beautiful plans. Amazing plans. Can you imagine how many people come up with plans that are actually freaking awesome but they never execute them? Think about that. That is a graveyard. A massive, infinite graveyard of incredibly good plans that never got executed on. The staff guy in their head, there's a nut see this is where the metaphor continues because you got a staff guy in your head that said, come on up with these little plans. Right? Coming up with these great plans. Hey if I start this work out. Hey if I start this business, hey if I can produce this thing, they come up with these staff officer coming up with great plans. Super. Good job. Unless that commander can get the troops in your head to execute it as no value whatsoever. And by the way, and we've talked about this, that idea by itself is zero value. Yeah. This is your old value. You come up with this great idea. Hey, Jocquai, thought of this new app. Right? Because everyone thinks of a new app every day. Hey, Jocquai, thought of this new app. It's game changer. Okay. Cool. Get it. How many of those things get executed? Yeah. Not many. So let me ask you this. Mr. opinion on this. So let's say me and another person. Right. Good. So okay. Let's say somebody says, hey, I have this great idea and tells you. You know, and it's an, and I, it's a good idea actually. And it says, this is how I'm going to execute, you know, whatever. Actually, there's so many different scenarios. But okay, this one. Okay. Here's my plan. And it's a, I'm starting to worry about the execution of this very idea. So we watch this unfold. Let's see what's happening. Okay. And then I don't have the capability to execute this plan at all. You know, there are other people who do, but it's just my idea. It's my idea. I don't know. I've got pill vacures, cancer, I don't know anything. But let's say, I have that idea to tell you. And then you're like, oh, yeah, good idea. And then years go by and I never execute. I never call somebody up to help execute it. You know, I'm just done. That was just my idea that I intended it. He went into the graveyard. Then he said, and then you say, then is a good idea. I unlike you have the capability to actually execute most of this. And I know the other guy who can execute the rest. Meanwhile, me, I don't, I don't have any capability. And I don't know anyone. I'd have to go shopping for my N.A. simply didn't do it. Right. Let's say you say, okay, and you execute the plan and be successful in your new thing. Mm-hmm. Right. Is that like a violation or how do you feel about that? Because you know that happens a lot. Right. Yeah, it definitely happens a lot. And it paints the reality. And what's interesting, you've heard the term idea guy? Oh, yes. Like, oh, that person's a good idea guy. Want to head. But it's kind of, it's kind of a pejorative, right? Oh, that guy? Well, that guy's an idea guy. Meaning like, hey, that guy can't really make anything happening. Good. You can sit around here and spout off good ideas. That's great. So funny. That's great. But you don't actually execute on any of them. Yeah. Which is just, what do I think should happen? Quite honestly, I guess in a perfect world, that person that came up with the idea and didn't execute it, he's paying the price for not making it happen. And the price is you watch somebody else, you know, go and and do well with your idea because you didn't execute. Right. So he's going to think, let's, let's say the, let's say I'm the idea guy in this particular scenario and you're the, you're the guy who can actually make it happen. Right. Usually the idea guy is going to be kind of salty because he's like, hey, I told you that the whole idea, you know, not how to do it, but just the idea like that was my idea, you know, like on sign field, it was my idea for the colon that smells like the beach anyway. Okay. It's a thing. But usually that's why that guy's salty, right? Yeah, he's mad. Yeah, he's mad. But the reality is, like, Brad not only did you not execute, like, I don't even know if you could. Really. Yeah, there's a weird thing there because if you don't have, you said two things. You don't have to keep the ability of executing, which is a little bit different than don't have not having the will to execute. Yeah. So this, what I meant was, you don't like, okay, so I get this, this whole scenario is actually like a real scenario that happens all the time. Back when I used to make websites, like, I'd hear it all the time or at my brother, J, he makes apps. So when you say, you're going to go to school, I'd different, you know, oh, that's a real thing. And everybody's calling him, like, I got this idea for this app, right? Meanwhile, they know nothing about what they're doing at all. Like they're like, oh, this is, it wouldn't be cool to have an app that can read people's minds. Or that's not a real one, but I'm just saying, meanwhile, they have no idea about making apps first off. They have no idea about mind reading, second off. And they have no idea about, like, anything else, you know, they're like, but they're like, that's a cool idea. Let me call the app that, you know, and then so most of the time it's like, even if that were a good idea, which it's not, but even if it was, I don't need you for that to do it. You see what I'm saying? Yeah, and there's a weird thing there because there's also people that don't have any good ideas, but that are really good at execution. Yeah. So what I recommend you do is you form up your team where you have people that have ideas and people that can execute those ideas. Yeah. So you compliment each other. You work with someone that can actually make things happen. I couldn't make this podcast. I didn't know how to press record. You know, I didn't know how to. I didn't know what piece of equipment we're going to need. I couldn't execute it. I have an idea. Hey, I think we should do bad. That's the exact same thing you're talking about right now. Now, I could have sat in my closet by myself going, I had going to do a cool podcast about war and human nature and it would be so good. I could sat there for five years with this idea and someone else would come out. Maybe I would have told somebody and they would be like, I'm going to execute on that. What did I do? I actually said, oh, I don't have the capability to execute this by myself. Fine. Echo Charles, do you know how to make a podcast? Yes, I can figure it out. Cool. We're making a podcast. That's an example. Right? I can't execute it by myself. And it doesn't matter to me. I'm not caught up on the fact that because there's people that sit on ideas, they won't tell me, they're not selling this NDA. Right? I've signed so many NDAs for people to tell me they're brilliant ideas and I go stealing. Yes, I won't steal it. And it's like, okay, cool. Very few of them. I feel bad. People are listening to this story. You said an NDA. There's some good ideas out there. Right? But a lot of them are number one, the real obvious, you know, I've had people hit me well again. Hey, man, I'm already doing that or hey, that's in the works or whatever because it's just sorry. Oh, you know, but that's a classic example. Look, I know I can't execute. I'm not going to sit. You don't long as sat on the idea of having a podcast not very long. I want to have one who can help me execute this Echo Charles. Boom. Yeah. Yeah. Man, I always, I kind of feel it's weird because when you think about it, let's say, I don't know, you're a lot more mature than most of us. I do them 48 years old. I'm not saying I'm saying you're at it too. I'm saying you're at it too. Not your physical being, uh, you know how you're saying, even at 48 years old, you don't think of like, oh, this guy's mature. He actually just, oh, you know what I mean? You say someone that's a 20 one. You go all these pretty or actually like 17, you know, he's pretty mature kid, right? Oh, okay. I know, and so but the reason I'm saying is you understand because this, this immaturity versus maturity applies to it no matter what age. So let's say, all right, I'm going to use me. I'm not saying I'm like this. I'm not saying I'm not like this, but I'm going to use me as the example. Yeah, so I'm like, let's say that I'm like, hey, you know, I'd be a great idea. Just impassing to like, I don't know, my friend or whatever. Let's say he's a surfer or surfer or surfer or cheaper or something and maybe an engineer too, you know, and I'm like, oh, you need to be a great idea for a surfer or the little motor on there. So I don't know whatever. We'll just say a motor on there. That does this and that. You know, like just impassing, right, that's my cool idea. First off, not only do I not know anything about surfer board making, it's like, I didn't really even mean like you should really do that and let's go into business. I didn't mean anything like tie to set it. Meanwhile, it's stuck in the guy's head where he's like, yeah, I could totally do that and no one's doing that and he does it becomes massively successful, right? Most of us will have at least 1% of our little brain saying like, oh man, like, that's my idea. Like, I deserve part of it and you know what? If you, if I was the surfered, shaper, mechanical engineer guy and you gave me that idea and I was successful, I would give you reward. I would take care of you. I feel like cool. I think that's, I think that's the right thing to do actually. Yeah, I think something special. But, it would probably be out a different proportion than you think, because people with ideas always think that they think that they, they think that the idea is the hard part. Yeah, that's the everything, the idea without an idea, there's nothing, right? Right, without an idea, there's nothing. However, they're both equally important. But the idea usually gets less in the investment world, your good idea gets you like 10%. It doesn't get you 90%. A lot of people think that the idea should get them 90%. It doesn't get you 90%. It gets you 10%. It gets you 15%. Yeah, and under certain circumstances, yeah, of course. Mainly, I'm thrown out there as kind of a generality. I agree with you even 110%. You think I could agree with you 110%. Apparently, I think the idea part of it is worth less. All right, because everyone, it's like, okay, okay, here's my idea. I'm saying it publicly. Straight up. Here's my idea. A pill that cures cancer. Just cures it. Just saying. That's a good idea, right? See, I'll kind of blame that that is, like, okay, so now one freaking, look, and not only did a million training people already have that idea, as far as an idea goes, like, I have no capability of executing this. Maybe I could get, like, yeah, I think that's kind of a bad example. Well, it's an extreme thing that better one. No, it's an extreme example. It's so extreme that it doesn't make, it doesn't make the point. You didn't think of something a little bit better. Well, all these app ideas are like kind of like that. It's like, you don't even, most of us don't know even how apps work. As far as making them. Yeah, you know what else is interesting is a lot of times the first company that has an idea and investment and pushes it. A lot of times they aren't the ones that are actually successful with that, with that idea. It takes another someone to take it to the next level. The MP3 players Apple didn't invent those. There was other companies that made MP3 players and then Apple came and made it into the iPod and it was super successful. So there's a lot of times where the idea phase just to get that thing launched and then someone else looks over and goes, yeah, that's a pretty good idea or jumping on it or jumping in the game. Yeah, and that kind of goes back to it in a way. So, you know how back to what you said where it's like, okay, if you got an idea from somebody and then you actually executed the idea and made successful when they had no capability or intention by the way. And you became massively successful when you'd pay them or whatever. I would be cool. But what if you didn't know the person? What if you heard the idea on like you're watching, I don't know, project or unwares something and you heard like one of the people say an idea just in passing to their friend on the show. You don't know them or nothing. I don't know. If you contact them and be like, hey, friends in hell, successful. I was a massive, massive, you'd one billion dollars. Yeah, I'd try and contact that person and be like, hey, I got this idea from you. Yeah, I don't think I would. Yeah, I think I would. I'm pretty, that's what I'm saying about that maturity, but I'm very mature. You're very mature person. Trying to take care of people if you know if they deserve it. And if you come up with a great idea, even though you did nothing to execute it, what if the idea is bothering me? Oh, yeah, sure. Especially when they do all the time. What if someone had the idea and forgive me for stringing this out? But I'm trying to see, I'm trying to identify your threshold. You seem to see. What if the idea was said by someone that you don't know in passing and it was a joke? It wasn't even like a for idea. Like it was a joke. Like you're like, oh, we should invent a parachute that can spring a motor and take you, I don't know, something kind of ridiculous. But when you thought about your like, wait, wait, wait, wait, that's not where you did. I could actually do that. You did it. You know, they're totally joking. In fact, they were kind of mocking it. Then would you reward him? You got that idea from that? I don't know. I'd have the more specifics on the scenario. All right. But if people hit me with good ideas, I will take care of them. You know, pretty straightforward. All right. Go on back to the book. That's a rough. I can recall a former vice president of one of the companies with which I am associated. He would formulate some good plans, but never followed up to see that his plans got the expected results. I knew he had served in World War II. So out of curiosity, I looked into the nature of his service and found that his entire period of service was a staff officer. He had never had the advantage of a command job. So his training was incomplete. Maybe if he had remained in the service longer, he would have developed his leadership qualities as well. And this man would still be with the company. So if you're not able to execute things, your ID, this is now see now I'm starting to get mad because because it does bother me when people just want to throw on ideas and they don't push him to completion. That's that's unsat. That's unsat. And yeah, you didn't even talk about that could deal to. We're talking about that, too. It's like a sin. Yeah. You don't follow through. And all this. So and that is true, which kind of takes me back to what about that idea guy who's like you stole my idea, right? It's like it kind of makes that thing a little bit more angry. Like it makes you mad a little bit more. One of the person is like, hey, that was my idea. It's like, you're like, you're you're a low utility person. You don't execute on anything ever. And now this was your idea and you somehow deserve something for the success of the idea. Meanwhile, you provided in my opinion, less than 1% of the ideas success. Yeah. Yeah. When you get into these hypothetical scenarios where the person is basically not really creating the idea for the purpose of being executed, maybe that's the line. But if you're creating an idea in your acting, if you've created an idea in your actively trying to get people executed on it, I'll probably I will take care of you. If you're not even intentionally trying to create something, first of all, you're used not no factor in the world. Like how would I even know who you are? You're not you don't even step up. You don't leave a trail of, hey, that connects you to this idea. Yeah. So it's no factor. Actually, zero factor. The person is just unsat. You may have heard heard this story about General Persia in World War I, while inspecting a certain area, he found a project that was not going too well. Even though a second lieutenant in charge seemed to have a pretty good plan. General Persia asked the lieutenant how much pay you received. When the lieutenant replied, $141.67 per month, sir. General Persia said, just remember that you get a dollar 67 for making your plan an issuing the order and $140 for seeing that it's carried out. Yeah, you need people like that. And I'll tell you, this is another thing, would that go in the next book? Well, maybe not the next book. It'll go into the next ancient technique book. I'm going to ancient technique will be getting things, getting the troops to execute the plan. How do you do that? Because this is again, he brushes up against these things. Like, hey, we all know that it sucks that if your team isn't doing what they're supposed to do, how do we actually get them to do it? Right? What are the leadership strategy and tactics, which some of which I do talk about in leadership strategy and tactics, how you get the people to actually get the job done that you want them to do. And part of it has to do with, you know, this guy seemed to have come up with a pretty good plan. Well, if you let your troops come up, the plan, there's going to be a better chance of the execute it. As we know, so that might go into the ancient ancient procedures. Ancient techniques. You remember that video that I was in where I was talking about the ancient masters? Yes, the ancient masters. And I said something where you said to me, I could tell you were reaching for a word. Because I said something like, let me summon the power of the, and I didn't know what to say. I paid it by myself in the corner, and I said, the ancients, which by the way, may have been brood in my head from tenacious D, because he's got one of their, one of their, or the HBO specials, they talk about the ancients. And that's exactly what it came from. I had to summon up the D. They came through at the moment of truth. Because that, those videos, that particular video, for somebody's number, a little bit more, I have a little bit more fun when I'm annoyed. A little bit of a disillot. A little bit of no mocking in or something. So what happened was the female who was prompting me with different questions? She says, you know, so tell me, tell me what you do to get up in the morning. And I said, well, what I do is I sent my alarm clock, and I, when it goes off, I get out of bed, which is my standard answer I give in a thousand times. And then she says, no, no, no, but she said something along lines, and she was super cool. She said something along lines of, no, but I mean, I think my producers, can you give my producer more than that? And that's what I went into this whole thing. But it was just off the top of my head. But I got stuck for a word and the D delivered for me. Yes. So now there's me whole book connected to that. See that levels. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. All right, continuing on. He's, so we started about the person thing. You get paid $140. You get paid $1.67 from making the plan. You get paid $140 for seeing that is carried out. He says, I'm not sure that I would go to that extreme. Certainly in these days, problems are complex and good staff work, plays a large part about resolving them. I have known commanders who are not too smart, but they were very knowledgeable about personnel and who knew enough to select the very best for their staffs. Remember, a good leader is one who causes or inspires others staff or subordinate commanders to do the job. Boy, I've known commanders who are not too smart, but they were very knowledgeable. There's, I know there's all kinds of like literature about this kind of thing, but there's different kinds of intelligence, right? Absolutely, different kinds of intelligence. And one of the least most important types of intelligence is book smart. When it comes to operating in the real world, one of the least important types of intelligence is, hey, I can memorize this for a test or I can understand these kind of, if you can't read people, if you don't have the emotional intelligence, if you don't aren't able to react, if you aren't able to control your own emotion, there's about a million things. Yeah. So you can be not too smart and still do outstanding, especially if you're smart enough to go, you know what, I'm not that smart, but I got, I got Fred over here. You get some brain horse power, I'm gonna bring him on the team. I'm not gonna put him up in front of the troops because he fumbles around with his words, but I'm gonna have him going through my plan line by line, check in the numbers, making sure we're good to go, build the right team. Furthermore, no leader knows it all, although sometimes you find one who seems to think he does, a leader should encourage the members of his staff to speak up if they think their commander is wrong. He should invite constructive criticism. It is a grave error for the leader to surround himself with a yes staff. Hence, no yes men, leadership strategy and tactics, do not surround yourself with yes men, speaking of ideas that have been stolen Omar Bradley. I stole that idea, I guess, and put it in a book. General George C. Marshall was an excellent exponent of the principle of having his support and speak up. When he first came to Chief Staff, when he first became Chief of Staff of the Army, the Secretary of that office consisted of three officers who presented early to General Marshall, the staff papers or studies coming from the divisions of the General Staff. I was a member of that secretary. We presented in a abbreviated form the contents of the staff studies, citing the highlights of the problem involved, the various possible courses of actions, considered, and the action recommended. At the end of his first week as Chief of Staff, Marshall called us into his office and opened the discussion by saying, I am disappointed in all of you. When we inquired, if we might ask why, he said, you haven't disagreed with a single thing I have done all week. We told him it just so happened that we were in full agreement with every paper that had been presented, that we knew he wanted and that we would add our comments to anything that we considered should be questioned. In the very next day, we presented a paper as written and then expressed some thoughts which, in our own opinion, made the recommendation recommended action questionable. General Marshall said, now that is what I want. Unless I hear all the arguments against an action, I am not sure whether I am right or not. You don't want us around yourself with those people that are just going to tell you that right. Anyway, you feel that or you see that with the celebrities that surround themselves, with the people that just tell them, hey, you're the greatest, you're super, you can do whatever you want, and then you're watching on the downward spiral of destruction. They need someone going, hey, bro, stop. That's dumb. You might be able to get away with it, but you're not going to get away with it for long. And it's going to be hanging over you. That doesn't happen. They get surrounded by people that just blindly support them. Do you feel that it's like, I guess, when you think about it, it seems like a two-way street, right? Like the person, okay, so you don't want to surround yourself with just men, right? And let's say you happen for like a better way of putting it, you happened to not surround yourself with yes, yes, men. It's not like you actively were like, hey, you're a yes man, and I don't really hang out with you. I just put it up with Fred and he's like, we'll push back and say, Dave, you trust him because you're both your friend or whatever, right? Versus the person who's like actively surrounding themselves with people were not yes men, right? But the two-way street kind of goes where if I'm not saying celebrities are like this, but some people in the world are like this where it's like, hey, and maybe they don't consciously think of it this way. They just go by their feeling and they're like, hey, this person doesn't agree with me like all the time. Like this person does. And when this person agrees with me all the time, it really makes me feel good. And this is just the feeling. They're not consciously, you're saying, you're saying that someone may just by small decision after small decision, after small decision over time, they just end up getting rid of everyone that gives them any objections. Yes. I think that's exactly what happens. I think that's why you have to proactively make sure you've got people on your team that are going to push back. You know, and I just was on the EF online today, I was talking about the fact that I was hyper paranoid about making sure I took input from other people. There was the when the seals went into Panama. They went into Petia Airfield was a rough operation lost four seals. And I worked for a guy that was there. He was on the boats that that put the seals in. And so he had been through the whole planning process and everything. And I asked him, I said, you know, what happened? He explained to me that what happened tactically on the ground. And I was kind of, okay, I get that. I was, I said, but how did you, how did that plan? Because the plan seemed like it had some, some violations of sort of fundamental, like normal tactics that seals use. And he just said that there was a couple of guys that kind of work, no, this is what we're going to do in this work. It's going to work. And there wasn't a lot of push back against it. So I always felt that it was really critical that you want push back and that you listen to it. Because if, you know, all those seals and, you know, those heroic guys that died on that airfield, if a plan can get through all those guys, all those seals, then we need to make sure our minds are open and we're listening and taking input. Because otherwise, if you, if you come up with a plan that you think is great. Now, when you hear a question about it, you've got to listen to the question. You've got to listen to the question. So it's, for that it's a hard trick. Like, you know, when you come out with a plan or an idea or whatever of video, whatever. And you show it to someone or you present it, and here's the thing, when you come up with a comprehensive plan that you're happy about, you're fired up, you know, I know what you're going with us and you're like saying how hard it is. I am so conditioned at this point to be paranoid. I was trying to figure out where that came from in my head and it came from that situation from hearing that guy who ended up, I ended up working for hearing him explain to me, hey, there wasn't enough pushback and we went forward with a plan that not everyone agreed with. And you think, I thought to myself, I'm never going to, so at this point, I come up with a plan for anything which normally, as you know, I try not to, I try to let out of everybody else come up with a plan. But sometimes I do come up with a plan. And I'm so comfortable with someone saying, hey, I don't like that. It doesn't have any impact on me whatsoever. So easy for me to say, actually the right point didn't think of that. Yeah, man, that's so good because you, and you, you know, you've put it, you're the one who put it like this where it's like you don't emotionally attach yourself to the plan. But I guess that's the really the point that's hard. I watched seal, but tune after seal, but tune after seal, but tune, get so wrapped around the axle of the plan of my plan. My plan. And you know, normally at the end of the day, and this is when I was running training, I would watch, because I'd sit there and watch and plan and you're, I'm defacto detached because I'm sitting back watching them plan. But you would see them just go down the road of arguing with each other about my plan versus your plan. Both the plans are work fine. I'll tell you what, won't work. It's trying to plant, do the plan in 20 minutes because you've wasted four hours arguing about which plan is better. And I would see that all the time. Yeah, you know, that yeah, I feel, I'm not going to say I've gone through this. I'm not going to say I've not gone through this, but you know, you show someone a video that you might have made or whatever. And you're like you say, hey, you know, tell me what you think of this video before you release it or something like that. And really, when you really be honest, this is what it is. Half of your brain is like, hey, I need some feedback to make it the best I can. And let me give you a look just so I can get some good feedback, you know, on improving it, that's half. The other half of your brain is kind of like, hey, this is kind of the premiere a little bit. And I want to get rewarded for my work, you know, with, with, you know, praise and hopefully applause or something, you know, kind of like that. So it's like your two sides of your brain. So one, when you do have to get feedback, where it's like, hey, I would improve this. I would do this or at that beginning, got to change it or whatever. That second part of your brain is kind of like, bro, why did I even show it to you? Like you're not even looking being cool about it, you know, kind of, kind of an attitude, you know, that's the part. Once again, this is where humility is so important, because otherwise you just don't improve anything. I don't know. Hey, if I show someone a piece of writing and they go, yeah, you know, I like this, but you can do this different. I'm like, okay, cool. And sometimes, I just wrote a piece and I sent it to one of my editors and look, I will say they wrote 100 things. Well, let's say they wrote 50 things. Of the 50 things that they wrote, I accepted, I don't know, 93% of them. There was one major change. The only, the most significant change in the piece. And I said, hey, I appreciate the feedback. I'm not changing that thing. And it wasn't because of Eagle, it's like, okay, I read it five times and said, you know what? That's absolutely needs to be in there. And I saw her perspective and said, you know what? I get where she's coming from, but this ties everything together. And I think that's what I didn't do a good job explaining to her. But yes, you have to at least be open to it. You have to at least be open to it. Yeah, yeah, admitting to yourself that you're like, and going to it with the attitude of, hey, I have to actually strongly be able to defend my position. And if I can't defend my position, then you're probably right, right, like on a logical level almost. Yeah, not like, hey, that was cool. You put down that my writing, you know, like not that added. Yeah, you know, Mike, just like I say, well, my goal is to listen to if you and I are working together and I'm in charge and we're going to attack a target. My goal is to have you come up with the plan. That's my absolute goal. When you come to the plan, I'm not looking at it. What's wrong with it? I'm saying, what's right with it? I like it. I like your plan better than what I thought I was going to think. When you bring me a piece of, when I bring you a piece of writing and you give me feedback, my goal is to go, okay, your feedback is correct and I'm wrong. And unless it just pains me to change something, then I'm going to lean towards your recommendation. Yeah, that's a good way to look at it. It's like you're writing or whatever, you're completed to work that you need feedback on. It's like you just, if you go in automatic, the regarding it as this, there's a problem with this. There's holes in this, it's missing stuff and it has too much of some other stuff. Yeah. I know that for a fact and it that upsets me. I'm going to go to this person and they can identify them, these things. That's it. Yeah. Not how awesome it is. It's like, there's a problem with this and I need this problem to be solving this person and tell it. I was listening to Brian Kaufman on Tim Ferriss's podcast. Brian Kaufman and David Levine are the writers of the show, Billions. Have you heard of the show? I have. I hear good things. But it was interesting because Brian Kaufman, I wish I could remember exactly what he said. There's two things that he said. Number one, if he's going to give somebody something for feedback on something that he's written, you don't give someone their completed project and say, hey, can you give me some feedback on this because I already finished it. What you're really asking, if I say, hey, echo, I wrote this book. Can you give me some feedback on it? Yeah. That's sort of it's sort of a bad thing. I have to say, hey, echo. This is just a draft. Yeah. And then he had some response of saying something like, do you want me to read it? Or do you want feedback? He had some way of saying, hey, you want me to really go to town on this thing or do you just want me to read it? You just want me to watch this video that you made or do you want feedback? How was I could think, would you say something something, do you want professional feedback or something like that? Something that was, hey, look, if I give this to you straight, it's going to sting. Yeah, that's the man. That's so good. Because it's almost like they're because they're two different people. They're two different roles you're asking this person to be. Do you want this person to be an audience member? Exactly. I can. Or do you want your own trick? And credit or editor or assistant? What you want? Yeah. So it's just two different attitudes. And that's, yeah, that's the emotional ego part versus the, you know, the technician or whatever the other guy is. Yeah. So those are you got to get that humble brain going. If you want to ask people for feedback and anything. And it stings every single time. So it works. Go back to the book. If you happen to be a detailed, detailed to a staff, trying to be a good staff officer and if possible, avoid being a yes man. I would suggest to all commanders that they inform the members of their staffs that anyone who does not agree once in a while with what is about to be done is of limited value and perhaps should be shifted to some other place where he might occasionally have an idea. Over here, just an agreement all the time. I don't need you. I don't need you. Of course, I'm thinking about the decision making process. After a decision is made, everyone must be 100% behind it. I thought the British were admirable in this respect during World War II, no matter how much discussion they're had been on a subject. As soon as a decision was made, you never heard any doubts expressed. You had to believe that everyone involved in making that decision had never entertained any ideas except those expressed in this decision. You know how I used to explain this to the young junior officers, because I used to say once a decision is made, you executed as if it was your own. Now here's where people will freak out about that, right? They freak out about that because they think, but what if I don't really agree with it? If you don't really agree with it, check a couple things. Number one, if echo comes up with a plan and you're my boss and you're telling me how we're going to do something and I'm like, no, we need to do it this way. The first thing I need to check, and finally you're like, no, we're doing it this way. That's the decision we're going forward. The first thing I need to check is, what do you think it is? Take a guess. Yes, I need to check my ego. Because I would say upwards of 90% 90% of the time, the only reason I disagree is because of my ego. Because I got some little idea and I think my way would be better. And even if my way is better, it's not drastically better because we're both fighting for the same cause. Right? How often is it a boss is like, hey, we want to execute this way and someone says, hey, that's a really horrible way to do. It's going to be unsafe for the team members and it's going to not, it's going to lose money. And the boss, because I don't care. No, we're doing it my way. No, he goes, wait, wait a second, what are you talking about? Explain this to me. How is it unsafe and how are we going to lose money? So the idea is, first thing you check is, is it my ego that's preventing me from accepting this new idea? What are the degrees of variance between my idea and the way it's actually happening? Because if the degrees of variance are minimal, then shut up and go and execute the plan as if it was your own. Now, if there are significant degrees of variance where it's going to be a really bad situation and I hate to use the word catastrophic. But certainly, if you see a catastrophic problem, then you go, hey, we cannot do this. This is not good. And you don't go forward if it's going to be catastrophic or again, go back to leadership strategy. And taxes and you've got to make it as then you've got to figure out, is it better for me to go ahead with it? But now I can go mitigate the damage, mitigate the risk as much as possible. That might be what you have to do. So that idea of executing as if you believe it as if it's your own, which is what you should do. You need to have those conversations. Listen, put your ego in check and then if it's close enough, you go Roger that. Boss, I'm on board with the plan. Let's go execute it. And you do execute it as if it's your own. No factor. Continuing on, I don't want to over-emphasize leadership of senior officers. So you just don't want to just talk about senior officers. My interest extends to leaders of all ranks. I would caution you to remember that an essential qualification of a good leader is the ability to recognize, select, and train junior officers. I would like to quote from a book entitled, The Born at Reveley, written by Colonel Red Reader. Colonel Reader was on a trip for general martial and one of his assignments was to inquire into junior leadership. This is an account of his conversation with Colonel Bryant Moore on Guadalcanal. Quote, Colonel Moore, I said, tell me something about leadership. I had hit a sensitive spot. Colonel Moore forged ahead leadership. The greatest problem here is the leaders. And you have to find some way to weed out the weak ones. It is tough to do this when you're in combat. The platoon leaders who cannot command, who cannot foresee things, and who cannot act on the spur of the moment in an emergency are a distinct detriment. This is clear, right? We know this. But there you have it reinforced for the one million time. If you've got weak leaders, you're going to have problems. If you can't command, if you can't foresee things, and if you can't act on spur of the moment, you're going to have problems. When's the last time you heard that's a negative thing, right? Oh, he acts on the spur of the moment. Actually, there's sometimes where you need to do that. He continues on. It's hot here as you can see men struggle. They get heat exhaustion. They come out vomiting and throwing away equipment. The leaders must be leaders. And they must be alert enough to establish straggler lines and stop this thing. And I need to do, I try to research this in order of the book. If the book is actually for sale, it's called Born and Reveal. It got some interesting reviews. It seems like a good book, where they say, I guess it's written in some offensive language in modern era. So, but I, because I wasn't really a hundred percent. The leaders must be leaders, and that they must be alert enough to establish straggler lines and stop this thing. I guess he's talking about heat exhaustion, right? He must be. straggler lines are lines of people that aren't ready to fight and stop this thing. I'm assuming he's talking about the heat exhaustion. So it goes on. And this is why I think that's what it means. The men have been taught to take salt tablets, but leaders don't see to this. Result heat exhaustion. The good leaders seem to get killed. The poor leaders get the men killed. The big problem is leadership and getting the shoulder straps on the right people. And then the book continues 60 millimeter mortars, mortar shells fell about 30 yards away and attacked a number of coconut trees. I lost interest in taking dictation and the Colonel stopped talking. When the salvo was over and things were quiet again, Brian Moore said, where was I? You saw that patrol. I tell you this, not one man in 50 can lead a patrol in this jungle. If you can find out who the good patrol leaders are before you hit the combat zone, you have found out something. Now what's interesting about that is first of all, one man in 50 can lead a patrol in this jungle. That's a significant statement. And I will tell you, he says, if you can find out who the good patrol leaders are before you hit the combat zone, you found out something. How do you do that? You do that by putting them in these pressure situations. We had such a benefit. Our guys were so ready. We put these guy. We put, I put my, I put the seals going on deployment through training like that where you could see them break. You could see them not be able to handle it or what's more important. They wouldn't be able to handle it day one, day two. They'd be a little better, day three. They'd be a little bit better, day four. They'd be a little bit better. By the end of a six month workup, they're actually one of the people that can make these make these things happen. So it's not just about finding the good patrol leaders. It's about training them. He says, I have to get rid of about 25 officers because they just, I've had to get rid of about 25 officers because they just weren't leaders. I had to make the batiding commander weed out the poor leaders. This process continues other junior leaders are finding out that they must no more than they're men, more about their men. The good leaders know their men. Of everything he talks about, he says, the thing that he gives that you must know your men. That's the thing that that's that's the one that he doesn't say. They need a navigation. They need to work on your fire. He said, they need to know their men. Very interesting thing to focus on for for this guy talking, for general more talking about this or Colonel Moore. But I will tell you that having to get rid of about 25 officers, I'm going to go ahead out on a limb here. And I don't know how many officers he went through. But some of those officers could have been trained. Could have been trained. Could have been prepared. Could have been molded. Could have been and could have been educated. Could have been tested. Prior to going to combat, he probably would have done better than having to get rid of 25 of them. Continuing on, what then are the characters? What then are the distinguishing qualities of a leader? There are many essential characteristics that he must possess. But I will mention a few that come to mind as perhaps the most important. First, he must know his job without necessarily being a specialist in any in every phase of it. A few years ago, he suggested that all engineers, all engineering subjects, be eliminated from the required studies at West Point. I objected. For example, bridge building is especially for engineers. Yet, I think every senior officer should have some idea of what is involved. When we reached the Rhine in World War II, it was not necessary that I know how to build a bridge. But it was very helpful that I knew what was involved so that I could see the bridge engineers received proper support, in tonnage, allowed, and an idea of the time involved. So first, know your job. You have to know everything about it. I didn't know the sniper weapons this good. This sniper's did. I didn't know the radio. This is good. This is the radio man did. I didn't know the route. This is the point man did. But I knew enough about him. Continuing on, specialty is dominated almost every problem faced by the military today. By the, but face today by the military leader or the business manager. This individual must get deeply enough into his problem that he can understand it and intelligently manage it. Without going so far as to become a specialist himself in every phase of the problem, you don't have to be a tank expert in order to effectively use a tank unit of your command. Thomas J. Watson of IBM once said that the genius of an executive is the ability to deal successfully with matters he does not understand. This leads to another principle of leadership, which I have often found neglected both in the military and in business. While you need to be a specialist in all phases of your job, you should have a proportionate degree of interest in every aspect of it and those concerned your subordinates should be aware of your interest. So you, you should be interested in what is happening. You must get around and show interest in what your subordinates are doing even if you don't know much about the technique of their work. And you make these when you are making these visits try to pass out praise when do as well as corrections or criticism. That's an interesting one. It's very interesting. What Omar Bradley points out here that, hey, not only should you know what's happening but you should show interest in what your subordinates do. You know how I would translate that. I would call it building relationships. It's a little degree of relationship. That's what he's talking about. He's talking about building relationships showing interest being out there. Building relationships with your troops. Again, I think a lot of times in this speech, he's either brushing up or he's using his own verbiage to cover to talk about the same things that we talk about all the time. The same things that I write about all the time. Continue on, we tend to speak up only when things go wrong. This is such a well-recognized fact that a complaint department isn't in an essential part of many business firms. To my knowledge, no comparable facility exists anywhere to expedite the handling of praise for a job well done. It need not be extravagant. We all get enough criticism and we learn to take it. Even Sir Winston Churchill, despite his matchless accomplishment, found occasion to say, I have benefited enormously from criticism and at no point did I suffer from any perceptible lack thereof. But let us remember that praise also has a role to play. Napoleon was probably the finest exponent of this principle of recognition through his use of a quarter inch of ribbon to improve the morale and get results. So interesting that Bradley is very focused on praise. Very interesting that he's focused on praise. You can see what kind of a different guy is than Pat. And by the way, I forgot to say this. His book, Much of the movie patent, the famous movie Oscar award winning movie patent. It was a lot of it was based on on that book that he wrote, a soldier story. It's clean because there's two different philosophies right with the praise thing. Yeah, you know, you just get the feeling that Omar Bradley was a little bit a lot more. A lot more humble, a lot more open and probably hey, good job buddy. Where you don't expect Pat and to say hey, good job buddy. Unless it's some crazy situation. I told the job soldier. Right. But you picture Omar Bradley going, hey, nice work on that. That was good. You don't really saw him just saying it's an interesting thing for him to keen and on. It feels like there's I mean, maybe it goes with different personalities or whatever, but okay, so on one hand you have the guy who's always saying good job. One's good job. Different corrections when that's right. I can't make it out of both. So they're essentially it's almost like you're constantly in touch with how they're feeling about you kind of thing as a worker or as whatever. So it's like, it'll be like good job. Every little thing is either a good job or hey, you could do this a little bit better. Every single little thing. Right. So it's like you kind of know where you stand and it's kind of comforting, I guess in that way. But at the same time, it's kind of like Wendy, you know when you really did a good job. You don't really know as much you're not telling touch, but the opposite, the other guy who doesn't say anything, you do a little good job. You won't hear nothing ever. You'll know about the corrections for sure, but they tend and I'm speaking from experience more than anything. They tend to be like big corrections if you have to make it, you know, because it's no, if it's no factor corrections or it's like, you know, whatever, like, fine, it's a 80% solution and it's cool, whatever. Meanwhile, they don't say much as what I'm saying until something's a big deal good or bad. So really it kind of makes you want to strive to get that big compliment, you know, more so than. So it's less comforting, I guess, day to day, but at the same time, it's almost like this intangible motivation to do a good job for this guy, you know, you're kind of seems like that. Yeah, it's a dichotomy that's got to be balanced. You don't want to go overboard, you don't want to be compiling every little thing, you know, apart from every little thing either. I would say you are correct. It's better to back off a little bit and have your, have your compliments or your criticisms be worthy of either one of those things. Smaller corrections more often are easier to give than big corrections when people aren't used to see kind of conditions someone, right? You can condition someone and it's good to do this. If if I condition someone where they expect like, hey, some some pretty straightforward feedback, that's a totally positive thing. If you're not conditioned to it and all of a sudden I hammer you with something, it's a blow, you know, it hurts and it might even make you defensive. But if I'm constantly not constantly to the point of being annoying, but if I'm on a regular basis, I'm telling you, oh, echo, you know, can you adjust this thing when you when you put these things out or hey, echo, when you when you get when you get when you get done with the project, the report needs to have more detail in it. Okay. Well, the more I correct you and again, I got to be careful, can't go overboard, but I got to get your condition to where you understand that I am going to give you some some feedback, some negative feedback about what you're doing. Don't want to harp on you. It's really hard to tell, right? Because a lot of times people just sit there and take it and they go and kick their dog because they're mad at their boss. All right. The next little characteristic of a leader he says, both mental and physical energy are essential to successful leadership. How many really good leaders have you known who are lazy or weak or who couldn't stand the strain? Sherman was a good example of a leader without standing mental and physical energy. I cite him with some trepidation because some of you may be from Georgia. However, during the advance from Chad and Nuga to Atlanta, he often went for days with only two hours of sleep per night and was constantly in the saddle, doing reconnaissance and he often knew the dispositions and terrain so well that he could maneuver the enemy out of position without a serious fight with minimal losses. So general to come to Sherman, who marched to the sea, $100 million worth of damage in Georgia as he kind of destroyed things as he went. But showing that he had this high level of energy continues conversely, a sick commander is a limited value. It is not fair to the troops under him to have a leader who is not functioning 100%. I had to relieve several senior commanders during World War II because of illness. It's often pointed out that Napoleon didn't lose a major battle until Waterloo where he was a sick man. A leadership possessed human understanding and consideration for others. Men are not robots and should not be treated as though they were machines. I do not by any means suggest coddling. There's another example of the dichotomy, right? Don't treat him as if machines, but don't coddle him. But men are highly intelligent, complicated beings who will respond favorably to human understanding and consideration. By this means their leader will get maximum effort from each of them. You will also get loyalty. And in this connection it will it is well to remember that loyalty goes down as well as up the sincere leader will go to bat for his subordinates when such action is needed. Pretty straightforward dichotomy right there. A good leader must sometimes be stubborn. Here I am reminded of the West Point cadet prayer and part of that prayer says, I leader must be able to choose the harder right instead of the easier wrong. Armed with the courage of his convictions, he must fight to defend them. Then he has to come to a decision after thorough analysis. And when he is sure he is right, he must stick to it even to the point of stubbornness. Grant furnaces a good illustration of this trait. He never knew when he was supposed to be left. A less stubborn man might have lost at Shiloh. By the way, Shiloh 24,000 dead in two days. Total nightmare. Maybe you've heard a story of General Grant and Richmond campaign when, after being up all night making his reconnaissance and formulating and issuing orders, he laid down a fell asleep under tree. Sometime later a career wrote up and informed General informed the general that disaster and he is right flank. And that is troops. At the end of the line, we're in full retreat. General Grant sat up. Shiloh his head declared the cobwebs and said, it can't be so and went back to sleep. And it wasn't so. He had confidence in himself and in his subordinate leaders. A little hard for me to accept that one. I may give a little bit more attention if someone comes and tells me of my flank is collapsing. But the point being he had confidence, hey, we're going to be all right. Yeah. Yeah. That seemed like a little tail. I mean, I don't know. Obviously, I don't know if that's true or not. I'm assuming it's true, but it seemed like more of an exaggerated tail. Like straight up sleepy. Yeah. Straight up. There's a picture of Dave Birkin. I good deal to. Yes. Where I think we're putting in combat outpost, Falcon, and downtown Ramadi. Yeah. And the picture is probably, I don't even know when the picture's taken, but we're both asleep. We're both of us sitting up against a wall we're both asleep. We privately asleep awake for 24 hours at this point. He's the commander of salt. 16. Yes, salt six. He's he was a lightning one six. And I was the commander of task unit, bruiser. And we're both just racked out. Yeah. We're in the go. But what in the combat outpost, the combat outposts was now secure. There's a bunch of guys from the 137 army just surrounding this thing and building it out. And we get some sleep. So apparently we did. Yeah. Sleeping gets a bad rap, I guess. Now that you kind of mention it, you know, how sleeping on the job. Sleeping on a job. That's not a good expression. Like that expression is not a positive expression. Yes. You know, like hey, if you're sleeping on the job, you're not doing a good job. Yeah. But if you, yeah, actually, Dave talks about the story. Like as soon as he would get into an Overwatch position and get it set up and get security set, he'd be like, cool. I'm going to say, come here. The planning cycle for like us officers going into the field. We would be planning basically the whole time. We're ready to go in. We would know that once we got in the field, we could get some sleep. Yeah. Because there's no chain of command breathing down your neck for another conops. Submission. You're just out there. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Free. But if you're asleep to private, well, a lot of times, you're not, you know, good to know. But yeah, I do know what. I'm not 100% on board with that. I'm just being straight up. Like there's, I mean, I read some things that say, you know, if you, if you've missed, if you haven't slept for 24 hours, it's the equivalent of three, you're, you're legally drunk. I don't think so. Yeah. I don't think so. There's times, I'll tell you what's a good example. The early musters that we did when we were doing the musters, we were, we didn't, we didn't have a system down yet. And so we didn't know all the things that we're going to have to tackle. We were just, we just didn't prepare correctly. And so we, late for night would be up all night long. I think the worst muster as far as sleep goes was New York City. New York City, one of the nights, I think it was the first night. We had to sign whatever, 900 graduations certificates. It was 130 in the morning when we got started. P.T. by the way, for us, starts at three. So we sat there, we signed them, we went to bed for now, we woke up. And next day, we're on stage the entire day. No stopping people, really questions at me. Oh, what about this? What about that? I'm crap, crap, crap, crap, now could I have done that if I was seven drinks drunk? Some people can. Well, and I guess, well, let me, let me rephrase that. Let's not compare it alcohol. Because we know function that you could pull it off. But to say that I was up there cognitively impaired. Right. I don't think it's, I don't think you could say that. Yeah. I don't think it's true. Yeah, I think the reality of it is that different people are different and it's going to affect people in different ways and generally speaking, you know, getting free adequate risk is better than not getting at the end of the day. There's no doubt. Generally we'll take it. We would love to get that big old sleep. Sure. That's great. But what I'm saying is people don't always get to sleep a lot and you still have to make critical decisions and you're mind just like your body can adapt to certain situations. When I'm doing something, I just met out of time. I don't know what's happening. I'm on my mind. Right. Yeah. So, you know, it's interesting. The, okay. So there is, I'm not going to, I don't know the studies, but if you believe that you got enough sleep, it affects your capacity. So like, that almost suggests like, man, if you're just like, I'm going to beat you up through this hundred percent. Oh, yeah. And that's your attitude. That will help your cognitive capacity. Even if you didn't get that much sleep. And I think I've met more than anything where it's like, I don't mean you're no good to know about it when you're, you know, it's sleep-deprived. I'm saying it's a good attitude to have to make sure like your team or whatever isn't sleep-deprived. That's a good attitude to have, you know, but as an individual or team member, whatever, it's good to be able to function with it. It's been sleeping without. For sure. Yes. You do need to be able to sleep as preferred, but what I'm saying is it's not going to, you can step up and rise to the occasion. Look, I don't recommend it for sure. You want to be able to sleep. Yes. But I'm not drastically cognitively impaired at the moment, you know, where all of a sudden, wait a second, you know, I don't know what they answered that question is, hold on, you know, that doesn't happen. It doesn't happen. You're adrenaline flows, you're up there, you're, you pull the trigger on your gun, whatever. Things are happening, you get in the game, you get in the game, you know, you know, falling apart. No, you're making things happen. Even, you come to the mustard that you operate on very little sleep at the mustard, especially the early ones. Yeah. I see you, you know, hey, I forgot to press record. Well, you know what I'm saying? Maybe haven't been paying attention as much as you could of that case. Check. All right, continuing on, I do not mean to infer that there is always just one solution to a problem. Usually, there is one best solution, but any good plan, bowl the executed is better than indecision. There is more, there's usually more than one way to obtain results. And the most important thing about that little section right here, look, we know that's the same thing Pat and says, any good plan, bowl the execution is better than indecision or a good bowl is Pat and say a good plan executed now is better than a great plan executed next week. Saying the same thing, there's usually more than one way to obtain results. I like that. I want to focus on that because again, I'm not arguing with you about six and one half dozen the other. I'm not arguing with you about chewy-bring six vehicles or five vehicles. I'm not arguing with you if we should invest, you know, $800,000 in this market or $740,000 in this market. I'm not arguing with those things. What's the outcome going to be? They're going to be pretty close. There's more than one way to get a cat. Cool, let's go. Let's rock and roll. And by the way, when you come up with a plan and I go, you know what echo, let's do it. Let's do what you say. And we start going down that road. It's not like we're stuck there. And I go, hey echo, it looks like your plan might not be working out that great. Let's make an adjustment. You go, cool. Sounds good. And by the way, you're more open to hearing my suggestions if I was originally open to your suggestions in the first place. I built a relationship there. We're going to multiple fronts. Continuing on, another quality of leadership that comes to mind is self-confidence. You must have confidence in yourself. You're unit and your subordinate commanders and in your plan. This recalls a couple of incidents just before the invasion of Normandy, 1944. Story went around in some of the units that were making the assault on the beaches that they would suffer 100 percent casualties that none of them would come back. I found a necessary to visit these units and talk to all ranks. I told them that of course we would suffer casualties, but certainly our losses would be less would not be 100 percent. And that with our air and naval support, we would succeed. After our landing, a correspondent told me that on his way across the channel in one of the leading LSTs, he had a notice they sergeant reading a novel struck by this seeming lack of concern by the sergeant. He said, he asked aren't you worried? How can you be reading a time like this? The sergeant replied, no, I'm not worried. General Bradley said everything would go all right. So why should I worry? I can't recall just what I had said, but it accomplished its purpose, at least where one man was concerned. I might relate another incident where there was a lack of confidence. I had to relieve a senior commander because I learned that his men had lost confidence in him. This meant of course that we would not expect maximum performance by that division. After being relieved, the officer came back through my headquarters and showed me a file of statements given to him by request. I am sure by the burgo master of all the towns his division had passed through. If he had confidence in himself, he would not have felt the need for all those letters. That's a cool little story. So he fires this division commander and the division commander comes out and says, listen, I haven't been doing a bad job. Here's the mayors of all the cities that we've been through. Here's they told me I did a good job. Here, look at the letters. And he's like, and he actually goes on. After seeing the letters, I told the officer that if I ever had any doubts as to whether to relieve him, those doubts were now removed. His letters proved beyond question that he had lost confidence in himself. So it was no wonder that the man had lost confidence in him. So definitely confidence is important. The interesting thing is humility, which is chapter two in extreme ownership, Czechyrigo, became an army value in 2019, which is awesome. But I also, he talks about confidence. That's what he talks about. He never league explorers. What happens when you get overconfident, right? And we all know that you can get overconfident and you can lose. So that's why humility is important. He says here, next characteristic, a leader must possess imagination, whether it be an administrative decision or one-made in combat. The possible results of that decision must be plain to the one making it. What will the next step be and the one after that? That's all he gives to imagination. That's all he gives to creativity. Need a little bit more. While there are many other qualities which can contribute to effective leadership, I will mention just one more, but it is a very important one character. This word has many meanings. I am applying it in a broad sense to describe a person who has high ideals who stands by them and who can be absolutely trusted. Such a person will be respected by all those with whom he is associated. And such a person will readily be recognized by his associates for what he is. Circumstances mold our character. These circumstances affect different people in different ways. From exactly the same set of circumstances, one man may theoretically build a palace, while another may have difficulty building a lean to. A lean to. It's a little hot. Little meat, the roof leans up against a stick. Put some, put some leaves on top of it to keep you dry. That's called a lean to. So from the same experiences, one person builds a palace, the other person builds a lean to. That's a rough one to take. It's a rough one to take because you might look around and say, well, you know, I know of the right circumstances in my life to be successful. I promise you that there's someone with worse circumstances, that's more successful than you. Promise you promise you. I believe this. It has been said that a man's character is the reality of himself. I don't think a man's strength of character ever changes. I remember a long time ago when somebody told me that a mountain's mountain might be reported to have moved. I could believe it or disbelieve it as I wished. But if anyone told me that a man had changed his character, I should not believe it. I don't know. Look, I think it's hard for people's characters to change. I don't think you can change someone's character very easily, actively, proactively make their character change. But I think that through life and through experience, people's character does absolutely change. And you can meet someone now that you knew 10 years ago and you'd say, whoa, that person's a whole new character and you would mean character. And it's classic sense. Yeah, I mean, what is character do you think? What just kind of moral, like your fiber, you know, it's not because it's not like you can talk to pretty much anyone and they'd probably tell you, yeah, like I'm a different person than I was 15 years ago. Pretty much everyone would be like, okay, that wouldn't be a big surprise or whatever, but they're not talking about that, right? Like, character is different. Well, they are talking about that. What he's saying is that, you know, that slimy guy that you knew in high school that was trying to screw people over and whatever, he's saying like, that guy when you meet him 20 years later, guess what he's doing, still a slimy guy. One's doing another thing. I disagree with that. I actually have known people whose character has changed. And for me, I mean, there's a, we could do a whole show, I guess about what is character, but like for me, character is doing what you're, you know, you're supposed to do. Like actually doing what you know you're supposed to do, doing what you know is the right thing to do. Yeah. That's, that's how you end up with character, right? You say you're going to do something you do it. You know you're supposed to do behave a certain way regardless of anyone's watching, regardless of the outcome. You know you're supposed to do the right thing you do at that's character. Yeah. I agree with you. I think that you can, it's a rare thing. I do kind of agree with him. Is it rare thing? It's a rare thing. There's something to be good. I remember that greasy dude, just being all trying to, you know, get won, take care of himself. Right. And you look at that person 10 years later. It's the same dude. But occasionally, you know, it's someone that changes. Yeah, like through maybe some big impactful event or maybe even just like a new influence in life and like a little revelation kind of thing like, but you can, yeah, yeah, that can happen. I think, and I think it kind of does happen on these teeny tiny ways, but nothing that would kind of collectively be considered character, you know, but I think yeah, I think why have people can? Yeah, I absolutely think they can. I think it, yeah, and I've seen it. I've seen it. I know people where I, you know, used to look at him and go, you, and now I look at him totally solid. Yeah. I mean, I don't know how much my character's changed, but I've had absolutely, I had it has changed. I'm a different guy than I was when I was 22. Yeah, maybe in the, in the, on the battlefield, maybe it's more rare, you know, like to the point where he's writing straight up, it can't be changed. Yeah, it's, it's strange that he's so, I mean, saying it's more believe that a mountain move than someone's character move. That's a really both thing. And look, I got plenty of examples where I know someone when they were, you know, 15 and then 20 and then 25 and 30 and it's the same guy, the whole time. Sometimes it's a person's just as upstanding in their character, the whole time. And sometimes it's, they go, or sometimes they're just a scumbag from day one and you're like, yeah, no, that's didn't expect much less than that. And then there's some people that progress. And there's some people that that regress, right? Some people get treated bad, they go through and their character goes down. Yeah. So I think we're in mutual disagreement with general Omar Bradley on this point. I think people's character can absolutely improve. And I think I think it can get worse as well. You know, somebody gets, what's that burned? Yeah. Right, you get burned by someone. You get burned by a girl. You get burned by one of your friends. That'll change your character. Yeah. Kind of the same deal, right? Some big, like, revelation, you know, or some big impactful event, or the wrong influence over time. Like, just over time and time, I'm telling you know, you start hanging around with wrong people, getting to drugs or something like this, you know, or it's kind of like, man, my whole life is like, if you don't lie and cheat and steal, you kind of don't live, you know, you kind of don't survive, kind of in this environment or something like that. Yeah, that one makes sense, do you? Yeah. Check all, he's wrapped that's the last characterist that he talks about. All leaders must possess these qualities which I have been discussing. And the great leaders are those who protect possess one or more of them to an outstanding degree. Some leaders just miss being great because they are weak in one or more of these areas. There's still another ingredient in this formula for a great leader that I have left out. And that is luck. All caps. He must have opportunity. Then of course, when opportunity knocks, he must be able to rise and open the door. Cool. I mean, look, yes, absolutely. I've been extremely lucky. I've seen people be extremely lucky. I've seen people being unlucky. So luck absolutely plays a role. I will say you make your own luck to an extent. Luck is a tough one. No one wants to, it's it's it's but it's a double edge sword, right? It's a double edge sword because you either, oh, that guy got lucky. Right. You didn't see how hard that guy works. Right. Or that guy got unlucky. You didn't see what that person did to end up in that unlucky spot. And both those things can flip. And they're both true. Yeah. So yeah, man. Yeah, it gets real complicated and luck thing. Yeah. I mean, I talk about in leadership strategy. So I talk about the the luck that I had in the seal things. All kinds of luck. Yeah. All kinds of luck for sure. Just the people I work with the deployments that I did, the situations that I was in. There's a lot of luck there. Some of that luck I manufactured. Some of it was just straight up all caps. No. But then it's like at the same time, you can be like, well, even in a great result, like a scenario with a great result, you could have been even more lucky. They're possible. You know, so it's like especially when you want to point your finger, you know, and be like, then not point your finger. But when you want to put your finger on a certain result and be like, oh, this was lucky. Rather, it's just way more to it than that. Like, you can't, they're, they're better results that are that were possible. Yes. Right. So you just chose to point your finger at this very specific result and be like, this was lucky. And then, and then it's a spectrum. You could have been like one level less lucky and still had a great result, kind of thing. And then it goes down from there and it can go up from there too. So it's like, to any time to label it luck as the thing. I mean, their extreme scenarios for sure. Oh, yeah, like you win the lottery. That's lucky. Yeah. You know, they're technically in the lot itself. It does play a role. Yeah. It's not the whole thing. Yeah. Yeah. It's not the whole deal at all. And it's just like, it's like, if you, you get a, let's say this luck is a factor, but it is a smaller factor than most people give it credit for. Though, like you said, there are times where people just get lucky. Oh, yeah. Massively lucky. And then you have to evaluate like what specific result are you talking about? Because if it's like, okay, this person has a 20 million dollars in is a bank in his bank account, that in and of itself is the result, right, of something, right? Now you can already evaluate, okay, was it hard work? And then with that hard work, it's like, okay, what luck is there luck in that hard work? Kind of thing? Or did they just win the lottery? Okay, that's a big lucky thing, kind of thing. But you're just talking about the 20 million dollars in the account. You're not talking about his whole life. You're not talking about any of that. You're just talking about a very specific scenario. So that's why I think sometimes people get jammed up. And they'll evaluate this whole big resulting scenario. Not a specific element in it, a big resulting scenario. All of this person's whatever, you know, successful in this way, right? And they're like, oh yeah, it's just, he just got lucky. But Brad, you're talking about that success has so many different elements in it. Good and bad, by the way. And then you just wrap up the whole thing and deliver a luck. Luckily, most likely a minor impact, but it is an impact and there are times when it's a significant impact. But yeah, it's like it's straight up or most of the time, and when you hear it, it's straight up migrating every other factor. Oh, people want to let people say, oh, that guy is lucky. For sure. For sure. When someone's trying to make excuses for themselves on why this person got this promotion and I didn't know they were lucky. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is there no luck involved? No, there's some luck involved, but let's not leave it to luck. Continuing on, some may ask, why do you talk about the qualities of leadership? They maintain that you either have leadership or you don't, that leaders are born not made. I suppose some are born with a certain amount of leadership. Frequently, we see children who are who seem inclined to take charge and direct their playmates. The other youngsters follow these directions without protest, but I am convinced nevertheless that leadership can be developed and improved by study and training. 100%. There's no better way to develop leadership than to give the youngster or other individual a job involving responsibility and let them try to work it out. Try to avoid telling them how to do it. You talk about youngsters. As you heard, as I talk about leadership strategy and tactics, this is a technique that's a technique to make people better leaders, put them in leadership situations, give them responsibility, give them a job, give a task, something they can do, make them lead it, they lead it, their successful their confidence goes up. Then he says, try avoiding how to telling them how to do it. Yeah, that's decentralized command. That, for example, is the basis for a whole system of combat orders. Yes. Combat orders, they're talking about something very specific. It is a way of delivering orders using commanders in 10 as opposed to telling you, here's the mission. Here's the people, here's the weapons, here's everything. Here's exactly what I want you to do and said you just give them the mission. You let them figure it out. They call that combat orders. Well, tell the subordinate, we tell the subordinate commander what we want him to do and leave him to the details. I think this system is largely responsible for the many fine leaders in our services today. We are constantly training and developing younger officers and teaching them how to accept responsibility. However, don't discount experience. Someone may remind you that Napoleon led armies before he was 30 and Alexander the great died at the age of 33. Napoleon as he grew older, commanded even larger armies. Alexander might have been even greater, had he lived longer and had more experience. In this respect, I like, I especially like general buckner's theory, that judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment. And he wraps it up here. I've been asked to speak on leadership in the past. I have fairly well-covered these same thoughts with other groups. Somehow, however, at the moment, these thoughts take on added significance for me. You see, my first great grandson was born a year ago. We call him FAT Henry. What happens to his life? Into the lives of his contemporaries may well be in your hands. Thank you. So, it's a poignant kind of way to wrap it up. The fact that the leaders right now that are listening to this, the leaders that are learning, the leaders that are reading, they will end up running the world. And they will end up running it well and making it better or running it bad than making it worse for FAT Henry. So, interesting, interesting. I'm sure we'll get to his book at some point, but so much about leadership. So many things, you know, that we hit we cover, we see it from a different angle, makes you better, makes me better. It makes me better every time I get to the opportunity to think through these things. And, of course, the best way to train leaders is to make sure that we are being good leaders ourselves. We're setting a good example. The best example that we can staying on the path, you might say. So, since we are looking to stay on the path, anything you recommend echo Charles for that conduct. Well, we do want to keep ourselves capable, improve the skills, increase the skills one skill being, due to it's important skill. To increase and maintain our capability, due to it's one of them, keep working out, if you're not working out, work out. The weak body is an incapable body. In a matter of speaking. Kind of. That is true. You definitely want to be as strong as you can, different for everybody. Yes, realistic. Body. Be the best shape that you can be in. That's good advice. Can't really be denied. Can't be. So, when we're doing GJT, we need a G, we need a Rashcards, get an origin G, because they're the best 100% factually. So, in America. In America. You know, okay, we blown that off now. Made America's not a big deal anymore. Oh, no, no, no, no. Or is made America bigger deal than ever. I think you've got an American supply chain. Yes, that what's going on? Oh, yeah. So, what? Right. Just making sure. We're seeing to me, like you were just getting ready to move on. Well, without saying made to make it. Okay, yeah, I understand your feedback. Thank you. Made America is a big deal. Huge deal. It was a big deal prior to the virus. Yep. Now it's an even bigger deal. American supply chain. We're not begging and pleading for stuff to get shipped overseas. We have it. It's made in America. All of it. Yes, sir. So. And by the way, it's not just GJT, you either. Gines. You probably need genes. Yes, sir. Oh, it is everyone in the world. The entire world where genes. Yes. Every single person in the entire world needs genes has genes. Why not get genes that are made in America? Why not get the best and most comfortable genes ever made? That's my question. Yeah, no reason why not. So, go to origin, main, the state main. Origin main.com is where you can get all this stuff. Okay. So all this stuff that I'm talking about like Jocquip. So, I look, when we put it is made in America. From the beginnings of the materials because one thing to be like, hey, yeah, I, you know, switch the tag out here up in, you know, one beach and so it's made here technically, you know, the end-hey look, known the matter. That's cool, but some people are mad. Well, some people are here serving you right. I wrong. All right. Stand corrected for sure, but on the fiber, the cotton is grown in America. That is made in America. So, these things are made in America. So, like we said, geese, fresh carts, genes, American denim, other things, joggers, sweat suits, various apparel clothing items, boots. So, origin boots have like a more of like a, I don't want to say mystique, but you know, when you're like, when you kind of see the origin boots, they kind of have a gravitas to them. Yeah. More so then there's a little something about them. Yeah. Uh, you know how, Omar Bradley said that some people don't have it. Yeah. But we could say that certain items in the world also have it. I would say that origin boots have it. That is the perfect way to put it. Yes. Yes, sir. So, get some boots with it. Yes. Also, jockel fuel. Okay. So, I was talking about staying healthy, staying capable, all this stuff like in the hey man supplementation is part of that, that whole deal. So, important. Very important. You won't know how important it is until you joint start giving up. You joint start quitting work out, you know, when your elbows are all sore, when you're trying to, you know, get under the bench and stuff. Yeah. Just getting to know good. Joint warfare, acrylic oil, super acrylic oil, discipline and discipline go. We got the ready to drink hot with you drinking lemon lime today. Yeah. You know, I had citrus psycho. Yeah. I had the tropical thunder one earlier. You're too deep, huh? Yes, sir. Check. Mulk, by the way, if you're a human and let's say you, you are doing any kind of activity, you need protein. Yes. Might as well get protein that is clean and that just straight up tastes like dessert. Yeah. Dave Burke. Good you'll do. Yeah. Worried that maybe it was a weakness. Yes. At night to have a strawberry mulk. Man, that was a very technical scenario. It was talking about. So, I can see it's a week, you know what? I evaluated it. It's like back into the whole thing where you used to be like, hey, jocco, if you're so into the way your supplements taste, maybe that's a weakness. Right. It's kind of the same thing. Yeah. The same thing. Concept. Yes. I thought I still think you're wrong. Well, at the end of the day, if you're results driven, oh, yeah, it's like weakness. No, I, you won't be able to recognize any weakness in the scenario. So let it go, because at the end of the day, you win 100% you're correct about that. Sure. But if we want to go tech, you're in tension is something. You see them same. Yeah. I want the discipline that you're doing. It's good. Yeah. Dave, look, this is a thing that we need to just continue trying to clarify for everyone. If you have a mulk late at night, you're not that hungry, but you want to taste something delicious. So you mix one up. It's 11 o'clock at night. Let's face it. That's a questionable activity. But at the same time, you're literally providing your, your body with the fuel that it needs to be strong. So it's, it's, it's a real thing. This is a real, this is a real win. So I'm calling it a win. Yes, sir. I agree. So yeah, get on that. Get on that. We need to do it. Do we do I need to make a mulk mulk that tastes like crap, right? Just for the mental discipline. Just to get a double dose of discipline, you'll get strong and you'll get mentally tougher because you'll be drinking something that tastes like caracene. Yeah. No, don't do that. Don't do that. Please check. So anyway, yes, mulk protein. And there's a form of a dessert all for it. 100%. Jocquawaited. Also, you want something a little bit lighter, organic refreshing if you drink it as iced tea. The thing that people really like about Jocquawaited is that it allows you to bet two dead lift 8,000 pounds. Yes, and that by the way, that's double blind placebo tested with a 94 person control group. Yeah, so get that. And all these supplement items can be found at the vitamin shop. So you don't have to order it by mail. You can go and get it from the vitamin shop. If you need it, if you have a emergency situation, yeah, you need it right now. Mulk now. Yeah, I did it. Also, we have a store. Jocquawaited store is called Jocquawaited store where you can get your apparel. Parallel school, right? There. I mean, the word apparel. Yeah, merch. That was the one. I think the kids are saying that now. These merch. We're just cool. I did it. Anyway, merch. If you're honestly in by a t-shirt, it says discipline equals freedom. Boom. Get it there. Jocquawaited store.com. You want to see, uh, you want to get a shirt that says good, right in across the front? Good. That's a, you got to know what, what that's for. You know, if you want to truckers have, yeah, or regular hat, or a beanie for your head. Flex fit. Yeah. All that stuff. Hoodies, lightweight and heavy tank tops all this stuff. Yes, Jocquaw store.com that's freaking to get this cool stuff. And if you are seen in the wild by me, representing, yeah, I will give you a head nod. Yes. The bone of feedies says it were. Oh, yeah. What is the bone of feedies? Do you know what the technical bone of feedies was in the military? It's like the cheesy thing where someone says it's a nice night for a walk. And the other person says, but it's cold in Nebraska. So it's a little, like I would say to you, it's a nice night for a walk. And you would say, but it's cold in Nebraska. Then I go, okay, cool. Hey, years, it's going on. You know what I thought it was? What? I thought it was nice night for a walk. A and the other person says nice night for a walk. Then you say, wash data, moral, nothing clean, right? Then the other person says nothing clean, right? What is that from? Terminator. Oh, okay. Anyway. So yes, both of feedies all day. If I see you, I'm going to give you the same deal. I may say, nice and far more. My knowledge comes from 20 years of serving the nation in the military. The knowledge comes from Terminator too. Well, that was Terminator one, but yes, Terminator too, as well. That is inches. So I guess basically we both have the same knowledge. Yes, same thing. Same thing. I like it. Yes. And also subscribe if you haven't already on all the podcasting places, where have you listed a podcast subscribe? You know, it's a thing. It's cool. Yes, speaking of this podcast, we also have other podcasts. Wonderful. We're having some technical difficulties right now. We had a podcast that was previously called the thread. There's already an existing podcast called the thread, which I didn't know about because I just didn't really pay attention to it. And so we're changing the name of ours. Just don't know what it's going to be called yet. We'll put it up there shortly. So if you missing the thread, that's where it's at. It's gone for now. It'll be back. We'll put up all the episodes. We'll change whatever we're going to change so that it's differentiated from that. My my boss oops. Yeah. The weird thing is there's all kinds of podcasts called the thread or some variant of that. But ours, I think our our retailers was more popular. So they didn't like that. And I don't want people to be confused. No, it'll eliminate confusion for sure. We also have the grounded podcast, the warrior kid podcast and speaking of warrior kids, we got warrior kids so from iris ocheranish.com. Is that stuff? Is killer soap alive on the jocquist orient? Yes. You keep giving weird answers. Well, you know, there's a thing. There's the, you know, be on the lookout for that. All right. So if not, go to irisotrans.com and get some soap, some killer soap so that you and your family can stay clean. You stay clean. Also, we have a YouTube channel for the video of this podcast plus excerpts. And the witches are big deal. So, you know, you want to listen to a cool concept that may have been, you know, in one of the episodes that you kind of remember, it'll be as as an excerpt so you can, you know, you can watch that. Maybe share it with somebody if you want. But in the last YouTube channel, yes, we do have YouTube channels. So you said it out. I totally, I've got that checkmark. Did they send you something to contact you to tell you you're official now? Um, well, we had some help by some very capable people. And yeah, they let us know. They were official. Did you feel kind of good about that really kind of like you're the man? Yes, sir. Let's still do. I feel like we have an official YouTube channel. That's good. Well, we do fact better than being unofficial. I'm just sure. Well, compared to me. Also psychological warfare. iTunes, Google Play, MP3 platforms, get yourself some psychological. It or to get you through moments of weakness. Flipside Canvas, Dakota, Meyer. Flipside Canvas.com. Very cool graphic designs to hang on your wall. Yeah, hang it in your gym, hang it in your room. Keep you on the path. Some books. We got a book called The Code, The Evaluation, The Protocols. We got leadership strategy and tactics. I reference that a bunch today. We got the way the warrior kids series. There's three of them. Way the warrior kid marks mission of where there's a will. We got Mikey in the Dragons. Best children's book ever for the youngins. Factually. We have extreme ownership of the dichotomy leadership, which I wrote with my brother, Dave Babin. And we have this pretty good freedom, field manual. So check those books out. We have Escelon front. My leadership consultancy and what we do is solve problems through leadership. If you have issues in your team and your organization and your company, go to Escelonfront.com and we will help you out. We have EF Online, which is interacting with all the EF instructors, all the Escelon front instructors, including me, Dave, JP, Mike, Dave, Jason, Steve, all of us. We're on there. I should have written those out. Make sure I don't miss anybody. But yes, that's what we're doing. We're there. We have shifted to this online platform for a lot of our consulting right now due to COVID-19. It turns out that this platform is just awesome. We're utilizing it. We are ramping it up. So if you want to check that out, if you want to talk to me, go to EF Online.com, get enrolled in that. We also have the mustard coming up. It's our leadership conference. The first one of the year was canceled due to COVID-19. That was in Orlando. That one's canceled right now. We're shifting to Phoenix, September, 16th and 17th and then Dallas, December 3rd and 4th, go to extremotorship.com. We moved a bunch of people from Orlando to Phoenix and Dallas. Those are going to sell out even quicker than normal. Everything we've ever done sold out. So get there early. If you want to go get registered, if you want to get there. And of course, we have EF Overwatch, executive leadership. If you need someone in an executive position at your team, go to EF Overwatch. We have military members that have leadership experience to plug in senior positions to plug into your organization. If you need frontline leaders or frontline troops, go to EF Legion.com. And if you're a vet, go to EF Legion.com and sign yourself up so we can get you employed out there in the world at companies where they cherish the military experience that you have. Also, America's Mighty Warriors.org, Mark Lee's Mom, helping service members around the world, helping their families and helping gold star families. If you want to donate or you want to get involved, go to America's Mighty Warriors.org. And if you want to hear more of my tedious explanations, or you want to hear more of Ecos disjointed Prattle. Then you can find us both on the interwebs, Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook. Eko is at Eko Charles. And I am at Joko Willink. And thanks to all the service members out there who are protecting us from evil. And the same to police and law enforcement and fire fighters and paramedics and EMTs and dispatchers and correctional officers and border patrol and secret service. Thank you for protecting us here at home and on top of them. Thanks to the doctors, nurses, and medical personnel who are risking their health to protect ours. And to everyone else out there, remember what General Omar Bradley. Commander of the most American troops ever, remember what he taught us. He taught us a lot. And let's think about this. He taught us that there are many solutions to a problem. But any good plan executed boldly is better than indecision. And so don't hesitate instead pick a plan and get after it. Until next time, this is Eko and Joko.