 The names and the stories in this episode have been omitted to protect the privacy of the individuals involved. This is Jockel Podcast, number 77. With echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening, echo. Good evening. And tonight we welcome back to the show, retired chief worn off Sir Roger Hayden. And if you don't know who Roger Hayden is, then just stop right now and go back to episode 37 of this podcast. And you can listen to Roger came on for a short period of time. We had some time constraints on the first time that Roger came on. But he's one of the men on which the reputation of the seal teams is built, started off as a frogman member of the underwater demolition teams and deployed to Vietnam with underwater demolition team 12. And then came back and checked into seal team one where he deployed again two times to Vietnam. And then spent 30 years in the seal teams and then as a civilian has another how many years. 20. So we're just looking at a solid 50 years of service to Naval Special Warfare in the seal teams. So like I said, Roger's been on before and I'm telling one real quick story to kind of give a little background as to Roger's attitude about things. And so I was on and I told this part of the story last time we were on a ship. We were we were having our operational readiness exercise was being graded. It's called an ORE and the first one that's grading it is Roger Hayden. So you know the young seal potoons we're getting graded and making sure that we know what we're doing. And at this point Roger is a war officer. So he's a commissioned officer and he's out on the ship with us going, you know, watching how we're planning and seeing how we're preparing our gear and making sure that we're we know what we're doing. Like I said, and as a commissioned officer, you're supposed to be eating in what's called the war groom with the rest of the officers. So you know the military has officers and they have enlisted guys in the officers are sort of the managers and the enlisted guys are the workers. And as an officer on a ship on a Navy ship, you have something called a war groom, which is nice to have. It's just a little, it's not even a little level up. It's pretty darn nice in the war groom. I've eaten in both the war groom and on the mass decks and the war groom, you know, you have real silver and there's actually people serving you. So the war groom is kind of nice. Well Roger as a war officer is, you know, permitted or authorized or supposed to eat with the rest of the officers. He's supposed to go get that good treatment and Roger didn't want to eat with the officers. He wanted to eat with the chief. So then the middle management of the of the Navy is the chief, the chief pedda officers. And there's chiefs senior chiefs and master chiefs. And they're like the backbone of the Navy. They have the the tactical knowledge and the seal teams and so Roger instead of wanting instead of eating with the officers, he wanted to eat with the chiefs. And before he was a war officer, what were you a senior chief before you were an officer master chief? Master chief. So he was a heart-bitty of master chief before he became a war officer. And so he started eating the chiefs mess with all the chiefs. Well, some of the chiefs on the ship, they didn't like having an officer. You know, we don't want this officer here. This is our territory, right? This is our area. You can't, you know, why is this officer coming in here? And so my platoon chief at the time was actually friends with Roger, but you know, he was the guy that was getting a had-related building relationships with the chiefs on the ship and all that stuff and so they knew him. And he was a senior chief and they pulled them aside, they said, hey, you know, hey, a senior chief. You know, it's kind of, we got this war officer. He's the seal, why is he coming in? He's not shouldn't be coming in. Here's you need to go to the, he needs to go to the war drum with the rest of the officers. This is the chiefs mess. He doesn't belong in here. And so my chief was like, listen to him. Okay. Well, I'm not sure why you feel that way. But this goes on for a couple days and finally my platoon chief and I wasn't there for this, but I got told the story. And my platoon chief was a guy from the south and he had a great accident and talked in a very distinct manner. And so they get into lunch. I think it was lunch. They roll into the chiefs mess for lunch and war officer Hayden comes in and he's standing in there and he's getting a couple of looks from people. And finally my platoon chief stands up and says, uh, can I ask everyone in here a question? Real quick. And they go, okay, you know what, what? And he says, well, this here is war officer, Roger Hayden, member of the underwater demolition team is member of the seal team serve three tours in Vietnam, highly decorated, including a purple heart for being wounded and he was a master chief before he got commissioned and he wants to eat with us in the chiefs mess. Does anyone here have a problem with that? That of course no one did. Nothing but crickets. And so Roger Hayden eats where Roger Hayden wants to eat. So Roger, welcome to show once again. Thanks for coming back. Last time we were time constraint and you said you'd come back. So here you are. I appreciate you coming back on. Oh, it's my pleasure. Thank you. And like I said, anybody that wants to get the full background, you know, listen to podcast number 37 and he talks a little bit about how you grew up. But I had a question when you joined. So you came in and your dad was a UDT, which is awesome. And then when you joined the Navy in 1965, did you know you were going to Vietnam was the war big enough yet because we had this guy on last time Captain Charlie Plum and he went to the Naval Academy and he said he graduated from the Naval Academy. I think in 1965 as well. But he said he never heard the word Vietnam one time while he was going to the Naval Academy. It wasn't until he graduated that the war escalated and all of a sudden they realized when he was going through flight training that yeah, you're going to Vietnam. But when you joined in 65, did you know, I mean, when you think in the album, definitely going to go to a war go to Vietnam? Yeah, pretty much because I'd have been drafted in the Army and I knew the Army was going to Vietnam. So I figured, and you I wanted to go in the Navy and into UDT. My dad never talked about it much. But you know, when I was a younger, I watched the movies of the Marines attacking beachheads and getting molded down and, you know, Rangers taking heavy stuff and then I saw the bridge of the river crying the guns and never owned. And I figured, yeah, if you're going to fight, that's the kind of outfit you want to fight. I want to sneak around a little bit more. So yeah, I did. I did. In fact, as soon as I got in to the Navy, I took the screening test and all that stuff. And, you know, before I even went to, no right after when I was at radio in school, I was a radioman. So through it, that was a 22 week long school. That's what I did as I worked and did all that stuff and did the screen tests and, you know, they wanted me to go to Roller or some other Navy installation because they didn't do two bad radioman's guy. I wasn't the number one guy, but now I'm going to go to UDT. And so, you went to what the U.S. Well, yeah, we, our class, our class wasn't certain up for about six months. So they stuck me on the U.S. as Paul Revere, a 32nd Street waiting for UDT training. And I was a designated semen back in the day. A designated semen was pretty good. Wasn't like it is now. And I figured I'd work in the radio shakers, I'm like that. Well, since they checked the board, they put me in the medscook and I was down in the scullery and went down there. There were two other guys that were waiting for a 22 that were in the scullery. So we sat there and did that for six months and cut off the ship and went next door across the bay there to training. Yeah, that's something in the Navy. It's, if you're a new guy, everyone talks about how new guys get treated wherever you are in the military, but in the Navy, when you, when you show up to a ship, you doesn't matter. You have to work in the, in the scullery, which is Washington, dishes. What is it? A 90 day stint you got to do in there? Yeah, pretty much 90 days. And you only don't do that if you're an e-phone above. Right. And we did, I did a appointment when we had a guy that wasn't E.A.C.O, but he was an E3. And you know, he was saying, hey, wait, how am I going to get out of this, you know, doing the scullery duty? And we're like, you're not. That's the rules. You know, you're going to go do it. You can do it. I was a senior chief to of this guy named Little Good for the mind. We couldn't get a flight back so they put us on an arc to float back here to San Diego. And we kept all of our guys. And the, I'm going to ask you a thing that we're seeing. That's because we just went, we got stuff to do. We're doing training and they haven't got time to do that. We kept out of, of course, I was a senior chief then. And so we had Little Paul. Yeah. Plus, the cover, the boat, he really liked us a lot. And, you know, the, the CMC. And he was a PBR Vietnam guy. So we were really, really well, you know. Yeah. Well, and actually this kid ended up making E4, luckily before we went on the deployment. So he's screwed out there. But I believe still did, bringing the supplies and stuff like that. You know, it doesn't, it was a good workout. Yeah. Yeah, I figured with the call that and rep. I'd wrap it. Yeah. We did that too. Actually, when I, so my first deployment, I deployed to Guam. And, you know, we just did whatever he wanted. I was 21 years old. It was completely insane. You got all this perdiam money. You felt like the richest, you will never mind felt like you were the richest guy you ever met. I mean, you never made any money when you're in 16, 17 years old. You get in the sealed teams, you're getting all this money. And then they go overseas and they're giving you perdiam. And so you're the richest dude in the world. You have very limited responsibilities because you're a new guy in a sealed putin. So what do you do? Just get crazy and get after it. And, you know, you're doing whatever you want. And then my next deployment was on a ship. And we pull into the first port. And they say, you know, e-form below liberty expires at 10 o'clock. And I was like, oh, yeah, whatever. You know, I'm a seal. And they're like, no, actually you'll be back on the ship at 10 o'clock. And there was no way around it. I mean, there was ways around it. We found ways around. You know what the way around it was? I'd put my PT gear in a backpack. And then go off the ship to go out whatever. And then hang out all night until five o'clock in the morning. And I put my PT gear back on. I'd run, get a sweat going to walk up the brow. And whatever else coming back and say, yeah, I was just out for run. Got my rock on. So there was ways. There's ways to make it happen. So speaking of guys from from when you were going through training, was there guys when you're going through bud training? Was there Korean vet, UDT guys in there? Was it World War II? Was it just Vietnam guys? Or even Vietnam guys? Or even the instructors? Yeah. Or two guys was one guy named God Demont. Great big tall guy, Koo Kut. And he was a World War II UDT guy. Well, let me tell you the story on that guy. So we just get the same community the last part of the training. Third phase. So we're all lined up there. We just got off. We went out there and then I'll see you with all of our demo and demo and all that of the crap. This mustered out there and this guy comes walking up. Great big tall guy, World War II. What was I in 1918? You know what I mean? He looked probably like you do or I do because he was an old guy in the sky. Yeah. He looks at us and he starts talking. You know, he goes, God Dammit. I'm your demo instructor and keeps talking. He says, I don't brook no bullshit on the ranges. We're kind of just looking at him like what the hell he gets himself worked up a little bit. So matter of fact, anybody that screws up would just go out behind the shitter and get it squirt away. You know, we're still looking at him. He talks a little bit more and gets himself all excited and shitting. He goes matter of fact, anybody wants to go out behind the shitter right now will go. You know, we just look at, well, come to find out later on. It was in the 80 second airborne and jumped in the Norman D'Hog. God capsured, escaped on and on. Then he was in the Korean War II. It was one of our instructors. Almost all of them there were in the Korean War pretty much. But we had another guy. And on his Jackity War, he had UDT instructor and the other side was God. He was, he was a hook nose, Indian Apache and he was a bad astute man. He had some great guys. And mostly instructors, yeah, were in summer, Vietnam guys. You know, like, had this one blue eyed guy. He was, can't think of his name right now either. But he was on vacation with Patlin up north and in the Columbia River. No, not that north. The East Coast side. And his, he was on an excursion with some other people and his canoeed tipped over. And he was real cold and shit. He was trying to swim a couple of them to shore and shit and just just went out. But this guy would run behind you. And of course, we didn't have a lot of hair. But what we had stood up, you know, and you turned and looked. And there were he was just staring at the chat. These blue eyes. You know, I'll think of his name in a minute. Real good guy though. And there must have been, because God is pretty regimented now. But they must have had no, it was definitely less regimented when I went through for sure it must have been completely just like no rules when you went through. Now, we have this guy during hell week. He had what they called the swimmer line. And like I say, we're on the base side. Mind you, we're in training in January. Started three January, some colder than God. You know, what he would do is we're all, he'd have us hook into what we called the Floor Board line. You know, like when you do recons, the guys hold on the line, you move down the line. And stuff. And he'd send us all out. And hell, there's about six of us. That's about six of us. That's about six of us. That's about six of us. He'd send us out and we had to be in a straight line. If we weren't, he'd bring us all back and line us all up again. And we weren't straight. So he sent us out again brought us all back in. And we're freezing. The guys are almost getting hyper-thromia. Because we're just in a K-pop and a regular utilities that you were for training. So he sent us out again the third time. And like if you're on the bitter end line, you're screwed. Then he brought us back in. He goes, well God damn, I guess it still wasn't very, you guys still weren't in a straight line. And we're going to have to send you out again. All the way down the line. All you heard was click, click, click, click, click, click. We just looked at him. Well, all right, we got other things to do. That was it. We were done. And if he'd get lost a whole class, that was so cold. Yeah, if you don't know California and you think California is like, they watched the old TV show and you think the water's all warm. It's not warm. It's not warm. Especially in January. January 3rd, it's not going to be warm. And you were saying, you guys were swimming like crazy going through that. Because you knew that you're home to UDT. Yeah, it's a, you're a frogman. That's what you're being trained for and not seals. So we did a lot more water work than you guys did going through. But because we didn't have the seal portion of it. We got that after we made our deployment, came back when seal team then you went to a Cadray. Did you get any land warfare at all? And bugs are a little bit, it was just more like, yeah, basic stuff. And little immediate IEDs, been immediate action drills. But not much, it was like our last stop that we had. I think I told you this in on San Camini was we did swimmer scouts in on the other side of a rock formation. We called Birchit Rock and got the island. They gave us all the 40 pound hafer sex. And we went from there all the way 23 miles into the island. We blew up some more. You were walking? Yeah. Okay. So you humped 23 miles out and you swam over the beach. Yeah. Back in the attack the camp that was our last stop. That's a crappy patrol too. That was a cactus. I know. Yeah, that was, I was thought I was pretty smart. See, so I wore a kind of a wetsuit. What do you call that the small one? Oh, like a wetsuit. The top of your ear. The top of your ear. And because I wouldn't freeze the death coming in. Actually, this was April almost the end of April. It was still cold out of the same committee. So we swam in. And I come to that thing on all the way up there. And it got sunny and warm. And I almost frigging died. There's no back. You could peel it off me like this. You know, yeah. There's no good. There's no good way to do it. There's like no good way to handle coming over the beach. So it's not going to be convenient. You're not going to be comfortable. That's one of the things that makes, in my opinion, the one of the things that makes the seal team, the guy's in the seal team is really good is that we just have to deal with the water. And as soon as you're dealing with the water, like you just said, there's no easy way to do that. You're going to be there be freezing in the water or you're going to be sweating on land or you're going to be too hot. No, actually, you're not. You're going to be okay on the land. It's just, you're just screwed. It's what I'm saying. And not to mention your weapons. Your weapons all get your radio is all get jacked up. Your weapons all get jacked up. Your gear gets all jacked up. You got sand in your boots. There's no good way to deal with it. No, there's no. And on top of that, the communications. Like you're in the water, you can't talk to people. You can't. There's no really radio. It's not working. It just everything sucks. And so when we were do ops dry, it just seems like it's so easy to do. And I think that's one big thing that separates, it doesn't separate us. But it's one of the things that makes us good is that we have to deal with the water. And we deal with our whole crew. No bottom line is you should never bring a boat to shore. You always swim in. Yep. That's what we do. Just like swim rescuers, the home and yard. That's the bottom line was a chief. That's pretty hard on that stuff. We never brought the boats of shore. Yeah. You know, we did the same thing when we were in the art platoon. We never brought the boats in because there's a 10, 15, maybe 20% chance that you're going to flip a boat, you're going to lose a boat. Something's going to happen to a boat. And then you're screwed. Now you've got to boat washing up against the shore and you've got to deal with it. And it's a big, no, we always swim in. It's a big, it's a big target. Yeah, for sure. For sure. Like in Desert Storm, we inserted those coides. The officer I won't mention in names, but we want to bring both the boats into quite and let the quitey guys off. And I went, no, you keep it least. If you're going to do that, keep one boat back. If you keep another boat in the shore because they can give coverage fire. You know what I'm saying? And then if they have to eat and eat and you can be seen. That's a big target. You know what I mean? You just don't do that. Yeah, that's, there's so many things you've got to figure out with the water. And when you, when you get, like, that's why when we were in Iraq and we rarely did boat ops, we did some in the river. But you're just to either on foot. It's just everything is so much easier. It's crazy. It's crazy. Uh, then you get, so you get done with training. Sanctuary mile, 1967, you get done with training and you check in a UDT 12. And you didn't really know too much about the sealed things. I guess no one at that time knew much about the sealed things. No, not much at all. And you were saying on that first podcast that we did that the Patoons weren't really formed up yet. You kind of showed up at UDT and it's, it's kind of a loose situation. But you do do a work up. Oh, once we started working up, then it was regimented. You know, you knew what you had to do. But we had a while. They had just come back and relieved UDT 11 and just deployed. And then 12 came back and you have a kind of a stand down about a month or two. Oh, so that's what we showed up for. Yeah. It's a nine month appointment for UDT's. So you have about six months work up. And then you have three months where the guys go on leave school stuff like that. And we came, I came in just at that time. So it was really kind of like, would go up and do what they call silver slippers up at Pendleton when the rains do and amphibious landings and we'd be the life guards and stuff like that. And you know what I mean? Until we started forming up and start working, then it got pretty good. What did you guys do? Were they hardcore about PT back then? Oh, yeah. Would you guys do team PT's? Yep. Peltunes are team. Team. The whole team. Yep. And was it just every day? Was it the same? Was it Flutterkicks, Porscheops, people? Just did? Just did. Yeah. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Just did. Really good shape. Yeah. I mean, you didn't see a lot of the guys in the gym, lived in Heavy and stuff. That came on later on. Then, also, which I changed when I was later on was a chief and senior chief and stuff. And even now, not as no pills, we still dip Latune PT every morning. But we did every other day. Then that the guys go off and do the running, do their weight lifting and stuff like that. No workout. Well, you know. even though I thought PT in the morning first thing is the best to do. Yeah, especially when we're in a CBC can I have to guys would be throwing up and stuff with a DMPT. Yeah, I always like we used to at team one when I got to team one That was that team PT we did every day and team two is the same thing But you know, I'll tell you once the war started there's a lot less focus on PT and it just was Guys, you're saying the same way you are too jacquo you can't really go for long runs and shit or you're in a rock and jet We'd run around base But did you guys have my my question is that did you take weights with you? Did you have a workout place? We deployed and actually once one team shows up somewhere on deployment They all bring a bunch of gear and then There's enough to do it to get it done and then other teams don't have to bring everything But they'll bring more stuff and eventually you know, whatever compound you're in is pretty nice If you go to the same compound, yeah, and yeah, and I was briber on mats for for jiu jitsu I'd make a little jiu jitsu area so I could still of course So I could still train and get the boys train and and you know what's what it's like you were talking about It's weird how some of this stuff stays Because you're talking about walking around in UDT shorts and coral boots and on unfortunately UDT shorts I don't think guys, why don't I don't think they get it should do many more, but when I got the team one We absolutely got it should UDT shorts, and that's what that was our uniform and We got to shoot coral booties those old gray coral booties and I didn't realize you know That's what you guys wore that's not something they think yeah, I probably been issued for I don't know Even out in town you guys with coral boots and the rule x-watch and stuff you know to mean you can pick out a team guy in the heart Yeah, I was I looked I looked up coral booties And I was just seeing if anybody makes money more. They're hard to get there on eBay You got to buy a pair of an eBay. You got to be lucky if they have your size. I got to go through my guarantee if I still have my coral booties But And then you did do a legit work up though where you did all your hydro recon Yeah, we did some recon Like up the course by Pendleton We drugged this one Rocket-looking thing in up over these fucking mountains and put it in the lake and stuff like that and then we swim across the Well, did we swim now we didn't right there at the channel and it goes out. Yeah, you have those old gun in place But it was said where it would tack those and they had them set up a booby traps and stuff so we'd go across and work away up and shit like that always stuff yeah in UDT it was it wasn't bad. It was good training. I mean, but it wasn't you know This like a story I told you was During the 67-60 Tet we're in Don Tam on the Ascarion that's where where was the UDT and they're about 17 of us on there We're doing that dark thing later on getting that a little bit more, but that's when we worked with the 9-10-3 and stuff and Anyway, I had a simple tune in Mito which wasn't too far away, but it was right in the town why these coasts would have a would have a There place in in a town. I'd never know because anytime you left or when any were you know I'm saying you could be picked out anyway, so they were almost getting over ran But they were on the tallest building in there at 57-1st rifle and stuff anyway Send a call out hey, we need help. There were 17 of us, you know on the Ascarion UDT guys We wanted to go in and rescue them and save them and our officer Just a great guy lieutenant said now you ain't going anywhere We're so how would you gotten in there helicopter? We don't know we just wanted to help them. Yeah, you know people are in coast Just ready to go, yeah, you know there's seals, but there's a T-guys too. So anyway, so We didn't do that and I got back from deployment when the seal team went through the category And then I know those guys those guys by the way, they didn't get over run. No, they they've brought them up They were coming up the stairways and they were throwing grenade down at him and stuff like that and then finally the arvon and the US came in and took me to a back over it was doing a 67-6-8-10 which was a cool bad But anyway, so when I got back and I went through cadry and stuff I found out, you know Okay, we weren't ready for this. We didn't know any immediate action drills and well not a lot not not You know pounded nor head row. We automatically think about him Did you know any urban environment whatsoever? That's the same plus we weren't urban and that was urban. Yeah, we'd add our asses handed to you You know because we didn't know we were fighters we'd have fought but you know figure those guys in me told the VC and stuff there They had their shit together. That was their talent stuff. You know me we'd uh You know more about the urban stuff than I do because they never fought or but you know We'd hit who it is and stuff like that, but we never swept through uh we did one village one time But it was you know it was good you know, I mean Yeah, yeah and so when you deployed to with UDT did you guys write a ship over there? Do you fly over there? How do you get to Vietnam? We flew over to Subiq Bay and Like I said that's where we were at that's like you went to Guam or Subiqo's our place Super Bay and then they would they would fly over to We had different deaths That we hadn't Vietnam like in the denying they had camped in Shaw and from the Nangied work up and around Fubai way quang three dug hall the northern part of the area and stuff you know and then we got on the dice shanko And I don't know if we picked the dice shanko up at Subiqo or not we might have and it was when we did all the beetroot runs And then the next day that I went to was down and a dog-tam on the road you go back to Subiqin between at all? Oh, yeah, oh really and would be there for about a month or three weeks and then we we had a Basically deploy from Subiq out to Vietnam do operations for a month and go back three months For three months at a time yeah, but it's a nine month to point it. Yeah So yeah, I we might three deaths were denying then on the dice shanko and then down in dog-tam One has a nudity that was three months in each place and And first of all the on the last one you talked talked about doing 130 miles worth of beetroot About 120 I think yeah, I'll give you the bonus 10 But you know you were kind of talking about it like oh, you know we're doing this week on but that was you were you were reconning Beaches in North Vietnam. No South Vietnam and was there any resistance where you guys in Jeopardy. You've getting rolled up or was it more of like almost an admin thing or wasn't somewhere in between we always had either Marines or the arvon which was the South Vietnamese army they would Screen put screens out when we had do the beaches to cover us in case we got hit with anything because they were No, we knew what was really on the beaches and stuff But if the Marines are in the area that sent up a tro one that worked the back back short and stuff as we were doing our recon and stuff The one that told you we got hit was we didn't have any arm and army or Marines So we sent two of our guys in the back to kind of check things out as we're doing a recon and that's when we got caught in that almost caught in that El Shave Tam Bush and What happened was as we're coming down the beach and we had the guys out and I was a photographer So as I'll front with another guy and I had a pair of bathing suit and UDTs on coral booties and my super slate and I was right in the back showing information down I So everyone knows what we're talking about when you're gonna land people on beaches or if you're potentially gonna land people on beaches You have to do a reconnaissance of the beach But not just of the beach itself, but of the water and how deep the water is and make sure there's no obstacles in there And so the people that did this since World War II was the the underwater demolition team So that's what we're talking about the way you do it is you have a literally you have a line a big rope It's small. It's more like a line than it is rope, but that stretches from the beach from a couple guys on the beach Called the beach party all the way out to a boat a small little rubber boat Well, yeah, and that was an IBS we hooked it to it's about 30 feet has knots where you know each Paris gonna be holding on to and you mark take the sounding then you as you went to the next sounding Which was 25 yards down the beach and on the beast had be holding up these Markers so that you could get yourself on them You'd be dipping doing down until you got to that point again, then you'd take your sounding Yeah, then you come back and make a hydro graph recharge. So there's guys on the beach that are holding We call range markers and they're set. What do they say like 10 yards apart looking on guy in the front one guy in the back And they're looking at a compass so that they're making sure that they're lined up so that lines up this whole line So it's this it's this kind of complicated And it seems like an administrative thing, but you've got to do it otherwise You know you get a situation where the Marines come in land and they hit a like they did in Taro And they hit a big they hit a reef and then they drop the ramps the guys get out and They didn't know that that reef was only 10 feet long. It's two feet deep But now on the other side of the reef their guys are going into 10 12 15 feet of water and drown So that's why you have to actually be Fairly precise or as least as precise as you can be when you're taking these when you're doing this hydrogaphic reconnaissance So you have the back shore party, you know the two guys there have the officer and a couple other guys Picking up the stakes put the stakes out and that's usually photographers the obbure way out ahead of everybody else Taking the back shore information so that when you come back and do your Degraphic chart, you know you can lay it out exactly then you have to do it leave or you pan I was a good talker for I know all this good, so which I hated you know because you had to man make Hand draw the maps your hand drawing that and those those those charts that you draw You're gonna present those are gonna get presented to you know the Navy and they're gonna use those charts to conduct this landing So like I said they got to be good got to be good quality. Yeah, anyway, so The two guys are walking along and we're doing our beach reconnaissance everything well They they had a nail shaped ambush on us and they had a spider hole back here with a couple of guys that Once we got here and if anybody ran back these guys and holes them down We're two guys yet those two guys and the spider hole and open up on them Which made them open up on the sooner so we all Leap frog back down the beach away Really great guy. I mean took charge everything was perfect We grabbed them to the line to both the IBS took off and you know nine or nine to have a horse-by-ranging didn't go real fast, you know, and we had a close card cut her out there. They started lobbing in Willy Peter on them, but we didn't know it was them and some of it landed pretty close to us We thought there was them doing not trying to hit us anyway. We got out for an often our PL that we finally got to and got on Appeals, you know the both that the that we inserted off of and stuff and they picked us up in the guy And was shooting as 50 and stuff, but what was really neat was then come these two jets Oh, and they naep on the whole beat That was that was kind of cool that's when I told you when I got back to the boat I said the screws that snake and warrior ship I can't even use your in a pair of UDTs Call booties Like what the ref walkers a little they're like a like Chuck Converse Chuck Taylor's yeah, but a little bit leaner No, no Yeah, they were just like they were told so you could walk on coral yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah It wouldn't like hold you down. They're not big thing No, they were like they were canvas and they had a kind of a real thick rubberized bottom on it Yeah, yeah, they were good and then I had an M79 so I'm shooting that thing as I'm running back and stuff Then that's the only weapon you had as an as it's all I had yeah that and you're you're slate to draw on yeah Collect back short from you Yeah, so you kind of exciting and was that before you was that was that recon before you work with a ninth infantry? Yeah, yeah, okay I went from there from the dice and go down to Dong Tam and work with a ninth infantry and the the ninth infantry Man, so this stuff I was looking about you know about the ninth infantry and what they did and But just first of all the ninth infantry is the Is the unit that the fictional character for us gump was supposed to be attached to which is why in the movies Working by the water and all that stuff. I imagine that's what that's why they picked it The ninth infantry in Vietnam had ten metal avoners awarded to soldiers and Three sailors so they were working in conjunction very closely with the brown water navy Which again to pull a quote from the last time you were on Roger you were like saying that job as being brown water navy was just Vicious John Vicious John and General Westmoreland said that the ninth infantry division and the mobile rivering forces saved the Delta region from falling to the North Vietnamese Durned turn-tap that could have been I mean I didn't know wasn't on land with them Don't know where everything they did remember as the second class in and we got we were on the S the Ascarion Benoelle as Reconous in skies. What's the askering Benoelle? What do they were APDs? What's that? Enfibious some some kind of an amphibious ship. Yeah, okay For more big ones and troop ships. Okay, I think the askary was a troop ship I'm not sure could have been the Benoelle too But they were pretty good size ships and they were right at on the Right at Don Tam which was the Don Tam was had a big army base in a navy base and late my Third trip to Vietnam I went back to as a seal and it was the same same place same area So when you how did you guys get linked up with the ninth infantry? Well We that's who were doing the reconnaissance for to see if they could go up the canals and up the rivers You know see what the depth was so they could bring the the brownwater navy up there that the troop carriers and stuff like that for the Ninth infantry and they didn't know what the depth of some of the places they were gonna go in So they dropped us off on these we call them the darts They were like a jet ski right except you didn't sit up on me laid down on them Use your feet to guide them and they had a 355 degree camera and a phantom or they would Day two of a sub drop us off of we'd come down and do the reconnaissance I mean take soundings and take pictures of no one's point like a pagoda or another Canal coming in or something you know we come back and we do a chart and we'd give a to him And that's what they used those charts to go up and do their amphibious landings And but you could only go up those down those things maybe once or twice then you didn't do it again because They'd be waiting for you so when we weren't doing that Which you could only do so many of them then we started writing with the ninth infantry as their demo guys And so you would would you have already seen it because you'd do the dirt mission And then you'd come back and then they'd come up with their plan and then they'd say okay We're gonna go up that river that you just came down and so you'd be from we would you be familiar with it now? No, they took us we went up to four corners and other places that we'd never been okay that was deep enough for them to go up and stuff But they might have I don't know you know that would have been John O'Reach my OT That would have probably been in on the planning when they were gonna go in something and talk about our charts and stuff You know remember I just a vulgar eater Just one of the guys in the darts, you know And but then they said okay, we're gonna need you over the lock I know you were saying on the last podcast that they had these log dams at the Oh, yeah, they'd put dams across logs and they stopped the boats up and just different obstacles and shit Or bunkers along and now we'd go in and blow up the bunkers or blow up the log dams, you know if they had them and that's what I said They first put us on what they called an alpha boat which was the lead boat and they had one in the rare and one in the front and What would they look like I don't have a picture of right to show you yeah. I actually actually he looks looks up on the night's infantry WC yeah, but anyway the alphabet we're on one of those and that's the one I told you we got sunk on Because of before we rock and hit us right in the exhaust and things start going down and we ran it to shore If it'd been a little bit higher to hit all those stacks of C4 we had so but and then they started putting us in about the third or fourth boat back That's because they didn't want the big demo Yeah, in the front alpha boat. Yeah, that makes sense pretty much it that one out so your boat gets hit With a rocket and it starts sinking and then the the was it like a chief run in the boat? No, I was we could have been I didn't know for a first glass or something They ran it up and then it started sinking down and we got off dead a little perimeter and then the As it boat came up and just holds everything down and we swam over the zip boat and got off the zip boat It's so named because after the zip-o lighter because as a flame floor Yes, right gently out. I know I popped this stuff off like people know what it is You'd had to bend there to the see it, but I mean it came zipping up and then we swam over to it We got on it and got out of there and you got everyone out of there. Oh, it's yeah Nobody got hurt or killed on that just that before he rocked and they started opening up and the boats opened up to and they they had 50s you know Jesus Christ Did you try and salvage any of the demo just leave it? Well actually or do you blow it and we were gonna come back and do that but they decided to have the O.D. do it So you do went back and blew the boat up and all that crap so yeah Because it was just partly out of the waters up, but they you know and pissed us off for underwater demolition was like you know Devied TF you know That's what we do you know, yeah, well the O.D guys. I guess they didn't have a lot to do so they sent them down there I don't know for his army or navy O.D. but You know it's always good to blow things up. That's one of my my first deployment. I To Iraq we didn't blow very much up and when I went to my second deployment to Iraq I kind of had the attitude as if we had the opportunity to blow something up We were gonna blow it up Seems like the smart thing to do Be never taken apart In place And That one you know on the last podcast you were talking about that one operation that you went on and you it was basically a giant ambush against the Whatever seven or eight boats that you guys had that the night infantry had and They must have been prepared Weeding For you got for this group to show up. I mean, what was the enemy that well organized at that point? I wouldn't say well organized But when you got setups guys dropping pamphlets in saying You know, we may be doing something this area You know all the good guys leave and stuff like that You know, I upset a lot to play with that or the choppers going around With their speakers and you know what I mean? Yeah, so yeah, that particular one There was another group of boats that went up ahead of us Dropped off their guys the 19th and 3 and we're coming back we passed them and since we got by I'm I'd say about 10 minutes and we got opened up on they didn't hit the first group. They just hit our group And you know, that was a that was a bad day in dark city, but it you know It got hit really bad, but Managed to get to the shore and put some of the guys off and stuff and it was I think it was gonna be a Pincher movement where they came out for people because they dropped the other guys way off and there were three UDG guys on that Group and then there was three of us on the group that when we got hit and your main mission was gonna be demo if Yeah, basically Yeah Those those big it's weird those are like straight up amphibious operations the armies conducted You know think about that and the Marines are holding the DMZ. Yeah. Yeah, you were saying that the Marines were busy up hold the DMZ at that time Yeah, it kind of blew me away that but the 19th century did a good job And they were fighters, you know and they were out of Washington state of Washington, you know and They We're good good toop Yeah What about another different difference I mean even with the ninth infantry Those guys I mean in UDT you guys are all volunteers and I mean and you said you wouldn't have been drafted ahead you not joined. What did you did you notice any difference between drafted guys and guys that were volunteers Didn't really work with that many army guys in the ninth If it treat you anything I can remember that stands out as I had a second lieutenant come up to me One is on a river boat one of the river boats. They were about right land them and he came up to me with his map and asked me where he was You know and that kind of I went and that's the second lieutenant He's leading up Platoon or Squad of guys in you know that kind of you know him saying I just don't know I don't know my thought of that was is We were trained and we knew what we were gonna do just like in the sealed team and we lean forward And that's what we're gonna do you're just picked off the street go through basic training and then you You know next thing you know you're up on a hill and Vietnam being over ran stuff that's gotta be pretty dramatic You know but then again Americans are Americans we fight you know I mean regardless, but I think we were more Psychologically set for what we did then you're because of the extra training we had and stuff Plus the guys that trained us were a lot of more Vietnam guys and like I said second world war and Korean That gives you and with the type of job they did that that's what we do You got wounded on that vision too. Yeah, right? How bad did you get wounded? Yes, some scrapping on my foot and my leg Who big thing did you think you out of the field for now? I thought at all in fact I got up and started shooting along this guy That's what they did But we had this buddy of ours I think I told you she got hit really bad We're happening on his arms and legs and I calls over to him after I moved my fingers and toes and everything and realized that we all got blown down And then I went over to him hitting with morphine put it through his collar then the 30 gonna got blown off his gun so I got up to start shooting a 30 year in me no big thing but just what you do You know, yeah, we're in a So you shake back with that He got blown on the other side of him and calls over to him didn't see my pin through his collar So he had seen with another shot of morphing, you know, and about Four or five minutes he kind of set up like this is one to do something but he was he was screwed He was really bad and then me and we got up and started shooting and stuff and The guys that were down in everything were after I got a 30 ran out of ammo I started shooting 16s and they had hand-to-sub 16s and shooting stuff loading for us and shit And like I said the ramp went down we started going in towards the beach To let the guys that weren't Wounded get off and we started taking fire right through the front so I went to one side He went to the other side and I was using M79 to try to suppress fire and stuff and we backed off and then we got out of there and did you insert any of the army guys? Yeah about eight or nine of them yeah And how big how how many guys got inserted was that a company a company strikes? Yeah, not yeah was more than a company it was eight boats a lot of people about you can put about 25 30 Okay, yeah We were here and we in like I said it was really a weird thing because you know we're sitting there and then everything just Our fire going off and we heard number one boats hit We're number four boat and in order number three number four yeah number two boats hit Number three boats hit and I remember I just turned and looked at one said we're fucked Then we got hit and what it did is has a canvas cover and they had all those Wire stretchers stacked up and the B40 rocker was heading right towards the Yeah Continental you know I mean whether drive it and everything but it went low and hit those stretchers and they just went You know all that shit went out so But you guys get good medical training. I mean obviously you had to give more fame. Well UDT yeah pretty good been in sealed team we had extensive medical training Fact of first of two and I went over is we had our first class corpsman Probably the best every week he had run a suit several other with soggy head wounds or something Sucking chest wounds and we had the same stuff that you guys did have the many things up in the woods And you'd have to run up and treat him and what to do and we learned to give ourselves a serum album In case the corpsman was hit or something you need to give yourself an ID we did all that stuff Yeah all of us carry that with us everybody had serum album Which is a blood volume expander unit? I mean just in case you had to have it but UDT not so much we knew morphine right new basic some of the basics and You know press your eyes and turn it good. It's not real real good and you do They do a good job with that teach triple C class that they teach now that I forget You forget what it stands for but it's good combat trauma. Yeah guys learn that and so they know what to do when somebody gets hit Everybody in the pitoon knows like a decent amount To get the guy stable Told us and for two this is the one in 1690 says yeah, I'm the only corpsman here And if I get hit somebody's got to take care of me Yeah, so he wanted to get good for him so You get home from that deployment and now like you said you you knew you had enough of the naked warrior Stuff and you said I want to get a big machine gun, but I will say that was one of the best deployments I was on the guys and everything the UDT 12 at that time was comprised of class 40 41 And 42 and some of 43 but everybody knew everybody you know, I mean it was the real tight and real good and Civic bay would put go on the shame. Oh sure what oh my god Yeah, I guess after we've been there for about three weeks you're ready to go to a Yeah, they're dead just to get out of there. You need to go to Vietnam to stay alive. Yeah, pretty much No, I never realized that you guys would go back to You know back to two big day in the middle of one and that's that's Yeah, well we would for Then you'd head off to your next dad like you said we were there for nine months and each death was about three months You know, I mean maybe a little less but we'd have some downtime and so we can then we'd have a return next at which is pretty nice, you know Nine months is a long time but still you know, but actually back in the day Civic bay was almost worse than Vietnam in Samaris because it was almost like the gangsters back in Chicago You had all these different gangs right after each other in shit and when you was walking down McSysai you almost had a look around the corner this if you know they were shooting at each other before you walk by and shit It was uh it was pretty Kind of like the wild wild west and you said that the whole UDT 12 at that time was made up of all guys from the same like five or six buds glass Yeah, I was just that were there too from other classes, but It was a the majority of us that were put into the platoons and stuff for from class 40 39 maybe yeah, 39 was ahead of us they would more than a lot of them went to someone to 12 to They used to split them 11 and 12 you went to a UDT team, right and then Yeah, there a lot of more guys that were you know behind us, but remember we only ran two classes a year and buds Oh no kid, you know two classes a year yeah because 39 was graduated And Then we started 40 okay and then we graduated and that's when 41 was starting you know what do they run now like five? Yeah, something like that five six. It was something like five when I went through yeah, I think so So You had a good experience with UDT, but you still wanted oh, yeah, I got to go come in We put in the chat every month To go to steel team and the yelled at us and said yeah, none to get back, you know So when we got back we were the first two out of UDT and the Cadbury That's awesome and I was you know echo and I had a conversation I was talking about how we had steel team won when I was in training self-silting one We called ourselves cadre and I didn't really know where that came from But I knew that that was what it was called and we were proud that we were cadre But then I was listening to the podcast that you came on and you were talking about cadre And you guys actually called it cadre training that's what I skewed you was yeah Was cadre yeah guys that taught or we're in cadre instructors and that just carried on that Yeah, you know For two training was different, you know once you got in your gut out of Ask you to your cadre then you went to a platoon and you went through platoon turning two and that was still ran by some of the Coddbury Because we had our own training seven team one Team one training self-bent around that long, huh? It was yeah, yeah, that was only team That's true. What's another team members and UDT guys and seal guys yeah That work up or the cadre training now you started getting heavy with fieldcraft with I mean Oh everything yeah, all every Ambushes you name it and then we had the animal river we worked on and the animal river is a lot like Vietnam They actually set up a whole thing there to look like a village They had a little wouldn't now post where they you know at the home nine yard you have to work You'll go down and get in and work your way in and stuff and it was just like Vietnam. It was pretty close And that once again the people that are teaching you are seals that are in cadre now who probably just got back from Vietnam So they got fresh Information from the back of our experience But two and training are 20 to and team one every time a platoon came back that poll Two or three of the best guys from that platoon and put them into our training so and that was every platoon that came back They did that so you had a cross cut of all the different areas of Vietnam and guys that have been in there They did well and that's who That you don't know we had guys like And just some great guys. I mean we got good training and I mean there was no bullshit because they knew We knew that what we learned there was gonna save our asses in our buddies butts So we we got pound into our heads. We did river and stream crossing A lot because you had a lot of rivers and you know Small canal well not small can I was pretty good size either walked on them enough to decide or you went across them You know like as a 60-general I always cared about three UDTs with me you know to help me fold across but I'm just saying yeah to judge the current right So when you went out it would bring you right in where you're supposed to be and stuff like that You know I mean just a extensive training the out of all rivers not real It's not a real fast moving stream, but it's a good current and so you learned all that you know I mean all you learned what you had to have or your gear you had like we'd do Sort of cool stuff where there are 60s and yet to see where we needed to have the Floatation and stuff like that you know to me and it was pretty good actually when I went out to New Island We didn't even have the camp out there We had in Island itself the town there was a gas station and had about four or five Green little green trailers and that's where we stayed at and then they truck us up to where the Canal was the shooting stuff and a lot of times we'd go up there then we'd run back and stuff you know to mean and We'd go up to the chocolate mountains up to Bill wells and stuff like that for Amboyce is and just you know, I mean and what we had no camp there wasn't no camp there. Siphon and Siphon What was that? Siphon I can't remember the Siphon that I mean all along that whole area in fact Later on or as implement to the stuff we'd be going to talk about and come back some other way In your still sea holes or 40 mic might had went into stuff, you know From back and how much how much work were you doing at night? Oh, that's all the only time we worked That's the only thing we do our media action drills and stuff during the day and stuff at all over Amboyce and all the other field graph that we did and everything was all at night because that's when we worked And that was the that was the known thing It was like he up working go out at night. That's what we do pretty much yeah How much did you guys did you guys go out if there was a full moon would you go out less in Vietnam would you go out less if there's a full moon? Cuz you don't fully do stuff you couldn't see that well It's still dark enough because sometimes in the desert a full moon. It's almost like daytime. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah and What you know you're talking about gear a little bit and what you carried And there's all these kind of myths about what guys were doing Birken the day and in in Vietnam a one of them's blue jeans like everyone more blue jeans or a lot a lot of guys War blue jeans, which kind of makes sense to me because they're tough, right? That was the whole reason was I'm the skiddle's on go from And if you're in mangrove and stuff or wooden tear them and stuff rip stop would tear and if you've been down like you when you stopped and stuff The skiddle's in each alive right through the rip stop and stuff so we started wearing the Blue jeans and you wanted to get zip up blue jeans not the button up Because they also kept leaches if you had the button button up ones you were screwed and then sometimes we were panty holes are an ETHAT to keep leaches office, but we'd take the leave eyes and put them into our jungle boots and rivers tape them around so You know, we didn't just be hanging down or shit to come up and stuff because there are a lot of leaches over there No big thing, but I mean you just you just learned you know like I said that panty holes. It's pretty funny because we were on sea float Guys that'd be walking around with peeing can blue and Yellow panty holes on and stuff and sailors are giving us kind of some weird looks and shit It's kind of funny how about guys going barefoot? Well, we had a couple guys that do that and guys stepped on stuff and injured themselves and that I Didn't see that very much at all myself in my platoons maybe other platoons to tell you yeah, that was a big thing But a lot of times we don't walk on trails We walk outside of the trails and there's all kinds of shit in there and you don't want to just be barefoot I guarantee So you get done with that Work up and everything how about how about like your your your pig gunner Higher stories about guys taking every round out of their belt and loobing every individual round especially Stony I heard that about stoner gunners that they take every round out of their belt and loob every individual round and put it back in there Is that not true? I've never seen an happening and we had four guys that carried the stoner machine gun In my last platoon, but I don't know why you'd take them out and put them back in Yeah, they jammed a lot, but that was just a stoner thing. We sent our guys to a Cadillac gauge which is who made the stoner so they could learn all the intricacies and and What to do if something happened you know, I mean the but the pig guns the 60 didn't have to worry about it that much as long as you took care of that Baby it did work for you Do you tell me ever had a malfunction was Operator error, you know I like having a slide down your arm Okay, and you get a link stuck in there or your She didn't hear you have your do brag around your neck and it gets caught and starts dragging Just things you learn you know, and I don't know who told me one one of the Vietnam seals told me this story that Like yeah, the Yes, he was a stoner gunner and when he came back He checked in his weapon and he was going and joined another platoon so he went to get a new stoner Not a new stoner, but one of the stoner's out of the armory and he got it went check the stoner out of the armory and Engraved in the buttstock of the stoner. It said everybody must get stoned Which I always got a good kick out that could have been I was But that 60 it was just and you Developed exactly like my basic loaders about 630 because we had a hundred and thirty round box Okay, and we had China late made that goes went right on the side of it and we slung it, you know on the shot of from the hip But after shooting thousands of rounds from from the hip you get really good I had a barrel coordination of exactly where their round was gonna go but even regardless you always worked it in Doesn't it wasn't a It's gives me a point weapon like m14 You know, it was a it's an area weapon, but still you can get pretty accurate with that some of the bitch and you'd always walk you around Because what you know rounds with the chain off kid Hit a guy just as well as get him right squirons chest or something and I use canteen pouches and I carried five campy canteen pouches around my waist and I put a hundred rounds there and leave about a Ninch out of that got it Then when I food fired and I knew I was getting low I'd pop my lid open on my Canna had grab my thing of my 60 rounds snap men and dump them in and close it or The lid when it opened up had ridges on the side that would slide right in just dependent, you know But what was good about that box is you could be blown upside down or anything you still have the 130 rounds already shoot you know, I mean that's why we liked it, but that's place It's a it's a navy experimental place called China Lake and we said we had them build them for us and they worked really well Did you use a sling? Yeah What we did is we took the big butt plate off put an aircraft butt plate on and if you notice in the back you have that round thing that we would take I would it hooked a few that bring it up and took a hanger and made it down real like this and I put it around the front of the hanger So you could take it off when you're in a chopper so you could hold it down And then you could take it off put it on but you got it fit just right where it was just right exactly where you wanted to do and it worked great You know We were in vented fuchs man. We figured it out. You know like we was on this one bolt one time and we saw these 60 guys they were they had 60s on a boat you know they had these Big metal containers at the rounds when we were lucky and it was a flex tube that went into the 60 and so Couple k bars later we walked off with a couple of those and they were fit perfect in the back of it Prec 70 seven backpack We could put them on held 500 rounds and you had the flex tube that went right into your 60 Yeah, to have a special feed tray for you know me know it's feed tray the The feed tray was right on the end of the flex tube so it's set right in their perfect so And then if we're doing enough the chopper charge the bunker off you had to a 500 rounds right there It was kind of neat where the only ones of it and on that had that fact we came off choppers one time We're doing parakeet ops. I'll tell you about that later and There was a whole bunch army guys and stuff where we landed with the choppers were getting off heat each other on the back and And a couple good fire fights and shit, you know and just know the court of light coming up and everything We're all bearded and you know Levi's and you know that shit and they're saying goddamn I told you Had mercenary's over here Was a mercenary's and one guy says no that seals So you guys that you guys are the originators of the predator pack putting one I think I think we were they use them on the bolts, but not on not out in the field you couldn't control it Did you have to feed it? No, it just it fed itself Right, I was a bodyguard the folder and nothing nothing. It just broke right through their butt. You had to be careful because if you took that thing often laid it down And didn't put a nail through the Through the flex part of it all your rounds would come out So they have this big pile 500 rounds is not good, you know, especially if he's in a fire fight and stuff trying to put it back in you know I'm just and just funny But it was I was pretty good me and a guy named Two of us had those and we fixed them up just just playing and looking at it thinking But you couldn't patrol at night with them on patrol because there was a client client You could hear him moving that was only if you're actually going off and hit them So like you say there are three types of ops we'd go into if we knew we were gonna take heavy One was a down pilot and Another silver tune in trouble and a bright light was bright light that's a prisoner war going into hit them get them out But those three ops sort of the main main three witty wouldn't you no matter what you know Yeah, that's awesome You get so you finish your work up and Now you're over you go your first plan to Vietnam was this key low-polltune? Yeah, you know key low-polltune Vietnam And you're saying you were doing the first podcast you were saying that you did dartboard operations Which was have a guy huck a dart because you guys it didn't have good intel You didn't have good support with it. We were at a place called new name can and it was a Vietnamese firebase out in BFE Jep, you know and And we were here then down here. You had the river and sea flow where other squad was but our squad got put up here That was the one so just one squad out there by itself. Yeah, okay with the Vietnamese guys had a firebase there Okay, and there was not good intel so you basically would throw a dart at the dartboard and then do what go do an ambush there Go set an ambush basically Look set a ambush or something see what was up go patrol yeah And that and you also were inserting primarily on on sand pan turn that deployment pretty much otherwise We about three times we walked out of the firebase and walked back in and that's just that doesn't give you a warm and fuzzy You know because change guards and stuff and you come back in all ACs moving out there and maybe they don't know what the Bonnephide is for you coming back in and shit and you don't have to say that so yeah We didn't do a lot up at new name can because of that and we only had sand pans We didn't have any of our boats up there none of the mediums or lights or anything so After we'd been up there for about a month I think month and a half then they brought us Maybe two months and then they brought us down to sea float Okay, then we start doing some good off-stand there the sand pans how big is the sand pan? How many guys could you fit in it? four or five so you take two sand pans because we were ever yeah, we take two sand pans You've ever gotten into a sand pan? No, there's a lot of real stable bull The enemies are good in them because they're small but you get about five big Americans in there and it's You have to be real careful and are you rowing it? No, it's got a little motor The little lights we used to have a piano with us Okay, we can put it along with us. Wasn't it just ourselves? No and then and then someone would stay with the boats The go-of-the end would stay for the police and come back and get us you know But you didn't start working a lot until you got to sea float. Yeah, and then what kind of officer do you know a sea float? Yeah, same thing Ambushes and going up every setting up Ambushes and that's what I told you I think it you know, I get a little bit confused sometimes on pbrs and swaps. I'm thinking they were pbrs that were down in the sea flow with But they would we'd go up on the pbr and have a boss in the way to where this and a boss in winter could probably hold four or five guys You know plus the guy on the front with a 60 and the guy driving it well with the way we had worked that is we had the whole Platoon there one platoon would be going to do some well two guys out of the other I mean other one squatted go up and two guys from the other squad luckily got to pick to be the driver sitting up on Thing driving the Boston waiter and the other guy on the 60s. Why everybody else was just looking over the edge like this and didn't get your again and wasn't you didn't get real excited when you were chosen to be the The coxon you know how often would you guys make enemy contact when you guys go out on ambush because I had to be kind of like looking for a needle and a haystack right? Yeah, we got Got some contact that was the one down in the square bay. I told you about when we hit the wind I wasn't on that up when they hit that junk and Then all the mother flarist our boss I'm not realizing and a few other times we got in some some crap at that particular that That platoon and that deployment Wasn't we didn't do an awful. We went out a lot We didn't get me wrong, but we didn't get a lot of firefighter stuff It was my second platoon where we Checked out and it sounds like I mean this is sort of classic and you and I were talking about this earlier today if you don't have good intel That's it you know, I don't have a ambush all day without a sea flow. We didn't have that good of them tell you know and Like we didn't have a chief of a platoon. We had a no-peal and No mint and mention of any names, but he wasn't real good, but we had this other guy that chief corpsman I told him not cheap at that corpsman It was a first class and he kind of took over everything he had been with the Marines twice Okay, to Vietnam so he was a good hand. You know, I mean had a ship together with smart and just A couple funny things happening. There was down in the sea flow. I told you where that pilot closed moved and I said, oh, you're looking for me. We thought we'd lost him. You know And that was like The chopper comes in and lands to him. Did one was pretty shot up and door gunner had been hit so they said hey Anybody want to be a door gunner? We're going to go back and pick up some other guys. Well Of course as a corpsman. Yeah, I'll go so he's in UDT. He's he throws a flag jacket on the helmet And takes the door gunner position and they take off and about half hour later the chopper comes back in and lands Shot up even more here he gets off the I mean He gets off the both those this helmet down takes his flat. You got fuck on everything that again Yeah, those we when we had this guy Colonel Colonel reader on who's a Pilot in Vietnam. He's through cobras in Vietnam in a second deployment But those guys those pilots Vietnam the helicopter pilots of Vietnam's they did not they knew they were going to take Throne's they just went in anyways, you know they were bad That was the same as our seawalls and black ponies because the seawalls especially were just unbelievable guys You know just They were just bad ass dudes man. They uh and I told you that one story didn't I about that one chopper? No, so we're kind of pin down behind this rice dice and We're getting some pretty heavy fire from the Trey lines so we're calling for a closer support in the seawalls, you know, so we're Getting up shooting getting back down in May 60 and we're getting kind of low on ammo too except the seawalls We always had ammo stage on the seawalls so you can kick it off to us when they came in so the seawalls are coming We can hear the Rolter's wobble Well when the seawalls weren't doing they were the greatest when they weren't doing Close there's a port that do siops that these great big speakers So we hear this one seawall coming in behind us. We're still shooting everything also now the clear blue sky is for to God You hear this we are the gods of hell fire and we bring you fire and the fucking rockets When we're ahead and get the tree line and they either had a 50 or a minigun on one side of the seawall And that seawall turned like that and just holes the down. I think that one had a minigun And then right behind came another seawall but when they when we heard that we're like everybody just Top shooting we looked back up like Oh, dude it was unreal And that's such a thing They didn't really suppress the fire so then the black pony had 2.7 rockets and Black ponies came in with the 5-in zoomies and when they hit the tree line it was blown shit clurpover head And that pretty much squelched it Yeah Seawall's came in the regular hewies that picked us up and got us out of there. That was that was a good off though The the seawall swore the navy Pilots navy vehicles gunships that came in supported and we're in like coldwards. They were regular. Yeah They were there with rock-a-pods and I think Like the black ponies had the 20-millimeter guns in the front and then the 5-in zoomies They had the just a rock-a-pods but they had a 50-on-one side and or a Minigun on the other side and the most important thing that they had from everything I've heard and from what you're telling me right now Is they had balls? Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, they were just coming and we got drunk one night in our bar Seawalls are on the army side and that's where they had the things so we figured hell We'll go over and visit them and have them drink with us so we jumps in our six-by and Head it out we were they had the army base here and the navy base here We were lived on the Vietnamese side and had our own on barracks all fortified. It was perfect So anyway we got our six-by and was heading out when over where the seawall guys were we won the drink with us, you know We had our sixies with stuff you never knew you know, so we get over there and go walking in their compound and everything all right boys get up Let's drink well, see we made them drink with this naked Because we were all naked so we're all sitting there drinking beers Nakedness M60s and booze a like where this is going Yeah, you guys had way much more fun and Vietnam the right We had a good time. I'm telling you we weren't we would get back for an opt-o or debrief cleaner weapons and Go up and get chips. You know, that's nothing Colonel readers said the same thing he goes he goes yeah, you know We'd go out we'd fly we'd get shot up we'd have to come back and like put the birds and for repair And then we'd get drunk yeah, and then we go and he goes I don't know He really like looked at me and he said I don't know how you guys did it without alcohol basically I was a you know went to desert storm. We were over there nine months and no alcohol So if it was okay, but it mean to me it was just like yeah, this isn't my war, you know We really didn't do that much and yeah, you know the guy did recon's and stuff Right, Michelle and we did that one deception up and when we inserted the Quadies Yeah, they're in and then that's outside of that they never really gotten to a Firefighter, you know, yeah Now that that off with a seal if that was I'm assuming that was on your second deployment. Yeah, because your first your first deployment You know, you did what you did, but it wasn't as fruitful. No, I did to me Tell you the honest I got to come out of you teen the seal team. I was ready to hit the deck running and just seem like we didn't hit the deck running over there and Just didn't have the intel. I don't think our As you were saying leadership was all that good and stuff. I mean we had one guy the LT They were doing some shit down in Seaflo but up where we were we just didn't you couldn't it just wasn't that much you could do you would go out and look Try to find shit and everything but we didn't have actionable intel. Yeah, that we could react on you know What you found out later? That's what you have to have Sometimes too. I think people spread their forces too thin like you think about it You just take a squad and put them out there in a little nowhere with no intel support And you got another squad in some other area with no intel support You know, you might as well bring them together put a couple guys together intel and you start making something happen Well the platoon before us that was there and stuff that that was Platoon those years gotten a lot of shit You know, so I mean you got his metal wand or stuff like that and actually my second trip over Had been in that platoon year on a mean and yeah, tell me some stories about they got a lot of shit But that's we were stuck at new nam can and just didn't well Chef right now you can see the human forest which is a very southern part of Vietnam and it's just triple canopy Just I mean it's we were away from that a little bit you know But there's so many these guy there he had tattoos all over and I guess he had fought with the French against the Vietnamese Vitt men, you know, which was the bad guys fighting the French same as we see and And we're doing a turpper we're talking I mean I got down human forest, you know That's he says yeah a whole Company of French for Legion per tubeers jumped in there and none of them ever came back out. We're going Plus that's when I was telling him my last podcast I did that's where we landed and we're just starting to put our shit away and The slow-slans and it's a screwdriver and good friend of mine real good friend of mine now and then when that Loach took off we've got the shit mortar now for about two hours and that's really told him don't ever come here again Yeah, so now when you get back you get back you do another work up and Well actually you got out for a little bit you come back in you decide, you know That's like when I went to college I had to go I had to get my once I got my commission I had to go to college and people tell Would you learn in college and I'd say I learned in college never ever ever ever get out of the teams ever You get out for a year or something and you come back in and getting your your second Poutine getting ready to go to be it was that no Vemper Poutine? Yes, okay That's you're he just passed and what a great guy. I mean I was either the Poutine commander Yeah, he was the only you die we the OT you know he's a great guy just a great guy man Yeah, and he just passed here about three weeks ago We went up in the Rolls Crans and they buried human stuff, but he was a great guy man and That work up that work up did it did much change between your first work up at seal team in your second one Actually, what I got out came back in and went back through Cadbury. Oh, okay Just a you know kind of fresh yourself refreshed. I've been about a year as out you know I mean and it just what that's what he did in team one If you were gone way over six months or something you went back to Cadbury Just there even the guys that came from these coasts, you know just so they know how we worked and stuff which was good Why was going through Cadbury Jerry Fletcher was out there with his platoon and they got to know him and I knew some of the other guys in Boutoon So as soon as I got out of Cadbury They lost a guy in their platoon and lucky enough as good enough to get into it So I didn't go through the whole work up with November tune. I just got in it and That's why I was telling you is down at the ring field. They used to have a firing range down there and I was figuring out man. I might shoot something else I you know that's when I actually asked the first that's when I picked up a 60 me in this guy We shot at this career so log pieces flew off the career so long and we set it on fire and I remember looking They look at me and it was like We're in so that was it Yeah, the 60s a beautiful thing. Oh, it's a great thing So this next deployment and you mentioned this on the on the first podcast from you came on about the orders that you got from Was it from Mac V. So I guess that who you get orders from now for V now for V Nav for V okay, and we landed inside gun and our LT die we went up to see where we're gonna go what? What area we're gonna work in what province? You know, he went up there and they told him why you got the Vinlong province, which is where Dongtam is and stuff and he said his orders were to pacify it. That was it And we brought it he picked up a whole bunch of money so we could pay our kick-arts and scouts and stuff like that And we went to Dongtam while we stopped at Ben luck first. It's about 40 miles away from Dongtam And there was another between their Gary Gallagher's between and we shows up in our six buys and stuff And we're kind of rugged looking because we've been in Saigon for three days and Have a good time and shit and come and walkin out and he looks at us. He goes got damn you guys look like he been here six months already You always little be drag-oed and shit that we went to Dongtam, but we used to go back and forth I was an epilotune George anger, they just had some great guys. Yeah, and they were like just said there are sister platoon You know, so we'd go and see each other once in a while with the sister platoon's deploy at the same time. No, they had been over there for three months Okay, so was it like a overlap of three months between the platoon and some of them? Yeah There's two of them may go at the same time. Usually when you got there There was another platoon somewhere around yet rather e-scoff or west coast Of course e-scoffs had two platoons over there. So fun tell. I'm thinking it was one tell God, I'm still trying to think of that name It's the right on a river and that's where these coast platoon was we never not be That's where it was not be and that's where the e-scoffs platoon was there they had a platoon there and they had a platoon of meto That was their two platoons and then we took over when they left We took over the one that don't I at meto but we moved to Dongtam because we didn't want to be right in the middle of a a city, you know or a big big A town where we were sitting so we moved down to Dongtam and then the navy based in waters the army based in waters so they put us in the Vietnamese base that split them So there you go. Yeah, that was good. We had our boats right there everything was perfect We go to the army base the testfire weapons and shit and they were doing that all the time anyway So it wasn't it's another thing I wonder how many to how they testfire their weapons and shit anyway So what was your optempo like when you were on the second deployment with the platoon? The platoon was a wind god about Every two to three days Because you had to gather in town and stuff like that and then it would get a little break and if we were real bored We'd do what we called pair of key dops and There was this area. I don't know if I talked about this in the first hot catchup, but it was a place called the Plain of Reeds and it was all Enemy as all VC and so we'd take off four or five of us in a QE in have a see wolf and front and back of us and we just fly out there start looking over Gover small hamlins and really just if you see VC run around to get shot at did land us with sweep through Then they'd pick us up and we'd go look for some more, you know That's when we're bored, you know, we call them pair of key dops Then the when we hit and start spreading around the seawolf would go off. I mean not seawolf and seaword Which was our hewie and then the seawals and start circling looking for squirtiers and stuff, you know It was good we might get in two or three firefighters. You know Yeah, I guess Yeah That would daytime off Yeah, so you're just to run in those daytime offs and what you would you just look at the map and say hey This is probably a good spot. Yeah, the plan to read the whole place Right VC stronghold VC stronghold and a lot of VC out there So and then that's when we took a couple of the Austrians with us on that and the spirit keyed off to stuff in the blue metal water How they like it did they come back for more? Oh, yeah, we we have groups come down to this and I mean I To knew he did where the Austrolin the saus were and when I was them and that was pretty pretty unique, you know My 60 and About 500 rounds and 120 pound pack and walked around for about eight days. I was real happy about that Yeah, that's not good. They were there great troops and you know, they loved coming down and working with us because we got contact and When they you know up there they look for things to see if what they could find they had two types of things We had a five man fighting patrol or a ten I mean a five man wrecky or a ten man fighting patrol Well, we went out with him. It was a ten man fighting patrol because we were going to go into this area that the Austrolin armoured infantry had taken over this North Indian NBA North Vietnamese Army base camp and then just decimated it Well, our job was to go see if any of the NBA had moved back into the area And it was good best like I said my first podcast is the best reconnaissance guys I've ever ever worked with and their fighters too Yeah, they're good good good good good troops. Yeah, some reason a lot of people ask me if you've ever worked with foreign troops Everyone want to kind of kind of want to know what we think of their countries and their troops, you know, and you know the brits and the Aussies You know the S.A.S. or top chill for the first year The only ones that went out with us on patrol and I think were in Vietnam. We were the only ones that went out with them You know, and it all started out with a couple of sask guys drinking the bar with a couple of our guys and Pupar paths and telling tall tales and you know drinking bears and shit and I think you know we have this exchange and it's been on going Yeah, yeah always when I was a team one there was always a S.A.S. guy there. Yeah, did you when you went to go? Did you get to go to Austin? I never went. No, you'd love it. Yeah, that's what we went tell. I always got I always got screwed out of going Australia for a while times after Vietnam and hell, there was chill guys there that had been to Vietnam with Yes, you know what I mean it was good. It was great. Yeah, I always got screwed for some reason I'd always go. Yeah, we're going to go on Australian some something would come up where we wouldn't get to go That's because your for the tune of us who wasn't very well like there's something most likely But when you said you're getting contacted a lot, so you're doing an op every two three days How often are you guys getting an enemy contact? Just thought every time we went out because we were going out on actionable intel They don't I mean and I Should I can't think of all of it like that one time I was telling you and another time we hit these two hooches and guys came out It was like you'll kick the relks that we won and And another time we was doing this recon just looking and this one guy Or gets up on top of this bunker because we couldn't find any entrance around it They may have had a tunnel coming into it somewhere and he's up there I'm staying here in the sky This way as a 60's there and we're kind of watching the area for him ways up there looking around and Tune tune tune tune right by me comes to safety 47 rounds and they miss me. I don't know how the hell they miss me But then jumps off the the bunker down right beside me and This is gone. Yeah, the guys over there the guys over there in me and Ariel and what's she's the son of a bitch finally we saw where his rounds came in and we started shooting another time We got pinned down a little bit and we were gonna go and hit this Check this hospital out and stuff we got hit pretty hard. We had a pull back and you know We've got that might have been when we got pinned down You know, is that when you called them the sea wolves? Yeah, we called them in a few times, you know Yeah, no, it's it's interesting because people think that every time you go out You're gonna get enemy contact and you could see I mean your first deployment It was rare that you'd get enemy contact the second time. It's a lot more often yeah, like my first deployment to Iraq We got like I don't know like four or five fire fights, maybe and they were all pretty like not not really a big deal And then when I was a troop commander in the body the platoons were getting into it all the time. You know almost every not not almost every But a lot of the times I mean I'm majority of times there'd be there be shooting going on, you know Yeah, I might tell you I've talked a lot of guys that were in your platoon and Ramadi and they they'd follow you to the The hell if they had it they loved you so just letting you know you had a real good impression and you You were outstanding just telling you that that's for my guy and you know talking to the guys in the ground Crinking stuff when your name comes up Well, they're drunk I guess that's that's the reason Just like you know, you know well those guys were those guys did those guys actually never mind They would they did they they did all kind of stuff that was above way above and beyond the call of duty for sure and God you want to fight That's what that's what just supposed to do you know yeah was There's an awesome deployment awesome deployment with work with awesome guys for sure Hell we went out one time and we heard there was this cashier, you know, so But we did want people to know they were going out there so we gotten to a Retridger truck and hidden the back to that until they got close to where the cashier was then we went out and dug it up and came back Just little things you know that was a need-off Yeah, that's That it's good stuff when When you get back from that deployment and that was the last no Vemperpalton was the last fully deployed to Vietnam Yeah, and you didn't get me you didn't go back to Sue Beck when you were in Superton, did you know that was like no You can't see there's a whole time. Yeah, well you did get two weeks or a week or two weeks. I think of our NAR And I think I went to Hawaii And Thailand one time so echo support your choice of going to Hawaii. He's from Hawaii, so yeah, Hawaii isn't bad Nope, that kind of weird don't go into Hawaii and everything is okay I didn't piece for everything and you just come out of the woods and you know after you've been there for a while You're you kind of want to go back, you know what I mean? I don't know if I don't went to Thailand I probably would have stayed in Thailand still been there now and I'd probably be dead Yeah, there's a lot of people that go to Thailand and don't come back Bangkok makes the hard man humble I remember the last time we talked about this blue one blue that you guys had was that in November of Tune? No, that was in Kilo. Oh, that was in Kilo And that was our That was our the officer that was with us in New NAMM can and it was like you say it was supposed to be a hammer and anvil up it just went wrong Yeah, and I I'm not sure if he was stood up to shoot or if he was trying to wave and tell him to stop you in any way God he had you know Killed him so and then we almost had another in November of Tune I forgot to mention this so we're hitting this island. It's not a big island But it had hooches all along one side So they wanted us to go through and check out the hooches and we had what we called white mice with us They were Vietnamese intel guys. I could look through things and find out There's any VC stuff you know what I mean so I think so we land some or sweeping through it And I had this one white mice with me and I had my 60 well the guy that Plan this off and thought it was a good idea was our dead golf guy and That golf was your senior seal was that death golf and he was kind of in charge of all the other platoons ever spread out and And so we did it and he was with us and he has interpreter So and we were told everybody stay on the side when we patrol because anything on the Less side is a free fire zone right so we're walking along and I'm looking at the woods And I'll say I see this flit and through the woods So I bring my 60 up take it off a safe and I'm watching well where the woods were there was a space and another part of the woods I wanted the VC who I thought it was to get out in the space and then at hammering you know Open up in my 60 and we were spread out a little bit because everybody was checking different things out as we're going along So I had it off safe. I'm just haven't laid it up on this rice rice bag You know with rice on it and just waiting who comes out? But the The dead golf guy I was so fucking pissed I'd have been a new guy. I'd open up You know, I mean maybe killed him and things so I told Jerry Fletch and my LT about it and he never went out with us again Because that was crazy. He was on the free fire zone You know what I mean and like you say what if I'd been a brand new guy or something But I wanted to wait till he got out so I had a clear picture before I opened up on him Yeah, I mean even your mindset wasn't even let me confirm this is a bad guy You knew it was a bad guy. You were just waiting for the him out the bad guy Yeah, yeah, I was the same thing that might be one of our guys Who was a bad guy because we had already briefed heavily everybody stay on this side Anybody over there and you see him open up on him. You know when I was running training man I I worked those guys They would have blue on blues all the time in training I mean we would just make stuff so confusing and just Put the enemy in the wrong place and get guys confused I wanted them to have blue on blues and training so they realized how easy it is to happen So you get a guy instead of making that decision like oh, just you know what this probably get a good vantage point over here If I just walk over here and they'll know it's me you know it's like no they won't know it's you they'll kill you So yeah, it's You've got a people don't understand how confusing it gets out there man. It gets confusing That's that's what you're training in your like I was telling you know the same dark button Vietnam What's our media action drills and have them so ingrained into us that it's dark You know exactly where the guy is gonna be and what you're gonna do whether it's a peel off or whether you're going to the right or left You know me getting out of the the fire zone whatever you know I mean but you had to have that man that was immediate action drills to me or the key No matter what you're doing whether it's urban or I think which I can't really say no It's the same thing it's the same thing in urban environment. You gotta have a media act Like say you have a hooch there and you're gonna hit the hooch, you know and we know there's probably bad guys in it You know we're coming in what we do is two guys to branch out to the right or left to get anybody from behind The rest one would go in one guy would turn around look that way and the guys that go in and that way they can shoot You know 180 you know me and nobody was down now if the hooch was covered and had foliage around it Then as we came in one of the guys and the left would go down lay down look behind the other guy'd be right here at the corner So he could see anybody coming out of window and then we'd have the other guy over here and then we'd go in and hit it But what I'm saying is when we did that It was like that. I mean that and that was our immediate action Stuff that we did that's how we'd hit a hooch. Yeah, and then when guys went in that switch When it's swing high one and swing low just you know to check it out then they'd go through then they'd say clear or we got someone and Whoever was right next to the door Face now because we had her security and it didn't know if any but he was gonna come behind you as it bring the guy out like I had my 60 I'd stick my 60 right between his legs and Get fall down then and put my 60 Miss mouth and go shhh He wouldn't say much, you know It would take off. Yeah, that you were talking about how the S.A.S. one time you went out I'm sure with the S.A.S. and they went out they you're out there for like 10 days and no one said a single word Not a whole time if you did say 7 you put your right next to the guys are your mouth Yeah, right actually they were in talk Yeah, normally it was all hand-seeing was But like what you're talking about all the stuff that you just described do all that stuff without talking everyone just knows where to go It's all the time. It's a standard operating procedure It's the immediate action drill and everybody knows exactly what to do and yeah, that's just like you get a booby trap or something This smartest thing to do is back away and come in a different way, but if you had to keep going You'd feel it with your hand and Grab the guy next year behind you and show him where it was then you had to step over it We've on a few steps away till he got over it by grabbing a guy behind him and you just keep moving Yeah, that's the how often would you guys do that? Not too often we we did run into him occasionally, but we were kind of lucky we never had plus you'd see You'd be able to pick up the signs if you did happen to go on a trail you could see Broken branches facing in a certain way or little little sticks pointing in a certain way or actually We got landed one time in this rice patty and we look after we got off every start Look around and all you can see was two doys signs which you might mind field so we didn't move You know we just called the choppers back in So you're you're second deployment to Vietnam How many cows? How many cows did you know one got killed right? Oh, we didn't get anybody hit or killed no one got hit or killed Despite getting in all those gun fights Don't ask me one of those things God's a frog man. Yeah, we we figured You know we're getting to the point that's why we had six month deployments and not a year Yeah, or you know whatever because you start getting feeling like you're Involverable, you know, but we're on the cut edge and we just had the firepower we're better. I mean you could have had the odd child like that one Yeah, when I went right by me or something I couldn't get me right in the chest No, you had too much skill to get hit I don't know I wasn't skill that if you're lucky Yeah, I know it's like Unfortunately in combat you can do everything right you can still get killed and all kinds of things wrong and live We did that stable high-namboyce that one night. I think I told you about that. I don't think so. Okay, so About a section of we had and not Thought we're going to go ahead and hit this one area here and if no reason the The little village or anything like that then we're gonna do a stable high-namboyce and so a squad of us went in and And put 12 through through some Willy Peter into Hootjes and shit like that and just kind of Caused hating discontent and then the sun start going down So soon as it's hard going down we've gotten an L-shaped ambush Being in were rice padded you're going this way that were in stuff and then we had the other choppers came in like they were gonna pick us up We had a rather squad on it. They got off the chopper ran around and got back in it like we're being extracted right So we sat there and sat there for about 45 minutes almost an hour No, so in here these guys can walk in on the thrice type with AK 47's and shit and stuff and now we opened up on them and you know Bloom off the rice diet and shit and then they opened up on us from the tree line Hit him a little bit the seawalls came in did some damage and shit and then the fucking chopper came in There's only one of them so we all couldn't get on it We landed with two choppers, you know So me and another guy a radio man and a stoner guy myself stayed there where that chopper went long-tam wasn't too far away Come back and pick this up, you know my poop was a little tight tight on that No, I was along the way you said on the ground. Oh, about another 20 minutes That would be lonely but nobody came in to the village after that because we'd You would hammer them, you know pretty bad, so now it was pretty good That was a brilliant off anyway, so I'm shooting my 60 is over here shooting 40 Mike Mike and there's a small stream between us And we got back for drinking beers patting poopers, seeing you know telling tall tales and she has it It says God damn didn't you see that fucking String around so went right by you on that stream and I said no because I shoot my 60 It was pretty the you know, I mean Yeah, that's a good time Yeah, that's an amazing deployment to do that was a jable high-namborge classic Yeah, I mean just the way you want to do it They knew it was there they thought we had left they came in and we got the son of bitches Yeah, you know and then they always saying you know Did just shoot a guy yourself well, you know when you will bring up a stoner to the 60s and you see guys flying off a rice taxi She said you're not sure if it's your 60 that hit them or if it's the stoner or whatever, you know Yeah, so Only one time I know I hit a guy For a fact is that often that when we came off the choppers and did that okay corail thing Yeah, well, then me and another guy went around the before the squad continued moving by we wanted to check out the back, you know So he and I go with walking around and he had a car. He was a corpsman and I saw him walk around the edge and fire about three times I step by he missed the guy And here's this guy with an 847 right about here and I stepped around with my 60 point right at him, you know And I just flipped him. Yeah, I think we're going up and went kept going and then three guys popped up out of the rice Tyken one they started shooting at us and we were shooting back, but a sea wolf was coming right over us and three rounds Right through the instrument panel on the sea wolf didn't hit anybody They turned like this and we got had a mini gun and just went oh And we just dropped down because it was fucking rounds going everywhere Yeah, that's that the amount of fire fights you got you're getting it to take no casualties. Yeah, we didn't that's amazing. No, that's amazing That's incredible and we didn't have a lot of pictures either because we didn't have a professional photographer walking around with the Yeah, I mean it's a we missed I would say in Ramadi we missed the real Like a couple deployments later maybe a year later when guys were going on deployments then pictures everything because they had helmet cams and they had all this stuff And we didn't and as a matter of fact at that time there was like rules against taking pictures So we don't have a bunch of pictures. Yeah, we did we never and both potuins I was in we took one just before we deployed you know the whole platoon and then hardly nothing else after that we wouldn't let photographer's close to us we wouldn't let But News people even come close. We're not in the mean space in where they couldn't get on it. It was perfect and we just Yeah, we just went on dinner thing had a good time and didn't beat no drums about it. You know to me. It was it was good There was a couple of platoons that had a photographer with him that took a lot of pictures and she had new probably You probably seen them in the substance, you know We didn't the there's platoon as well for in Iraq there was platoon's it got in trouble That's one of the reasons why we didn't take pictures because there was platoons that had pictures That got exposed and got released and they were shooting their pictures. They shouldn't have taken and they got trouble and it You know not just that they got in trouble, but it was bad press bad press for America, you know And that's why there was rules. It's like hey no pictures So we don't have a lot of pictures of women right now You can do a hundred things right and you do one thing wrong and that's what's gonna pop up Yeah, and you do one thing wrong and you take a picture of it. That's and these days You know that picture's going around the world in in 30 seconds. Yeah, so it's The desk one thing that is definitely changed and it and like I said when we're in the body We were just on the like I don't think people were really on social media yet That we know not everybody had a camera and not everybody You know had a video can these guys got video cameras now they got helmet cams they got all the stuff and You know some of it's good some of it's better. First of all, I mean you're not gonna get any better intel There was a company commander from the first the 506 who was one of the best guys I've ever worked with But he video taped every time he went out on patrol in a Humvee or or not in a Humvee However, he was going on patrol. He filmed the whole thing and he was working in one specific district of Ramadi called the Moolob district and He would come back and watch those videos and he would just and I sat there and watch them with him one time And he was yeah, you see this garbage can over here. Yeah, this this one's a good landmark because it's a different color And then up on this street corn right here. This this this this poll is always filled with so many wires It always scares me, you know because there's so many wires hanging off it And he just had the whole city memorized because he had a camera rolling and his home feed the whole time and For so for that reason plus when you gather intel, you know, you're going into a building and and you got pictures of everything You got if anyone ever goes in that building and you hear it. Oh, here you go Well, here's what it's laid out. So there's some definite benefits to it But yeah, there's some real drawbacks as well if you know for people Can use that stuff for propaganda against you or if your videotape and things or your recording things that are gonna make you know The Americans look bad and now you're saying okay. You did this well Here's what was happening in the situation here's why this happened and Here's the context well the context isn't gonna make it on to YouTube the only thing that's gonna make it on to YouTube Is the thing that makes America look bad and that's what's gonna So that's what the reporters are gonna key on We got everything yeah see we had barn dance files. I tell you about that. You did mention them yeah Barn dance files where this every time you went on an op and you came back The guy was Tony was our intel guy or first class and we he'd fill out these barn dance cards Why they call them barn dance? That's just the pro word for whatever But if they had the who wear what and why's equipment anything? We found out there what fire fights we got into what what the enemy were using anything that would be good Intel and just a five by four by five card But it was really good and every pertune like our the platoon we relieved already had theirs So if we were going back into a specific area that that went into we had it organized We'd look it up caught up read and see what they hit and what they got and all that stuff and that would be help us out When we were going on and we'd when it did a briefs and stuff and we do the same thing But every platoon would have these barn dance files of what they did and the areas they went into and stuff And it was pretty good, you know, that's how we did it. You know, that's uh We didn't do the camera recorded like this and but we anything that we saw that would be a venture So another patrol or another platoon going into that area then we'd let them know you know See the barn dance files and then like you said when we got to Doong Tam Vinlong Province What did it split us up into provinces or districts in that province and then we would go out Whether a kick-karts and scalts are interpreter and gather intel from the PSP guys The chiefs are from the SF that were out in the field in door Rangers that were doing fire bases and stuff like that And bring that back and then we would put it up on our sit map and start working, you know, like we had this one We knew through our our province at this one VCI which is your high level guy They wouldn't transmit communication wise. They would bring your orders in and packets You know what I'm saying and he would come through the province maybe Once a month With all the different information that he was handed to the VC what they wanted to hit and stuff But he had all this stuff we knew he came through there every time But there were three different trails that he used because we'd gotten intel we didn't know which one it was So so we went out on the one trail did an ambush waxing people and shed like that So we knew next time he came he wasn't gonna do that trail and then we did the same thing on the other trail right? Yeah, so we figured he's gonna come down this trail so we set up on him got him he came down that trail We got him got some good intel. That's beautiful But that was just working with actionable intel trying to figure it out and and working it you know So yeah, work out real good. We want that up always heard about this up where They wanted to get this one VCI and they ended up hitting like his His family or some member of his family and then when they went to the feet when they had the funeral They wouldn't got the guy that they wouldn't know I wouldn't on that there's a lot of things that happened and Like you say when you're in your platoon that's kind of your world and that stuff and I've heard of I don't remember hearing about that, but I probably was one time and the trade wins the bar We used to drink that corn out of or something I'm sure that that was brought up like guy used to hit tax collectors and get their PAS to from their money and then they would turn turn that into NPC and Stuff you know just different things. Yeah guys we're gonna get a collector because that's a good thing You know I support Yeah, yeah, a whole bag full of money. Well. Oh well, you know, yeah, no, that's that's awesome That's and it's all another thing that people You know, it's all self-generated so much of it is self-generated like what you're talking about it's the same thing for us I mean I had an intel group but my intel group was Seals some intel seals and some intel guys and they created all of our intel and you know our guys fed into it and so we Produced our own targets kind of like what you're saying yeah people have this thought that you know That the assault force is sitting there waiting for some command to come down and go hit this target But it really is we're making up the targets. We're figuring them out ourselves most of the time Yeah, well, I can see the difference from my first platoon or we didn't have anything and my second Platoon where we actually worked off of actually an actionable intel that we got it was like night and day I would do it's a whole different world and just like we talked about before we started this you know you got your fine You got your fix and then you got your finish and Exploitation of you know what I mean, but that we're the best in the world. I think on d-a stuff the finish But you can't do the the finish if you don't have the fine where you know what to go and have you know I mean and that's why long time ago we start up that field craft and all that it was stuff but We are prudevisors We had a training side up in queer macca You know we called to advanced training and it was for our prudevisors because they would go over there by themselves Yeah, oh with one of their Americans and have about 50 VC Whatever that they were in charge of and the prude's actually were for when the CIA would could collect intel But they didn't have a Method of going out and hitting it, you know, reacting on doing the finished part of it so that's when they started the pruprogram Right, and that's what we have for what provincial Prevention recon units right is what they were called prudes we come prudes like you say if I throw out an accuracy Yeah, no, I'm just making sure that's just so used you know anyway And they would post select guys to go through this prude training and ease close guys too and Then they would go over and work and you said they'd be in charge you said VC but you did mean that X VC X VC yeah, not not the act that guys at two avoidin stuff and decide they want to make money, you know, I mean so mercenaries is what they were and So they had that To do you homine trade does it mean turn coat what is a two-hoise a guy that yeah, you left the The life of the city and went to the south Do you know what two-hoi actually means? No, I don't the actual noun of it. No, yeah, it's a good it was I they'd put him in this camp and like when we went to Don Cam We went to that camp with our interpreter, but we just haven't have a Special both guy at the time MST we call them mobile support team not SPU That spoke fluent Vietnamese so we'd bring him with us when our interpreter didn't realize this guy could speak Vietnamese too and then we'd start interrogating guys for our district that we're in, you know For myself or then along where the guys were and we would Talk to him interrogate him and stuff and they sounded like they were good to go then we'd bring him in his kick-harsons Scouts they would stay with us we'd let him go and stuff at any time we had an off the state with us Until the office done and stuff you know what I mean? They we just didn't let him go But they turned out that they were great guys and Anyway the Proof program was about six months long and half of it was three-co-half half of it was medical Because you had to have that when you're working out there the medical especially because you're on your own out there You know and you got to be able to take care of yourself if you get it and And then they would come over but these guys would also if they got done like For going to another platoon It would be able to get that is Everything he did but we had about seven guys at our six guys It was one of them that went to a Special school like camp Perry, but it wasn't camp air as different as a shorter version And they got that training and they're the ones that were the category for that set and Like my lab first platoon in 69 my whole platoon went through most of that before we deployed over So you get all that stuff we didn't get the fieldcraft portion of it, but they had some great really good Quick kill trails and stuff like that and that would encompass everything you know to me Yeah, and we're lucky because of platoon every once a while They didn't have guys going through it build to pick that up and go through it But that was the superb training. I mean really good, you know, yeah, that's yeah All boys back in training all the yeah, and that's one of that's one of the best things about the seal teams But they called it to advance training for sat training Specifically for the Pervasion recon units that they sent the guys over to So when you got back from that deployment of Vietnam now like I said that was November platoon was the last full deployment of two Vietnam And you now you know the wars kind of over But but you stayed in the teams did you go right to buzz them in? Yeah, so I get these orders to the MTV space. I thought what's the ship? Because that's when the dirty 30 was happy. No, that's the way Explain the 30 30 to people now dirty 30 is where after the war We had too many people and they wanted to cut us down So even though guys just got out of training stuff they picked 30 guys to go out to the fleet be divers EOD and stuff like that and after two years they could come back or whatever and it was just sucked It was just one of the low points. I think of the teams magic just made your made it through buzz and Or unity training whatever they call it back then I might have been buds and next thing you know you're you know You're going to dive school or somewhere I went over to and that was really pissed I went over to to Buds as a instructor land warfare was a third phase. No, that's shit, but They still had LDNN program going on then which is where You know gotten his action some other guys did now I want to stay there and still do the LDNN but I think I don't know I just was one selected go to Buds Then when I got down the buds that went back to team one how long were you a buds instructor just two years And then you go back to team one I was there again for about seven years and Talk about three or four platoon you know what I mean When when you see buds now because you still are in the community is there any major difference that you notice between what you went through and what you see now A lot more land warfare now. Yeah, I think the kids get trained better. There's so much mortal learn I don't know half our class probably we're flunked just academically with what the guys got to know now I sort of got we're a frog band. It was you know Wasn't that hard but now with all the calm and everything those guys go Are they teaching that stuff in buds they teach common buds They teach some of it. Yeah, not all of it some of it and they a lot of IEDs When I go out to saying convenience if I guess they do maybe they don't maybe that's more in Ask you to keep it now. They got to use radios and shit there and buds, but it's just a it's the mixture between what we did next QT and What was the frog band but I think the frog man part of it the unity part of it is kind of really Slapped off. I think they do a few cursory parallel perpendicular recon's and stuff like that But when I went through we were in that fucking water. So cold. Nobody always said you know that's it You earned your wetsuit And it was the full wetsuit. It was just the uh well that's for sure. Yeah, that was the same with me. We had we had the old wetsuits with beaver tails And we even when I went through this is 1991 right and so it's not like you couldn't get a decent good Surfing wetsuit because I surfed and I knew what a good sweatsuit was so they gave me that shitty Wet suit with the beaver tail with the big zipper a big loose open it looked like a 1970s disco There's so much water going through that thing. It was almost not worth whenever well We we our first swim Was in ED keys And no fans or nothing you earned your fans go yeah, wetsuit appreciation Yeah, they had they called it wetsuit appreciation and then they fit appreciation also to get your fans too You know, and then we got our fans and we still did a couple of swims without the wetsuit And we got our wetsuit. I mean it was like Jesus Christ Everybody always says yeah, you know mine cold water do you and I says I've hated cold water all my life It's just part of her job and it's what you do you know them Yeah, you only get wet once. Yeah, that's the time like you know what you just oh you're gonna get wet You could just get wet one time and then doesn't matter anymore But the I mean in there's certain things that I don't think if change like there's always been a 5.5 nautical miles one Yeah, right that I don't think that's gotten any shorter. I don't think that that just is what it is a lot of the standards of state the same physically and It Flex weights a little bit. I think about who's the director over buds and how many times they roll people back and then thing back in the day I mean if a guy Was it got dropped or something he was gone never saw me. Yeah, he was just he was out of there You know it wasn't come back later Maybe they did after a couple of years Yeah, I'm like we had a guy in our class name He didn't been in class 37. I think and he had broke his hip and And then he was in my class and he made it you know what I mean Really got hyper for me a band There was a guy in my class that had rolled back his Jeff eggs as a matter of fact Who's a jitter guy, but he had hyper for him. They dropped him for hyper for me and he wouldn't So They told me he's out they're like you're done. Hey man, listen you're a great guy, but you can't you can't be in the program anymore Because you just get hyper for me. It's too easy and he's like no, I'm not leaving and They gave him his dung a raiseback which is like the regular navy thing that you wear You know and he showed up with the glass on Monday with his dung a reason just pt and with the glass in the compound And they looked at him and they're like all right, we'll give this bastard another shot That's how good yeah, he was a he's a hard dude. He made it through But you know hyper through me is a lot like a he did Exhaust you when you get it that the heat thing yeah It'll come back and bite you You know really does I mean I sort of got it Hyper for me is like that too. Yeah, if you get a roll bad case I knew it's like that with heat exhaustion, but I know it's like that with hyper for me I think it is. I mean maybe I'm wrong. Yeah, I'm just you're that's what I heard so I don't know well I'm lucky because I've always been pretty well marbled in terms of insulation This was really skinny lean dude I was found out if you swim as hard as you can you usually stay warm in your house That's a good boy. I don't like threaten water and cold water, you know, like that's Fumurlin I was telling you about that was that was painful God almighty that was cold And I told you when we first got to buds they had us go down to 401 and gave us a talk You know the guy left you and right here won't be there it's easier to pass a marshmallow through the keyhole of a needle Then make it through and roll go in yeah, whatever and so they march just so back in front of the bay You know, I told you around the bay side and that The guys tell you about come walking around you kind of look at us working like you know Yeah, how tough can this be and everything and he said about face Forward march and march just all of their dress blues right in the water So you got your flaps stick around like this all the white hats floating and the officer's had and kind of looked at each other when God damn This may not be that easy and went downhill from there. You know, that sucks Yeah, that sucks that's difficult So you got done you got done with being a buds instructor you went back and you did a bunch of people how many Poutunes did you do back and did overall nine Yeah, that's not that many but it mean it was good actually that is a lot for anyone that's listening to a nine But there's a lot because that's nine Poutunes with workups. Yeah, that's like 20 years worth of work right there And And then you know how to story about you and You got into a fight with some guy at Nyland Oh, yeah Yeah, this is like You got into a fight with some guy at night. Oh, no, that wasn't that was this guy that was just out of prison That's the one yeah, so I'd hear in About six six yeah, yeah, somehow You know, I heard the story from my Poutune chief and he said yeah He said Roger he's a tough as best for life and I said it was yeah one time route at Nyland and there's some guy in a bar and he's Whatever something happens and you guys throw down and apparently you guys had like a legit Like five maybe ten minute fight It was terrible. Yeah, so I Walked in the barn. I'm just sitting there and he is a song kept playing this Western She rides this out of the little and that it on a fun. I asked the bartender got damn Can you play a different song? Guy turns it off and this great big guy stands up like he said he'd blonde hair about six four I think Let's just look you know the steel blue eyes and stuff and how come you turn that off and a bartender pointed right to me Well, he said they turned it off and then the guy looks at me and I went I don't want to fight You know, yeah, just you just don't get in fights them so I started walking out the door going across the other bar Which is right across the street like he wouldn't have followed me so he follows me out the door And I turned and looked at him and I said now he's gonna follow me over there We're probably one of fighting so I jumped on one foot twice and hitting him as hard as I could Right in the jaw knocked him down just hit went like this and And hit the wall and some of it stood right back up and I went holy shit You know anyway we did about a 10 minute fighting he actually never hit me one time because I just I wasn't really good Shaping out nylon yeah running in and you know to mean and so finally we squirre off again, you know And I look at him. He looks at me and you know, I'm covered blood, but it's his blood drip But I mean because I just kept you know point if the guy had ever hit me hit a kill me He was fighting for fun. I was fighting for my life That's the deal so we squirre off again and finally I went We can I'm not tired yet and we can keep on fighting or we can go across the street to have a bear and he thought about it He says well let's go have a bear put his arm around me. You're pretty tough for a little guy And I'm almost crying Yeah, I've got thank God That's probably the toughest fight of every bending that guy was a Jesus and then I found out he'd been in prison. Yeah, that's what he did his weight lifting box And he was in prison. Yeah, that's how I got out of that. Oh never know man I was the punch line was that dude just got out of prison. It was a weight lifting a box that got box Yeah, that was uh that was a that was a worn out Yeah, a few moments of excitement and that one and then you uh you became a worn officer Yeah, I was a master chief. I was a master chief of group one And that was all I was gonna do after that wasn't gonna go to work on everything and that's when they came out with a worn program So I put him for war and went war and then deployed the desert storm came back and then uh we started the That special program I was in that did that for about a year year and a half and they But nevelin so of work on me cited we didn't need that anymore so they took us all and put us into run the first SKT for group one instead of having at the teams and then we did that and then I went from that to uh start doing all our ease. It's awesome. I'll send you step two or you put when I was in my second Platoon All the guys that all of our new guys went through your uh your SKT yeah We've been going for like two hours right now just um I want to get one more question Some some people Listen to the podcast that want to go in the sealed teams and You know any sort of Thought on what they should be thinking about when they're trying to get in or trying to go fast me all the time You know I would say real simple stuff you know like hey do a bunch of pull ups push ups dips swim run and don't quit and And that's how you make it into the sealed teams then when you get into sealed teams you know Work your ass off. Well, you know you get all those kids up at the pre-tree and upper grade like you know physically fit perfect And it's the mental thing. It's uh you got to take each day at a time when you get there and if you finish that day Be real happy then get the next day and keep going on don't look ahead of what you got to do But it's like when I was a Second time as a bud structure as a master to arms you know not get all these guys in And I tell them if you want to do everything we want to do and Have the easy life go EOD If you think you're gonna be a diver and working diver I said go be a diver I told him if you want to be cold wet and miserable Then going the seals But I will say one thing even going through buds and you can probably attest to this That just skits you into the teams and then you deploy and that's where you pull from what you Experience and buds the whether where you have to push yourself to the Inth you know like They're again two and 69 we were doing this When I was with a kilo of a tune we were gonna set up the same boy shown this river We had to go through about a click and a half of Mangal shit and that's where it was all gray and shit from Agent Orange and shit I was up to my knees and mud up to my waist and water And when you're holding your weapon up high enough to keep it out of the water And you go for about a click and a half in that shit using just compass because There were we didn't have GPS is all that shit and you kept going to your red into the Stream or whatever you're gonna set it up on yeah to strain headaches so bad you're fucking ice across And you're breathing in mosquitoes in your mouth and spitting them out and shit like that that's uh That's That's the dad you send back and Three bears and pad poopers you know you're good to go or you're in Korean In pole hang and you got to hit this target that you got to go over about three mountain ridges because you can't run the ridges and create You got to go up and down them and Come out of a submarine and land on the beach and it's cold and you're you're kind of covering Why one guy's trying to take off his wet suit and he's falling down till he gets it off then then you do it and you get about half way up the first Mountain ridges before you start getting warm That's when you find out if you if you got or not the bottom line is we complete the mission, you know Yeah, that's what we do no matter what but like I say buds hell week all that shit Just get you your mind in the right place to know that well god damn I went through hell week I can do this you know what I mean yeah another thing's like to five miles away and we know that stuff and that's all It's just it's more you I've seen when I was an instructor great big guys ever football players fall out and quit And I've seen little skinny guys that you laugh at and thinking this guy's gonna be a seal and he makes it through It's all because of appearance mind, you know Do you agree I mean that's yeah and and I've always you know The buds is screening process and you don't actually learn Much in buds it just gets rid of the people that don't want to be there and the real test comes when you You know when you get in combat because going into you know being called wet and miserable for two or three or four or five days And training and doing a bunch of pushups doesn't compare to what you were just talking about You yeah, I think of the sand and yeah, no, that shit that you went through that's yeah. I mean I I don't like the desert I don't like coding a mountain and give me the jungle anytime remember my happy camper Yeah, I don't like mosquitoes so I'll take the desert of the mountains but those are the things You know you know I always say that I always talk about seeing my guys lined up to go out and Remoddy and their their home visa lined up and like if I wasn't going on the hop There's just like platoon is going out and I'd stand there Just I salute them like as they were leaving you know I just stay out there and salute them as they were rolling out And What it takes to be the lead turret gunner in the first home v Is more than what it takes to get through buds like that guy who knows that there's been you know an ID on the road He's about to drive by there's been seven to ten ID's a day on that road and he's the lead turret gunner And he's gonna roll out again and he did it the night before and he did it the week before and he did it the night before that That's what the test is and you're blessed I remind me of it when I was on that Boston way or two Where is he he's up at the top right? What can people see him? Yeah, you know and he rockets or anything like that You know where it's gonna go. Yeah Yeah, I want to stop that from shooting you know me but just just an example I mean like when I was in a subeek would be We'd take the in subeek is pretty neat because the Topography there was you go from triple canopy jungle down to Mangro to where the lower mow was which was there There are a few place and stuff. Why take my guys up to the About four or five of them up to the hospital which is up top we'd go down through the triple canopy jungle Worker way all the way through spend the night and come in and hit the lower mow so they had triple canopy Regular jungle in Mangro of swamp chapa stuff and they were going to just kind of let him know you know Yeah, this is what it was like boys. Yeah, that's all that's that's what it's like yeah It's like that's why we train hard and to be prepared for that stuff so Yeah awesome awesome advice echo speaking of advice Sure, do you have any advice on how anyone if they want to maybe support the podcast or support themselves? How they could do that sure quickly quick question Quick question you mentioned the booby traps like what kind of booby trap? What is it like trip wires? Oh God you we were before when we deployed and I don't know if I'll say I think it was 71 we stopped in Hawaii and went to the EOD booby trap course That they had that they'd picked up over the years and Vietnam and set it all up and after we went through that thing You didn't you want to go over just about because it was unbelievable but they would do stuff like They'd like to use the you guys would call my E.Ds, but they'd be like mortar's up and trees and stuff And they'd use different methods like a guinea They got he got here with a command detonated It might have been a mortar and you're hitting pretty bad, but I bet sometimes they would take filament down and put Fisher's on it so that you would grab it you wouldn't feel it on the bottom you know and it repuls it off whatever they had set up If you use a saw filament line that was just Kind of sagging everything you'd go ahead and cut that if it was tight you didn't fuck with it like you see the smart thing to do is the backway And come in another direction and the way the arpoint scouts did it. They were really good. They would take a thin branch or stick you know real thin like just like when you're fishing you can feel a bite on the line They would take that and they would hold it kind of in the center and as we're moving slow They'd move at any time that thing Dept they had reached out and feel it like a lot of other times if you're going down a trail Which isn't a really good idea anyway, but you step over a log sometimes they'd put a pressure detonated stuff over that log if you're stepped on it So you'd always want to go to the side just a myriad of things there was a who A lot of the stuff was command detonated like we were on those river boats There was this place called Snoopy's nose, you know and we'd have the boats going like this and one of them They would turn one group of boats another group of boats would be here And then they would open up on this group of boats so they would shoot across but it wasn't that far To the were the other boats where they'd start getting hit and thinking God damn we're being shot at and Go back and forth or they would Put a B40 rocket then they'd be down here in a spider hole, but they'd have Like singing a post little and sticking up and as soon as the boat got right there They would hit the command thing rocker would go off and hit the boat everybody It opened up here and these guys would be giggling taken off you know what I mean? Just you know the the EOD guys that we had nowadays in the sealed teams the guys that come in They they go through work up with a very awesome You can't you couldn't if someone normal person was watching they wouldn't be able to tell who's the OD and who's not in at least when you're in a Remoddy and that's what most of you guys are like but my EOD guys talking about not wanting to go over there My EOD guys they would they would put together briefs of like the latest The latest ID's that's been out there. This is when we're in Remoddy and you know every couple every maybe like once once every two weeks They'd put together more of a detailed Brief of like hey, this is what it does. This is this thing and What we would do is when someone knew like let's say someone was in from out of town or we had like a visitor That was gonna go on and off with us You know, they'd give that extended brief to teach the guys Well, what it actually did was he would just horrify Yeah, that was the they had there that became like the joke like you know I looked at EOD like I'd see their slide come up and I the initial slide in the brief was I could tell it was the big brief And I look over at the person that was going like our guest You know, maybe it was like a senior officer someone was gonna come or some intel person that was gonna go out and Hop with us and I'd look at the beginning of the EOD brief and you know, they just have a normal look on their face The by the end of 22 slides later. They look like they didn't want to go anymore. No, I'd like to see what take these Stone things you have water in and stuff right and if you're going through a village We didn't do we didn't usually sweep through villages and shit that felt about half it up with gasoline And if they knew the Americans had come in and they'd take a grenade wrap up say rigorous tape or something that would This is great. That's what drop it in there then as the guys are going through checking out the hooches and everything That would go off. I mean like if we were gonna go into a hooch or something We would tie a string to the door and then pull the door open everybody would be down or if we saw something And then where the steps were going into it sometimes if we weren't hidden it quick You know you'd check to see what was under the You know me see if there's anything but it's just they were in genius man. They were really evil They beat the French and shit. They guys have been fighting for a couple years Anyway, go ahead. I'm sorry. Yeah, no, that was it. It's crazy how they get smarter and then you guys get smarter We're trying to figure it out and they're like okay, they're trying to figure out this so they get smart game And it becomes yeah, that's the game in the game does all start the game. No Speaking of being in the game. Okay, like that. I'll do that one to you. You talk to the alphabet today apparently Offer brain alpha brain from on it I don't think there is any other kind of alpha brain, but nonetheless I did take some and We're gonna talk about it not for too long. So anyway Supplements supplementation So thinking about this. I was taking krill oil actually is when I was thinking about this Where would you be if you didn't take any krill oil or any strong bone? Where would you be we don't know behind we're not gonna be behind exactly right So so it kind of makes me think like okay, you know anyone who's thinking about okay Jocco act with they talk about taking krill oil all the time how much it it helps and they didn't start taking it You're behind so my recommendation is take the krill oil not to mention the alpha brain not to mention any other supplements that will help you get to where you want to be You talk about procrastination sometimes Everyone's in a while and that's the biggest thing by definition. It's gonna keep you from doing it You know I get on the supplements. That's the point there and if you want to 10% off The supplements that we all know are the best supplements go to on it dot com slash jocco boom. There it is Support yourself Then you can support others and it's worth a podcast boom. There it is also another way to support podcast is Amazon click through which means before you do your Amazon shopping Click through the website jocco podcast dot com little banner there A good and natural way to do it is you know when you shop for the books like the books at you Cover We have a whole page of all the books all of them Click through their boom middle take you right to the books you purchase. That's a good way to support There it is support your brain as well with books and educating yourself Also subscribe to the podcast on iTunes stitch or Google play all these other podcasting providing platforms If you haven't already that's a good way to do it leave review if you didn't in the mood if you're not in the mood then don't do it Or you can still do it if you're not in the mood whatever you want also YouTube subscribe to that one People have been subscribing. That's good It's good because it helps spread the word seems obvious but when you really think about it's not as obvious as you might think Because when you get that alert it's not just the whole podcast as we always kind of know it's like little excerpts you know a lot of times or a little bit more artistic excerpts You'll be more compelled to share those and We talk about shareability right when you get when someone shares it with you. That's one thing You're like okay, I'll listen to this. It's only two three minutes long, but on the reverse side when you when you're about to share it You'll be thinking kind of in the other person's mind They're more into listening to it because it's shorter It's subtle, but there's a difference Plenty way if you subscribe boom that'll you'll have it'll have that effect on you as well And I'll see you smagic, but it's it's very Explanable anyway point there is subscribe to YouTube as a good one We'll put more videos on there as well also Jocco has a store. It's called Jocco store Jocco store.com new rash guard is out straight up We did it on the Facebook live. I put it live on there. You were there. I was there. I think it was your Facebook live I don't think I've ever done a Facebook live by the way Anyway back to the store there's women stuff on there. This t-shirts on there You have a t-shirt. Do we we gave you t-shirt right last time? Give you another one this stuff too. They're pretty dope There's layers More to the shirts than then meets the eye where your kid shirt is out Where your kid shirts shirts adults and children. Yeah Yeah, also jocco uniform. That's what I'm calling it the jocco uniform. Oh this shirt victory MMA and fitness shirt You know the actual original shirt 100% cotton Very soft Like how jocco likes it. Anyway from I here. All right. That's what I heard anyway A lot of cool stuff on there if you want to support Get something there's some patches on there too Velcro patches regulation size For the hats actually we got hats coming up too by the way. Oh A lot of people they ask you now. They're not out. They're not out. I'm saying why are you even telling them I'm saying because when people make these suggestions and a lot of people start making okay You know the more people that make them the more we we are likely to begin to think about Executing how you make it sound like such a process long process. It's a process because you can't just have like two guys saying hey We should get, um, you know, I don't know something earrings or something in another guy's Yeah, that's no one other story don't ask oh, so you made my point for me So paths were one of those ones where there was a lot of people saying we need a or we should have hats That would be cool and people were like yeah, I think that too. So anyway hats are on the way I Some of these out there I already mentioned the rash guard. I think I think we have a lot of good stuff on there, but Only way if you're gonna find out is to go to jockelstore.com and find out for yourself if you're in the mood get something like that Or get something that's on there and it will support the podcast also Good way to support yourself in your journey journey Are we doing journey or you've been doing it to see you know, I know, but I just I have mixed still my own thought It was still not comfortable. Yeah, I like when other people say it not myself anyway In your getting after a journey waking up early sticking to the workout sticking to the diet I think that's the that's the main one You know same maybe but don't say maybe you're at my house the other day and you were part of what were you eating Chunking wings no, it was it was all there's that apple pie Wait wait wasn't I hope I know There was something nonetheless this far as diets go I went I went not on the chicken wings Technically the way those were made that wasn't much of a deviation from the diet Anyway point there being diet is a hard thing Yeah, exactly right and that's the point really even jockel gets not sometimes it was Saturday So that could have been his cheat day who knows, but I'm just saying you can be on the program and the diet thing that'll sneak up on you That'll sneak up on you when you're not ready like if you're if you have okay I got to wake up at 430 you know when the insurgent is gonna come it's gonna come at 430 You got to work out at 830 or 5 or whatever time you know when the weakness might come so you can be ready for it That diet thing you just don't know this is what I'm saying so nonetheless any moment of weakness this is what you do you? Good eye toons or Amazon music and get an album With tracks Called psychological warfare all it is is a bunch of tracks Jockel telling you why you should not skip workout you should not hit the snooze you should not Eat the donuts no don't that practical logical Advice from jockel you know I could a lot of people they look for inspirational Nice this is practical flimsy right inspirational This very flimsy because it relies on you feeling like it this has not been with feeling this has to do by definition with You not feeling like it So let jockel talk you into Making the right decision boom that's all it is 100% effective I dare you to skip the workout after Work out and get off whatever the track is called the bunch of a month because you know Again psychological warfare iTunes still number one by the way. That's a check holding holding strong holding strong for good reason by the way Yeah, also when you're on Amazon you can get jockel white tea which I'm drinking right now And the reason I'm drinking it is because it's delicious by the way. Well, it tastes like you victory. Wait the warrior kid Book came out feedbacks been unbelievable getting photos of kids doing pull-ups studying Doing juts who basically getting after it in all realms of getting after it which is which has been awesome And if you want your kid to get after it yeah, or other kids around your kid to get after it And become stronger smarter and better than get them way the warrior kid and I just got an email yesterday from a friend of the family 69 years old Is that considered a kid? a little bit older than the kid. It's a little bit kid but guess what he said he learned a lot from Uncle Jake. I did I just finished it Oh, you finished it a few days ago. I read one or two chapters just every night routine boom with my four year old Just finished understanding she understands a percentage of it She's for good things. She understands the impact. Yeah, so this is the plan So she's gonna understand these really really basic things and Maybe you know, I'm gonna just read it over and over and over so it comes to ethos kind of thing and then After she gets older she's gonna start understanding the details You know and then the more the older she gets more shenestead She's gonna be her base way of thought or book the All right the ethos boom This guy friend of the family 69 years old Learn from it and then he went went bar copy for all of his grandchildren each of them individually So that's good. This one equals freedom field manual fought in actions. That's coming out It's available you can get it for preorder right now extreme ownership of course You can get combat leadership applied to business and to life So you can get that book Also if you want to get in the game You can contact echelon front leadership and management consulting company that we have That contact is info at echelon front dot com also the master Is around the corner the Austin Texas mustard 13 and 14 of July at the Omni Barton Creek Resort Pragmatic Leadership strategies and tactics that you can utilize day one no no reason to wait around You'll learn them and you'll be sending emails in a break to your team Getting things fixers only 300 seats for this Because we wanted a smaller venue and this was the better venue It's gonna sell out so if you want to come get your tickets now until the master if you have any feedback or questions for us You can find us actually on the interwebs Twitter Instagram and on the Facebook Echo is at echo Charles and I am at jacquilink Roger of course has no social media Doesn't care Echo you got anything else I think Roger heading again for coming by Thank you so much. Yeah, I just want to say the jacquil might send us been going to She just so your studio for about six months now and tell you he loves it. Yeah, and he was Went about two and a half years of this Fighting boxing Guy that was really good and but he says that you just so was plus the instructors you got our top shell Yeah, you Really like so he told me to tell you may really enjoy it and thank you. Yeah, of course It's it's great to have our gym victory in my man. It's great to have it and to have it It's just accessible to people. There's no walls around it. It's an open door It costs money of course because you got to pay rent and all that stuff, but Not that much not crazy 100 bucks a month you train anytime you want any time any time you want well not 24 hours a day But six in the morning until 10 o'clock at night Yeah, compared to other places. Oh, yeah, it's like three times as much training It's not just you jits. So if you got everything there and he says that's what he likes about it Why don't open and you know he likes it. Yeah, it's got your jits who boxing mojtai wrestling MMA Crossfit it's got everything in there and that's why we built it Roger you got anything else? No, I'm I'm good. I'm about burnout now Well, amen once again. Thanks for coming on. It's my pleasure just awesome to have you on here And the first time that you were on I got a million. I know you don't do social media But I got a million people saying please bring Roger back on please bring Roger back on and now that you were on today And you once again you have a good way of telling little bits of stories that are awesome And I want to hear like a one hour story about sea wolves coming in and dropping bombs and Spraying stuff down and I'm like how does that what's got I want to learn to attack this what was going on? So you're probably gonna have to you need your burned out for the day, but you probably have to get on one one more time at least and But thanks for coming on again sharing Your story your experience your wisdom with us and more important of course Thanks for what you did for our country for the Navy and of course for the teams You're absolutely one of the guys that made the teams what the teams are So thank you for that Roger honored to have you on here and for the rest of the Vietnam veterans and I hear a lot from Vietnam veterans Thanks all of you for holding the line and thank you for every deployment for every operation every mission Every day spend out on patrol every night spend out in the bush Every helicopter assault every river operation every combat sortie Every every case of jungle rot and malaria and every wound received and every brother lost Thanks to you all for what you did for us We will never forget So until next time This is echo and jacco and Warren officer seal Roger Hade Out