 This is Jockel podcast number 237 with echo Charles and me, Jockel William. Good evening, echo. Good evening. So lots of dynamic things happening in the world right now and when there are lots of dynamic things happening, leaders have to make things happen. Leaders have to assess, have to decide, have to plan. And since all of us are going through these dynamics and areas, I wanted to touch on something today. It's called True Bleeding Procedures. And the version that I'm going to cover is from an army techniques publication or field manual, 3-TAC-21.1, which is the name of that is infantry rifle company. And it's a giant manual, 500 or something pages, which we're not going to go through all that. Because there's an appendix in it and appendix B is planning and preparing. And it's look, it's interesting. I've planned a lot of things in my life. And I've been in charge of a lot of planning in my life. I've been very lucky from that perspective. And I was planning things before I knew any of this stuff and I learned a lot of lessons along the way from from that. And then as I started to reflect back and once I started kind of officially learning about how to plan, I would look back and see how things made sense and see some things that I would overlook, some things that I didn't overlook, some things that the documents overlook. So thinking about this and this is actually based on this massive process in the army, or in the military, called the military decision making process, which is this absolutely granular way to go through every possible element of a decision of a big decision of how you're going to plan something. And that is meant for higher elements above the company, right? So that's meant for battalion brigade division. You know, when you have a whole staff of people that their job is to do these type of long decision making processes. So this right here is meant at the company level, you know, 100 guys, 150 guys, three platoons worth of guys. That's what this is aimed at. And there's definitely some things in here to pay attention to. And that, you know, we can we can see if we're missing things, see if there's things we can add, see if some things we can we can take away from this that will help us lead and plan and make better decisions. And I'm not going to even go into massive depth, even this subsection, even this appendix has a lot of really granular information. And that's one thing, you know, the army does doctrine very well and they go, they get, they get into it and they will get granular, you will not miss anything. If you follow their doctrine. But a lot of it is very specific to the military, but it's even worth looking at it, you can get this on the interwebs just as a PDF or whatever this whole document, you can check this out and it'll give you some indication of the level of granularity that they're planning to. But we're not going to dive into all that. I'm going to try and keep it to the elements in here that are for the most part universally applicable in anyone that's planning. So here we go planning and pop preparation appendix d from fm3.21. Planning is a process by which the company commander translates visualization into a specific course of action for preparation and execution focusing on expected results. It's interesting to even think of the fact that what you're doing as a leader is you're taking this vision and you're turning it into an executable plan. So just that right there can help people and I'll tell you how if you don't have a vision you're not going to come up with a plan. So the whole process is taking your visualization, your vision and turning it into an actionable course of action things that you can actually do. Just think about that from your daily life perspective, right? If you don't have a vision of what your day is going to be like, that day is not going to have a plan behind it. You're not going to have a course of action for that day. So out of the gate, we're already learning sentence one. We're in the game. Planning helps create helps the commander create and communicate a common vision and a shared understanding between subordinate leaders and unified action partners. Boy, that's a weird way of saying team right unified action partners actually I was going to I was saying that in kind of an insulting way, but then I kind of got into it right. I kind of transitioned there in the process of saying it this guy is not my teammate he's my unified action partner. See where we're coming from. That's, you know, the army will add some. They'll make up some some things like that. Team isn't good enough. We're going unified. Yeah, it's cliche. We're not talking about the team is just you know, you're playing games. You're going to find action partners planning results in an order that synchronizes the action of forces in time space and purpose to achieve objectives and accomplish the missions. That's a very verbose way of making that statement right. We know what planning does. I'm not even going to read that sentence again. There's a bit much. The commander relies on intuitive decision making and direct contact with subordinate leaders to integrate activities when circumstances are not suited for true pleading procedures. So what does that mean? At a certain point, you're not doing all this detail planning. You're relying on your relationship, your intuitiveness and understanding and communicating with the subordinate leaders. So you don't get to do this all the time. That's understood. I'm going to talk about three different types of planning, parallel planning, collaborative planning and distributed planning. Parallel planning allows each echelon to make maximum use of the time available. And the way it does that is that let's say I was the boss and you were the subordinate. And I said, hey, I go we're going to go film something in Texas. That's all you need to know and you're going to start coming up with a plan. You don't just wait for me to say, hey, we're going to Dallas. We're going to film this. We're going to be there for this many days. You go, okay, we're going to Texas. I know that start coming up with a plan. I'm going to need batteries. I'm going to need SD cards. See, I've got to do it in your job for you over there. So parallel planning, you want to tell people what's happening so they can start to plan collaborative planning is commanders, subordinate commanders staff and other partners sharing information knowledge perceptions ideas concepts regardless of physical location throughout the planning process. Obviously, right, we are going to work together to come up with a plan up and up and down the chain of command we're working. And then distributed planning allows the commander and staff members to execute planning from different locations. Okay, no factor. Goes into some detail about about parallel planning here. Two or more echelons planning for the same operation sharing information sequentially through warning orders and higher headquarters prior to higher headquarters publishing their operation plan or their proper order. That's what I just said. You're not waiting until I give you the full detailed timeline of what we're doing in Texas to go film this video. I'm just telling you we're going to Texas and you're kind of going to start thinking of how you're going to get it done. You don't need to know much more than that. Parallel planning hinges on a shared understanding of the situation pause for a moment. That is important because if we don't have a shared understanding of the situation, we could come up with totally different parallel plans. If you think we're going to Texas to film, you know, a podcast. But I know that we're going to film an action sequence. Right, you're bringing different equipment. So I need to give you a shared understanding of the situation. The company commander cannot finalize the company order until the battalion completes their order. So at some point you have to know everything that I know at some point you have to know exactly what it is we're trying to make happen. So that makes sense. Okay, and so looking. I'm skipping through a bunch of stuff here, but I want to jump into the actual troop leading procedures, which it says are a dynamic process used by small unit leaders to unnot analyze a mission develop a plan prepare for an operation. troop leading procedures extend the MDMP conducted at battalion level with its coordinating staff to company level. So the MDMP is the thing I talked about military decision making process. These procedures enable company level leaders to maximize available planning time while developing effective plans and preparing the company for a mission. troop leading procedures consist of eight steps. The troop leading procedure step sequence is not rigid. So you're going to get a sequence of how you're going to plan, but it's not it doesn't stay that way all the time. The commander modifies the sequence to meet mission situation and time available. The steps are done concurrently while others make one continuously throughout the mission. The troop leading procedure steps are as follows. Step one receive the mission. And I'll go ahead and just pause right there. That's something that. You know when people think of when when let's say someone like yourself echo Charles when you hear that I know what you're thinking you're thinking of 98% of the movies that you've seen about the military, which is. You know the troops are sitting around the board and in comes the commander and the commander says okay, Jens, here's the next mission, right? That's like the common thing. Am I wrong? You're not wrong. And that does happen, but it's not well in the seal teams. It's not normal. It's not the norm. The norm is the team itself, the platoon, the task unit, the troop is developing the information they're finding out. So they're kind of making the mission. Producing the mission gathering the entire those things are happening, but it does happen sometimes where you literally receive the mission. Hey, here is what you need to go do. So that's step number one. Receive the mission or I guess we would say either receive the mission or confirm the mission or select the mission because you'll have multiple missions that you're trying to bring to fruition. So when you finally decide on a mission or you receive a mission, that's to be the two things I would say. That's number one. Number two issue a warning order, which we'll get into. Number three, make a tentative plan. Number four, initiate movement. Number five, conduct reconnaissance. Number six, complete the plan. Number seven, issue the order. Number eight, supervise and refine. The troop leading procedures begin with the company commander, begin when the company commander receives the first indication of an upcoming mission and continues throughout the operational process. So this whole time you're sort of supposed to be and the one of the key words here that they use is refining your supposed to be refining this plan all the time. That never stops. troop leading procedures comprise a sequence of actions to help the commander use available time effectively and efficiently to issue orders and execute operations. Normally the first three steps, which is received the mission, give you a warning order and make a tentative plan of troop leading procedures occur in order. The task involved in some actions such as initiate movement, issue the warning order and conduct reconnaissance may recur several times during the process. The last step supervised refined occurs throughout. So there you go. A couple other things to highlight from this section. Attention exists between executing current missions and planning for future missions. The company commander must balance both that happens all time in business happens all the time in any environment right you've got what we're doing right now and you need to pay attention to what we're doing right now. And you also need to think about what we're going to be doing. I hate to say this, but often times it is necessary to bifurcate between who's planning what's happening right now and who's planning what's happening in the future. So for instance, in the seal teams, you'll end up with someone who is the operations officer who's kind of handling what we're doing right now and you have future operations officer who's handling what is coming down the pipe. So that is something to think about. If you don't have the man power to do that, a good thing to do is to a lot a certain amount of time every day to say, okay, look, we're in the firefight today. We've got stuff going on. We know we need to get that handled, but I'm going to take an hour after lunch before lunch. I'm going to sit down for two hours during lunch with my team. We're going to talk about what's going on in the future because it can be very hard to get that stuff done. It's well, I shouldn't say that it can be very hard to actually pay attention to what's going on in the future when you have a lot of activity happening right now in front of our face. So you need to think through that and you need to pay attention to it. The commander and subordinate leaders begin troop leading procedures when they receive an initial warning order or receive a new mission. As each subsequent order arrives, the commander modifies assessments updates tentative plans and continues to supervise and assess preparations. The big difference there. They're talking about, you know, your boss keeps giving you additional information for us. We would be waiting. The thing that would be driving us to make adjustments is intelligence that would be coming in. Oh, we're getting this information. Oh, we're getting some other information. So that's what's making us adjust and adapt our plan as we work. The commander uses troop leading procedures when working alone or with a small group to solve total problems obviously risk management occurs continuously throughout troop leading procedures with varying emphasis on different steps at different times. So you've always got to be assessing risk. You're always going to be assessing risk. In fact, I was talking to a client the other day and we were talking about risk assessment. And I made some statement or whatever. We were going through some problem and I was talking about the risk involved and they said something along the lines and be like, like, the team's like, you're very schooled and you know risk evaluation or whatever some statement like that. Yes, well, you know, my entire job before was doing risk evaluation and risk assessment and mitigating risk. That's what you're doing. That's what that's what the planning of a mission is. If we insert this way, what is our risk, what's the benefit. If we insert the other way, what's the risk, how do we mitigate it, you know, that's what you're doing for every phase of an operation. So, and that is what you should be doing. Every move that you make has some level of risk and then they go through the risk management steps. Step one, identify the hazard, step two, assess the hazards. Step three, develop controls and make risk decisions. Step four, implement controls and then supervise and evaluate. That's there's there's other stuff in here on risk assessment, but that's the fundamentals of what they're telling you to do. And then it says this true pleading procedures are not a hard and fast set of rules. Some actions may be performed simultaneously or in order different than shown and they have a big chart. They've got an ins actually a big chart with all kinds of little arrows and boxes and shown you which have flow chart of how you're making decisions. Cool to look at interesting interesting to look at. And it's a good thing to look at and sort of maybe overlay the types of decisions that you have to make. And one thing that I'll say that is something to pay attention to is time. Time is the hardest. You know, I was talking the other day on EF online and I was explaining to people that. Very seldom. Do you make a final decision? Right. So I'm talking like this is legit in life. It's very seldom that you have to make a final decision. This is it when you make this decision. That's it. You don't get another chance. So for instance, you know, a no a most decisions that you make. You have some kind of opportunity to go back and undo it. And even something as extreme as if you have to fire somebody. Yeah, like let's say you got to say, you know, you work for me and I decide you know, you're not doing a good job and I fire you even that. If I could look back in two weeks and contact you and say, listen, I think I made a bad call like there's a there's a way out of it, right. It's and so many decisions are like that even a decision as massive as on a personal level. Oh, we're going to buy a house seems like this final decision. Actually, you can sell that house. You know, you can get back out of that. So there's a lot of decisions that we make that seem like their final decisions, but they're actually not. And the reason that I was talking about this is because if you and I are discussing something. If you and I are negotiating something. Chances are it's not the last negotiation we're going to have if you if you want if you're pitching me your plan on how to do something and I'm fighting back with my plan chances are. We're going to we're going to have another opportunity to go through what plan and how the plan is executed. So for me to think if I agree to your plan and now I'm like, well, okay, I'm agreeing with that close plan now my opportunity to influence is totally gone. Actually, you know, if I agree to your you know an echo your plan seemed pretty good. Let's go with it. Well, we're going to it's not just we're going to take your plan at that moment and execute it right. We're going to okay. Let's go through the planning process. We're going to look at how we're actually going to do it and we can make little adjustments. So very often our negotiations are not final and our decisions are not final. I don't know. You know what what's a final decision that you have to make in life right there's getting a tattoo even that's not finally you can get that thing removed. I think it hurts a lot. It's a little bit more than the actual tattoo. Yeah, somewhat I hear. So and I think it leaves a scar right. Yeah, a little bit. Okay, so that's a that's closer to a permanent decision. Yeah, but generally we're making decisions that are that that have and this is actually what I said I said when you can you actually want to make decisions that are open loop. Yeah, meaning we're not going to make the closed decision if I can avoid it. If I have to make it, I make it, but if I can leave an opening on the decision, then I will because that gives me some room to maneuver and back pedal and maybe it was the wrong choice and I made it. Yeah, do you be hard pressed really down there you can kind of think about it to find a decision. I mean, of course the obvious ones if you're going to kill somebody or something like that or do something like illegal where it's going to be like, right, you're going to go to jail for that or something else that kind of stuff, but yeah, it's like there's always a sort of like you can maneuver your way back into the, you know, a different decision. What about this is if you go into something thinking that you want to maintain the ability to maneuver, then that is a good attitude to have. So I always try and make small decisions, yes, and also trying to make the least amount of final decisions that I can now look, do you do you get to points in some situations where you do yes you do and when you do you assess it and then you make your final decision you move forward. The reason that I'm saying all this is there is something that is non-negotiable that has no mercy and you can never go back on. Time, time, and the way we treat time sometimes oddly enough it's the thing that we act as if it's the good, you know, as if we're going to have more time or we can get that time back. We know go, we think it's it's a negotiable thing and the bottom line is it's not and so the reason I bring this up is because they they talk about it. And it's one of the key points of assessing planning is assessing the time that you have available. And so often I see companies I see people in business I see planning in the SEAL teams people used to make this mistake and you see people make this mistake with their life, which is time is the one thing that there's no negotiation on. And once you let it go there's literally no possible way to get it back it's gone. It's gone you can try and recover some of it by picking up the pace here cutting the corner there you can try and recover some of that time. But let's face it it's gone if you sleep in and you wake up late you can still get a workout and you compress it a little bit but you didn't get the form right you didn't get that full workout. So you have this is if there's anything to take away from this if there's one thing that you need to kind of pay attention to above all it's how you utilize your time. Because it's quick. All right. Step one now we're getting to step one which is receive the mission. Step one in troop leading procedures the commander determines the company's mission and assesses the time available to accomplish the mission there you go that's the first thing you've got to do. And this is what's cool they go into this little section here. Well they talk a little bit about how you receive the mission but then they say. Here's some things that you can do in this first step conduct of confirmation brief to the battalion commander to verify and understanding of the battalion commanders intent. Good you you got something to do let's confirm with the upper echelon to make sure we understand what they want. Initial assessment you knocked that out and then it goes goes into these last three bullet points which all have to do with what I just talked about. Which I put a star next to each one of these because I always thinking about this conducts an initial planning time analysis to identify critical times in the timeline. Two analyzes the time the company commander has the company has available and three prepares an initial timeline. This is so important. I'm going to tell you one of the well I mean I do this a lot but one time this that this is very. Obviously I did this didn't really think about it but we were at one of the musters and there's a lot of stuff going as like one of the early musters there's a lot of chaos going on and actually this was this wasn't probably this may be like mustard like. This may be like muster like four or five so this thing's happening but we're starting to understand a little bit better and everyone's got you know we're meeting in the whole teams there and. And I can see I'm like wait a second I don't feel comfortable with where we are right now and then I said alright here's what's going on. We're going to meet at this time for this we're going to meet at this time for this everyone's got to have their brief downs by this and just put out a timeline and all of a sudden everyone's locked into position everyone knows what's happening we know how much time we have we get it. If you don't do that as a leader. That time disappears it disappears and you cannot get it back. It is impossible to get back so when you get a tasking of some kind the very first thing you should do is just do a good analysis of the amount of time and you know what you might want to start looking at your days and your weeks like that too. Yeah because it's slipping. This then it says the most important element of a company's at warning order is the initial timeline for planning. They're just beating this down that warning order this is a cool thing to know a warning order is a preliminary notice of an order of action to follow so this is what it's basically a heads up. It's a heads up hey this is what's going on this is what we got going on this is what we expect to have happening it's kind of like me saying you hey echo we just got a call we're going to Texas we got to do a filming. That's a warning order. The echo we're going to Texas probably in two weeks we're going to record a podcast there with a guest and you're like okay cool you don't need to know anything I mean you you can start a lot of initial planning that's what a warning order is. It's important to put that together because it gives people heads up here's some of the things inside of a warning order mission or nature of the operation. Time in place for issuing the operation order so I'm going to give you the final order at this time. Task organized the units or elements participating in the operations as if I was like hey echo we're going to go down there but also good deal day is coming with us okay cool so now you know you got camera you right so you already know who else is involved in this situation. Oh and JP's meetness there late you know what I'm saying we're going to add we you're going to know everyone you're doing. Reconnaissance and surveillance to initiate hey we're going to be in the Austin area. Can you see what some possibilities are for us to record it you see what I'm going with us. Occasion see locations you're doing a little recon you're going to get on Google maps. You're going to look for various hotels you kind of conference rooms app. Security missions to initiate. That's very militaristic thinking of if we're going to be doing operation sometimes we got a shutdown outside communication we got to we got to start doing our weapons testing everyday so if we do it the day before people and also we're going to do some security precautions movement to initiate if you had to fly in someone. You you start that movement information requirements what do you need to know. Essential a commander's critical information requirement. Which I've been taught I've actually been talking about about that when I decent amount. I've been talking about that when decent amount because as we went into COVID-19. This lockdown that the world has been in a lot of companies and businesses that we work with all of a sudden we're not coming into work there we're not collocated. Everyone's working from home they're working on computers and sometimes they would feel like I would have leaders asking me well you know I don't. I don't know what my team is doing and I don't know if they're doing the right things and so I talked about some methods to make sure that they are doing the right things without micromanaging two things one of them is an execution checklist. Meaning okay I'll be at this location this time working on this by this time I'll be working on this next thing by I'll be at this other job site by this time I'll be this done with as much of the project by this time so you know where they're at. The other thing is this commander's critical information requirements which means if something happens inside these required elements you tell me about it. So for instance in Ramadi you know if we had troops in contact my tax cooperation center knew to come and tell me we had troops in contact. If we obviously we had a guy wounded if we had civilian casualties there were things that guys knew come and tell me immediately. And to be honest with you as time went on we modified those because eventually was like hey. Next one is essential element of friendly information this is knowing where your friendly forces are planning and preparation instruction specific tasks not addressed by unit standard operating procedures. That's an important one so if I tell you hey echo we're going to go film a podcast and by the way it's going to be underwater. Yeah you go okay that's not normal right this outside the norm you got to get a case housing housing. Yeah you got to get out water proof housing. And last thing most important timeline for the operation so there's some things that you put in the warning order next thing is make a tentative plan. In a time constraint environment commander typically develops only one course of action. I don't even know if it's they say that I don't even know if it's possible to only develop one course of action because when you look at a problem. You automatically come up with multiple ways to solve it so you automatically come up with multiple courses of action. I guess maybe they say develop maybe that's a keyword that I that I'm not focused on because you can come up with. Three courses of action but only actually develop one meaning going to it a little bit more so I guess that does make sense. The the commander does not wait for a complete operant before starting to develop a tentative plan. This is important and there's two parts of this that make it important when you develop a tentative plan. First of all you don't want to wait too long to try and develop it in second of all you once you start to develop it you don't want to go all the way. Because you're going to waste time when you don't actually know so you might get told hey you're going to hit a target in this area. Well we think it's this building right so you start coming up with a plan tentative plan that you start going further and you haven't heard anything yet and you get all the way to where you're actually developed the perfect plan for this particular and then they go oh that's sorry wrong building actually wrong block actually. We're one pound over so you develop this whole plan wasted a bunch of times spawn everybody up when what you should have said is hey guys we're going to do a direct action mission. Get your gear ready get some sleep I'll let you know when it develops further. So now everyone gets their gear ready maybe they get a little sleep now we get more granular detailed information we can take that next step in planning. Moving to mission analysis the commander conducts mission analysis to develop situational understanding which is the product of applying analysis and judgment to relative information to determine the relationship. Among the operational and mission variables to facilitate decision making and to confirm what the company must do to accomplish the mission that's a big sentence. What does it mean? situation understand you want to know what's happening you want to know what's happening and figure out what it is you need to do to accomplish the mission. Oh we're going on the on a mission and there is a giant river that we're going to need to get across okay we will we know we're going to have to do a river crossing okay got it. Oh there's a cliff that we need to climb okay so now we got to come up with a way to climb a cliff so there's you're looking at this situation overall and figure out what it's going to take to get through that situation oh there's. You know a gate or a bit or a fence around we need to find a way to get over through under around the fence okay so you're figuring out what you're going to need to make this happen and accomplish the mission that's the mission analysis. Mission analysis answers four questions that become inputs to developing a course of action. These questions are what is the company's mission what is the current situation how does the company accomplish the mission and what are the risks. The question you're asking yourself the figure out a course of action. This is where it might seem like those are real obvious in fact only we phrase that those seem real obvious and yet. I will work with companies all the time and see them in the planning process for something and I'll say something like what what what what what what what what what what what what is it you're trying to actually. I will have lost their mission in the planning right they will have lost the mission in the planning and I forget where we're talking about this but it's the same thing of thinking that. The way we get to the target is the mission it's not no the way you get the target is not the mission. The way that you the way that you execute the mission is not the mission. There's a big difference and sometimes people get caught up in the way they're doing something not what they're actually supposed to be doing or even more important why they're doing it. Actually the whole thing kind of seems obvious. It seems totally a lot of this seems totally obvious and the reason that it's important to go through it is it doesn't seem obvious when you're in it. When you're in it you you miss things and you don't pay attention to things and that's what you have to be careful of and you have to be careful regardless of how experienced you are because when you're experienced you get experience in a certain. In a certain or a a call to run you know it's not necessarily bad but it's good word to use you know if you. If every you just you turn them at that you go in you got great take down you get the take down and you pass guard and that's how you win. That's great and you can get used to that and when you're preparing for a tournament you back up on the work my guard pass my work my take down. And we all know that there's going to be someone that's got better take down the new next thing you know you're on the bottom and you're not winning because you didn't prepare for that you didn't think about that. Yeah and a lot of it seems like almost like a reminder for organization so you know like some some people some of us. People will give us a suggestion to be more organized in one way or another. I've been aware of these things and I'm just as possible and to some people some of us it's like well you know like yeah you know but hey that's not my methodology you know like it's organized chaos kind of thing maybe that's more of an excuse in anything. And it always is but it could be it's like it's a reminder. A constant reminder to indicate the value of being organized and organized with everything I'm not just saying your your pens are over here you know in your papers it's not that. Specifically it's like the where the way you're thinking about this whole process from like where you are right now given where you want to be. Yes and let's face it when your world is disorganized your mind is disorganized and what it takes what something like this you're actually making an excellent point this type of. This type of document this type of process what it does is it forces you to organize your mind. Yeah that's what it's doing it's forcing you to just it's to organize your mind and even though your your mind may be. Relatively organized and even though your world may be relatively organized there are still things and that takes me back to like the rut idea. There's still things that when you approach them you've kind of forgot or you've you've done something a certain way which is within the confines of what we're talking about. Now you're doing something else that requires you to dig and step outside what you have been doing and if you don't have anything to refer to you're kind of going out in the wild. Yeah and you don't want to let your brain go out in the wild. Yeah and that's a lot of times we're doing distractions come in and like other short term things come in that you attend to essentially. Yeah and you know I'm going to. Okay so I just said you don't want to let your brain go out there in the wild and that's actually I don't actually want to say that. Because you do want you you do want to look at a problem and you want to analyze a problem with an open mind and maybe the answer is a wild. Yeah but we know that discipline goes freedom right so if you can't even put a structure around what the mission is and what the problem is and what the asset you if you can't put a structure around that. You might as well you all your quote wild ideas won't cover all the basis but if you put it get a firm grip on what you're actually dealing with. Well then you could have some wild ideas. Yeah and that and when you said don't let your brain go out in the wild it I didn't get the impression that you meant like stay so rigid to this style didn't feel like that. It meant have a plan man you know like even just I mean this is a common one where it's like yeah plan out your day or plan out your week or whatever or even like it kind of applies to everything really like anything that you want to do well it's like you're going to have some sort of a. Solid plan that you know varying levels of flexibility obviously depends on what it is but like even if you want to you want to lose weight or you want to. Getting you know you got a meal prep you got workout prep like you're going to know what you're going to do unless you're like one of these instinctive training guys which is like way down the line pretty much knowing can do it. But you know like when you go in the gym like you know I mean unless you don't know what you're doing at all so that's like another thing but again if you want to do something well successfully whatever you go in the gym you're going to have the workout yeah I got burpees I got pull ups I got you know like I typically know how many you know I even quite frankly we talk about this lot I even know how much rest I'm going to take him between you know so the better your plan done. So anyway it's like a um I if you have a plan yes but your brain going out in the wild that's basically you're saying don't not have a plan you're just out in the wild no plan you know you need some kind of a line to deviate from yeah that's exactly what I'm saying yeah full yeah it's exactly right so like you go to the gym right got your workout okay let's say today I got I got flat bench then I got pull ups and then I got um you know some curls obviously straight bar curls. Yeah in fact I'm gonna do that first so if I go in and I go to the street bar curl bar I do my curls then it's time to go flat bench barbell but it's like dang just like someone using that right what plan done the hand over no about you better go jump on the dumbbells you gotta do something yeah you gotta you gotta explore that wild you know those other options is flexible options so yeah I dig it but yeah when you mean like not having a plan that's that's the wild one exists there yeah the other thing is if I mean if you throw a dart with your eyes shut completely right that's you don't have a chance right but it's all because you've got open an eye and you go okay cool I kind of see where we're going here boom now you can make up now you can throw some out in the wild and maybe it hits you know check you get to this point here where it is identify tentative decision decisive point decisive points good words with the doctoral term decisive point is where you it's like a thing that happens a point that you reach where now you should win right now you have like a marked advantage over the enemy different for different situations you know when you've got you know when Dean Lister grabs a hold of your leg it's a decisive point right I'm not saying you're gonna lose but there's a strong probability well let me let me not just group everyone in this I'll say with me when Dean grabs my leg I know I'm in trouble I can get out but I know I'm in trouble I know I'm in half the scramble so those are that's what a decisive point is and this is a very interesting statement here identifying a tentative decisive point and verifying it during a course of action development is the most important aspect of the troop leading procedure the commander visualizes a valid decisive point to determine how to achieve success and accomplish the missions purpose the commander develops the entire course of action from the decisive point without determining a valid decisive point the commander cannot begin to develop an appropriate course of action so that is a bold statement so to be clear on the decisive point because these kind of both make sense where okay it's it's not necessarily okay this is a decisive point where we determine this mission as successful it's not that it's not achieving the mission you know it's a nation accomplishment okay it's we got we just got to a point where now we should win yeah like that we should accomplish you know if you look at a striker versus a grappler what's the decisive point in that match you and go to the ground yeah the decisive point for the grappler is when he gets the take down the decisive point for the striker is like round two and a half and he's stuffed four take downs and the fifth take down attempt to just get brushed off like it's nothing and all of a sudden and now you see that now you see the grappler breathing part yeah so now but now the strikers can start upping the strikes and start team off a bit and start throwing kicks so at that point and I've had those discussions with fighters before like okay like you're not throwing any kicks in the first round you're gonna you're not gonna put any real weight behind your punches in the first round second round I'll tell you you know when once you've sloughed off or stuffed three or four take downs in the first round two take down in the second round decisive point just got reached now you start throwing bombs same thing with a grappler so those are the decisive points in a fight you didn't necessarily win just because that happened but that's what you're setting up for so now when we go into the planning we think about that decisive point it's obvious okay we got the guy to ground now now we're good what we plan around how do we do that how do we make that happen different fighter you know maybe it's a fighter that doesn't do well against the cage so we're going to get him against the case that's not quite the decisive point but that's a strategy we're going to use we're going to get the other fighter against the cage then we're going to get under hooks and we're going to look to grind and that's where the take down comes once the take down comes and then we're going to decide to point yeah so that's what it means but it's very interesting that the planning that they're talking about is directed and related to that decisive point not even to this getting the mission to that decisive point hey once we get control of the you know the external parts of this building and we get it locked down we know what's going to happen it's play this game called Zanik on the original Nintendo Nintendo entertainment system probably familiar with any member that on the old school across you know it's not a deal anyway so it's like the original like non joystick because the thing that that I saw when I was a kid was the Atari did you have a Atari yeah that was a I didn't have one but I remember those joys that thing yeah battle tank or what was it called it was called combat but it's a battle tank on Atari shoot the guy it spins in there no this is Nintendo right tomorrow brothers Metro 8 you know gyro might remember these on duck hunt and then the red any of these games I didn't have a Nintendo sorry what year was Nintendo I think it was 82 okay we're eight I'm very much in the game I mean I should have had something but whatever I guess we didn't get it over the willing council anyway for for those of us with there's a game called Zanik and it's the typical you know like a space invaders game right you know how space invaders it's like just the spaceship on about so this one was way more dynamic you'd go forward and anyway but you could get all these weapons so each weapon has like a number so if you get a number one it's a certain weapon and if you get another one it's that same weapon but it's just stronger bigger whatever right now on like I think it was like level three or four there's this and the thing is the screen moves right so you don't you don't move forward the screen moves you just got to keep up with the screen you know it's kind of that one of those kinds of you can so there's this area in like level three where if you it's this little smiley face and you got to catch it you know because if it passes it's gone you know you got to catch it it's a little smiley face you got to shoot it and what that does is any weapon you have it gives it like the fullest power full spars so if you get a number seven right a number seven weapon which is like this kind of one thing anyway it doesn't matter but you get a number seven weapon and then you shoot that smiley face it gives you like the most powerful weapon in the whole game and you can just it's super easy to just defeat the whole game decisive point right there that smiley face is a decisive point just like how you're saying where it's like the plan when you play zanik isn't to beat the game it is overall yeah of course but the plan really is to get the seven and hit that smiley face that's it have you were thought about this worthless knowledge that you have about these games and how you could have spent your youth studying important philosophical things of nature well in a way I did obviously where you're talking about same thing zanik zanik yeah it wasn't like a super duper popular game but it was pretty solid you know it was good good music fine game hard okay so we're talking about that's the decisive point decisive point of that game where you should win good you still lose if you had seven level seven smiley face or whatever yeah yeah because it just makes it super super you get shot one time once you have that you lose that lose the whole weapon yeah exactly right it's devastating when you have that but here here's the thing like compared to not having it it's like night and dead you know you know there's a lot of games like that where you get this super this one weapon that's super rare but if you get it you know it's like it makes it super easy usually they don't last long like you know one of those guns that like you shoot at once and it kills everybody you know those but you don't get a bunch of them this one you get the seven it runs out but it takes a lot to run out you know powerful weapon very powerful decisive point hundred percent yeah that's literally the example of decisive point in zanik is there any other details you want to go with one super my brother this trick you can do all all show me keep bouncing on a minute gives you like infinite man or something like that not infinite but gives you like a hundred men that's a decisive point you're probably gonna win yeah because you can just die a bunch of times just keep going to you and can you sad though like they could have set these games up so that they were really teaching you something about something right think of like some knowledge some memorization you had to do to get this thing about some important facts or whatever some mental challenges that made you think and you had to know and you learned whatever some history or brother doesn't some fun at all no but you can't make it don't you think you could make it fun I'm sure yeah actually I think a lot of the games now are kind of like that I think I haven't played video games at a long time but you say I'm not talking about I mean I don't think there's any historical facts in grand theft on oh five all right let's move on bro seriously okay so next step once you've put your joystick away develop initial commanders intent the commanders intent is clear concise statement of what the force must do to succeed with respect to the enemy terrain and desired end state which is a set of required conditions that defines achievement of the commanders objectives you want to figure out what it is you want to get done that's the commander's intent the commanders intent does not include the method by which the force will get from its current state to the end state the method is the concept of operation and this is obviously really important what you want to let your troops do is come up with the plan tell them what it is you want to make happen and you let them come up with the plan echo we're going to protect this we're going to fill in the podcast it's going to be underwater we're going to need four cameras because we got four guests good that's it that's all I'm going to tell you now you're going to figure out what kind of housing and what kind of tripod and how you're going to do it and what you're going to run wires now we're going to talk when we're moving we're moving you're going to figure all that stuff out a mission and then analysis the mission a mission is task and purpose clearly indicating the action to be taken and the reason for the action best the mission task and purpose clearly indicating the action to be taken and the reason for the action the commander must understand the mission intent and concept of operation one and two levels higher this understanding makes it possible to exercise disciplined initiative and it's kind of implicit here that not only must you understand the the concept of operation and the intent and the mission one and two levels above you but man you got to make sure you understand the broad strategic mission as well everyone needs to understand these things and the classic example I'll use is when in in the battle for money to think everybody needs to know that what we're trying to do is provide security for the populace so everyone's got to have that in the back of their mind when you're going out and there's civilians and you know that what you need to do is protect them right you're making decisions based on that protecting the infrastructure like these are things that you need to understand even though that might not fall into your your commanders intent or his commanders intent or even his commanders intent overall you got to understand what the vision is what the strategic vision is of the the entire organization so if you've got a company the company is build the most critical thing of the company is to build its reputation with its clients okay guess what that means everybody should know regardless of whatever little mission we're working on the client is who we are there to support you know that's where you get to like the client is always right they come to you and they say we want this done again okay let's make it happen everyone can make decisions based on that so it's not just one or two mission one or two levels above you it's a lot more than that and then what happens in this book is they start to go into the analysis of the terrain and weather and this is where you just get into this absolute minutia the five military aspects of terrain obstacles they start you know listing obstacles there's there's a page of descriptions of existing obstacles manmade include town canals railroad emacments buildings power lines telephone lines reinforcing obstacles tactical reinforcements obstacles inhibit the ability of opposing force to move mass reinforce examples include mine fields conventional situational anti-tank ditches and obstacles and wire obstacles and they go through each particular thing that you might need to think about and I'll throw this in for Andy Stump how will the terrain affect the employment of mortars medium machine guns and javlin missiles it's my favorite um Andy Stump weapon javlin missiles it's like a man pack missile that you can use and it's usually used for like destroying big things but it can also be used in certain situations as an anti-personal weapon which Andy used it for so they go through pages and pages of all these things and then they start to talk about terrain and what's interesting is if you I'm not gonna read all this stuff but if you if you look at this it shows you the level of detail that they are asking people to think through this information you know just just page after page of terrain analysis you produce several specific conclusions listed below batten support by fire assault fire positions engagement areas and ambush sites immediate immediate objectives asset out locations such as enemy personnel is going on and on and on and then it goes in the five aspects of military weather visibility wins precipitation crowd cover temperature and humidity it just details each one of those and then it goes into analysis of the enemy jumping through a little section of this analyzing the enemy answers the question what is the enemy doing in a why the commander answers what is the composition and strength of the enemy force what are the capabilities of their weapons and other systems what is the location of current and probable enemy positions what is the enemy's most probable course of action are they going to defend reinforced attack withdrawal delay and then you start talking about assumptions about the enemy and then you start talking about the doctrinal analysis of the enemy which is what you try to figure out how the enemy is going to fight you then composition of the enemy then disposition of the enemy then the strength of the enemy then the capabilities of the enemy and then recent activities of the enemy you see where I'm going with this and you know what that all boils down to a little bit of sunsue my friend what knowing your enemy oh your enemy know you're going to be in what's the second part you just said knowing yourself though yourself so guess what the next section is analysis of troops and support available that's what you got then you're going to run through the same kind of information water the strengths and weaknesses of subordinate leaders hey I got you know three platoons six platoons what are they like who are they what are the strengths and weaknesses of the leaders inside those platoons what is the supply status of ammunition water fuel other necessary items what is the present physical condition of the soldiers what's their morale level what is their sleep level what is the condition of the equipment what is the unit's training status and experience relative to the mission have they done this kind of mission before what additional soldiers or units will accompany what additional assets are required to accomplish the mission so yes you gotta know yourself you've watched the princess bride no okay that's it's surprisingly good movie okay this is all finally the relative you tell me something no what is it about I should have asked you that question okay is there a main point to the story yes so the anyway there's this guy he's the man in time is critical the dread by the radical I'm just able are here they're thinking they want to learn maybe I want to learn some about leadership this movie might have almost nothing to do with that well give you an opportunity let's like it's like a little metaphor I guess a little bit if you understand it as such so anyway this guy he's he's the man in black is what they call him but he's like the dread pirate Roberts doesn't matter who he is but he basically has to go he gets uh uh I forget he gets separated from this girl that he loves whatever and then the girl's going to marry this evil print mm so this guy comes back right they thought he was dead whatever he comes back all trained he's like a ninja almost it was like a whole medieval times kind of situation but he's like a ninja he has a little black stuff or whatever but he always when you when you when you go what's he goes down and he goes down and he goes down and he goes down and he goes down here's a relevant part this guy was a complete planner when you think about it when I'm listening to this so there was a there was a part where he would he gets like he gets real messed up and he kind of wakes up or whatever and these guys kind of help him and they're like hey we got to go like we got to go save this princess and I want to kill this this guy this king or whatever and the guys like barely can walk barely can talk he's like what's our assets and then they're like okay we got this we got this it was what's our liabilities and he goes blah blah blah and he and he runs down exactly what you're saying like about what how they have they have 30 men the guard is Catholic and he was like just sitting there incapable of moving but he's planning like the whole thing and he's evaluating and he goes um and he you know he comes up with a plan but then when you think about the whole past of the movie he plans like the whole thing he planned like the whole thing he one time he tricked the guy right trick this guy he plays this game he goes like this he goes uh here's a one glass wine for me one glass wine for you and he grabs them both and he and he puts poison or I okay in powder puts poison in one of them right and he goes okay you choose choose which one is mine which one is yours we both drink and whoever wins lives so the guy's like all right so he like does some dumb distraction thing it's a comedy movie and then um so they both drink and of course the bad guy does right and then the girls like right there so he grabs the girl and she's like oh how'd you do that he's like oh they were both poisoned I spent years building my immunity to this poison as you'm saying this guy was a planner it's why you want okay so your planner you're probably when planning is important very important as is and adults too what a voice of your top you know my point is and has always been these lessons or everywhere you keep your eyes open who's in that movie oh carry elis is his name okay and uh I know very thought we have a lot of knowledge up in that brain of yours that just has no real purpose you know the movie saw you know I know the movie but I've never watched one any of it's the guy from the first song okay more knowledge just thrown out there for the world didn't appreciate amen tell me part of it uh next section analysis of time available time available refers to many factors during the operations plan during the operations process plan prepare execute and assess the four categories the commander considers include planning and preparation operations next high-rational on time line enemy timeline I think about that enemy timeline important thing to think about can we move fast enough that we disrupt their timeline we don't want to give them time to set up that's another thing that I didn't talk about when I talked about the importance of time and managing time and understanding time and that you don't get a second chance with time is that when you have an opportunity to disrupt your enemy the more time you give them the less disruptive it will be that's why when you're doing jjitsu and you you know how the armlock is there for a second but then you you don't go because you're wanting it to be more perfect and then it's gone and it's also means when someone passes your guard the time to escape that new position is as soon as it happens not when they get a breath and settle and put the weight next section analysis of civil considerations civil considerations include the influences of man-made infrastructure civilian institutions and attitudes activities of civilian leaders populations and organizations within an area of operations with regard to the conduct of military operations and the question you ask are how do civilian considerations affect the operation how does the operation affects civilians how does the company build national will in its area of operations and the reason I'm I wanted to highlight that is when we're making decisions you have to think about the impacts beyond just your team and the enemy team right so if you're in business and you have the opportunity to take out a competitor but whatever that competitor employees a bunch of people in a certain area and you take them out well what does that do to your reputation know how and you just shut them I like that that's the kind of thing you need to think about what think about the other effects to for lack of a better word the civilian population and it's something the military you get trained very specifically to consider all the time that's that's why I wanted to bring it up some of the things that they point out inside of the inside of the civilian considerations ethnic dynamics organizations of influence patterns leaders and influencers which I know you're one of those right an influencer and then economic environment so those are some of the things you need to think about getting into the course of action development course of action development the purpose of a course of action development is to determine one or more ways to accomplish the mission consistent with the battalion commanders intent and you don't need to worry about the commanders the time battalion intent if you didn't get the mission from them but you got to look at it any mission you've got anything you're trying to achieve what various courses of action can we utilize course of action is is is really how do I want to use this word fun but I always found the course of action debate right because you got this guy wants to do it this way and this guy wants to do it another way and there's always a little debate about how we're going to do this since I took so many leadership lessons over the years from watching or being a part of those various course of action debates we what do you like it because they'll create it for whatever because it's it's a real good problem solving drill and it's also a really good leadership drill because you can watch the dynamics of yourself and other people and when you know when I say no this is the best way to do it you're like no I like my way and we get into a fight about it and all of a sudden I'm like I'm ordering you to do it my way and now you're pissed off and it's like disaster so course of action development is like a really cool leadership experiment that happens and on top of that it's a very cool problem solving because you know there's more than one way to skin a cat and I'll tell you that statement that I just made is a very important statement to understand there's more than one way to skin a cat true statement and let me tell you when you watch people develop course of actions and try and select them you would swear that there's only one way because everyone has their way and that's how they want to do it and the reality is if you go into it thinking you know what echoes way might be cool lace may it way might be cool daves way might be cool done really matter to me it's all good if you go in with that attitude you're already starting off on the right foot let me put it to you that way if you go in with oh I'm looking at this problem I see the premiere solution some of the criteria for a course of action should be suitable if executed the course of action accomplishes the mission legally and ethically while consistent with the battalion commanders concept intent that's like one of those obvious things you're talking about like yes the course of action should complete the mission should be feasible meaning the company has the technical and tactical skills and resources to accomplish the course of action with the available time space resources and availability abilities that one's real obvious acceptable military advantage gained by executing the course of action must justify the cost in resources especially casually yes distinguishable this one's a little bit important if more than one course of action is developed does it differ significantly from the other solutions so is it truly different or is it six and one half does any other and believe me and watch people fight about six and one half does any other all the time and is it complete does the course of action cover the operational factors of who what where went why so those are the things you're looking at and I think as you pointed out earlier those are some of the things that are just for lack of a better word kind of obvious and yet worth reviewing worth keeping in your back pocket worth teaching your subordinates might be real obvious to you but your subordinates might not see that as super obvious um analysis of course of action begins with friendly and enemy course of action and this is where they start talking about using a war game this is the and they say war gaming is the process of determining what if factors of the overall operations the object is to determine what can go wrong and what decision the commander likely will have to make as a result so this is war gaming which is saying hey what if this happens what if that happens and and you have to look at your course of actions and you have to try and poke holes in them that's why it's good not to have yes men on your team because if you come up with a plan you got a bunch of yes men there's like sounds great boss when what you really want them to do is get out daggers and try and stab that plan and poke holes and that's what you want the best way for the commander to war game is to start at the company's current location and go through the mission from start to finish or start a critical point such as the objective war engagement or so you break the thing down face by face and say okay what could go wrong here what could go wrong here and you know what to do get challenge your team you say look I think my plan is perfect who thinks they could poke a hole in this plan right give them a little incentive to try and to try and poke holes because otherwise they're going to go easy on you and you do not want that goes on to course of action comparison in selection if the commander is developed more than one course of action the commander must compare them by weighing specific advantages disadvantages, strengths and weaknesses of each as noted during a war game these attributes may pertain to the accomplishment of the company's purpose that you send the terrain the destruction of the enemy or other aspect of the operation the commander believes the commander believes to be important very straightforward very obvious you take your two it's funny how often you have to actually say well let's figure out which one is better you know I mean if you're a bit I mean even you know you're planning something with your wife and and someone has to say well let's actually figure out which one of these is the smarter way to do this right this happens all the time you have to make that you know we have to be conscious of that the command and then at the step four and by the way we're on step four now the commander initiates movement step four is initiate movement the commander initiates movement necessary to continue the mission preparation or to posture the company for starting the mission yeah step five is conduct reconnaissance right step five is conductive reconnaissance what does that mean you're going to go and gather intelligence it's going to find out if you're if the intelligence is that you're gathering actually supports the plan that you've come up with supports the other information that you've been given one thing it all says sometimes when we're not sometimes conducting a reconnaissance is simply a step in a certain direction right so let's talk about the business world let's say you want to move into a new market area well yeah you can conduct a reconnaissance by gathering data you know oh well we think this is a good market area let's gather some data about who lives there and what the demographic is and if they align with what it is that we're trying to do so that's that's sort of gathering information right that's not really a reconnaissance yet but sometimes just making a step in that direction you don't necessarily have to send out a recon element right you can say okay you know I was talking about this you want to put a market you want to go into this area put a kiosk out there right put a kiosk out there and see what kind of business the kiosk does before you buy real estate before you rent real estate before you hire him you know 14 employees to work in this building that you're at no put a kiosk there see if there's any traction so all I'm saying is sometimes instead of a reconnaissance you're just taking a small step in that direction and then you're opening your feedback loop and seeing if it supports the course of action that you're planning to take you. Whits will okay so for example you know how like if you you want to I don't know you want to start up flower delivery service right and it what it does is instead of flowers you get fruit right I know there's a company called like edible something but anyway let's say you have that idea and then you instead of necessarily looking oh is there a market the first thing you do is you see if anyone else is doing that already that's right is that like yeah that's more to me that's more like gathering intelligence we're looking at data we're seeing who else is doing this we Google and we see if anyone's delivering flowers that is actually fruit which I guess is just a whole thing thing yeah that's more that's more of an intelligence gathering thing to me maybe a reconnaissance would be posting you know posting a website that says you know fruit flowers here click here for more information are you interested in fruit flowers and then you see what kind of interest you get that's not a great example I'm trying to think of you know what you could do is you could do the kiosk thing right put the kiosk thing outside this supermarket and say hey fruit flower food food basket flowers yeah so it's more it's so it's actual it's almost like your it's part execution yeah that's what I'm saying yes good way of putting it instead of going full execution it's an iterative decision making process that I wrote leaders of strategy in texture you're gonna make a small step in that direction okay that's what I'm trying to say these small steps that you take are a form of reconnaissance okay got a small step of execution is a form of reconnaissance in many ways you know if you're if you're gonna approach a target well while you're approaching the target look you send a recon team in there that's cool but then you send the assault force in there well that's your you're gathering information you're not necessarily going to 100% execute just because you got on the ground you're gonna move forward and go okay we're doing a better assessment oh we're seeing what kind of reaction we're getting we're seeing the villages lights are still off so that our target building isn't disturbed all that is actually happening it's part of the process it is a reconnaissance even though it's part of execution yeah kind of testing the water so that's step five step six is complete the plan you utilize this information that you gather through your reconnaissance or through your minor steps of execution to complete the plan and say yep this is gonna work this is how we're gonna do it and this is where it gets a little confusing because now they're saying you issue the operations order of what we're gonna actually do so the op-ord precisely and concisely explains both the commanders intent and the concept of how the commander invisions the company accomplishing the mission the orders not contain unnecessary information the op-ord is delivered quickly and in a manner allowing subordinates to concentrate on understanding the commander's vision and not just copying what the commander says verbatim yeah and the reason I said this is a little bit confusing because we're kind of trying trying to explain the fact that execution can be a form of reconnaissance well obviously if you're gonna conduct an assault you're gonna give a brief before you go on the assault that's what this is so it kind out of that context it doesn't make sense except for to say once you're in the field you definitely you know you get in a perimeter you get in your final area before you launch the assault you'll say hey here's some changes here's what we're seeing here's where a guard post was that we didn't see before so you can make some final planning changes while you're in the field but you've already issued your op order at that point it also says the commander completes the order with a confirmation brief at a minimum each subordinate leader should be able to back brief the company's mission and commanders intent the immediate higher commanders intent their own task and purpose and the time they will issue their own units oport so when you get done briefing and you get done telling everyone what's gonna do what they're gonna do what you're all gonna do then you have some of the subordinates say alright what's your mission echo alright what's your mission life okay what's your mission Dave even though I gave the brief what we're gonna do then I say okay echo what what are you guys so when you say up organ insert here we're gonna go there and so everyone can kind of brief me back not just what the overall mission it was not just what your mission does but also the higher headquarters what the higher headquarters intent is so I make sure we all have a good idea around that and then we get to the last of these steps step eight supervising refined the final step of the troop leading procedures is crucial after issuing the oport the commander and subordinate leaders ensure the required activities and tasks are completed in a timely manner prior to mission execution supervision is the primary responsibility of all leaders both officers and NCOs must check everything important for mission accomplishment and I guess this is where you take this and you take it one step further to commencing the execution of the operation and you'll find that you're gonna even once the mission is starting it's execution you're still gonna supervise it obviously you're gonna still are gonna refine that mission as things unfold so there's a very definitive separation between planning and preparation but it's pretty easy to take that planning and preparation forward especially from the perspective that just because we made this plan doesn't mean we're not going to very believe the plan once we deviate from the plan once we get in the field so it's very important to understand that just because you've launched doesn't mean you've stopped refining the plan you still need to refine the plan you still make adjustments and you have to have the humility to do that and you also have to brief the team that look when we get out there there may be some adjustments that come and that is why it is important that you don't make the most rigid plan ever the most rigid plan ever watch out for those rigid plans those are not ideal and then we get into this section the like the final section which is preparations which security operations I mentioned that and then we get into rehearsals always under emphasized rehearsals are critical they don't even they don't really sort of emphasize rehearsals as much as I think they should they say that I'm not reading the whole thing but it says commander the commander uses well planned efficiently run rehearsals to accomplish the following reinforced training and increased proficiency in critical tasks that's kind of not that big of a deal right reveal weaknesses or problems in the plan leading to more refinement of the plan or development of additional branch plans okay that is a big deal that's a fact you're a huge deal and they just say like it's number two right reveal some weaknesses oh man this is this is it dude this is where you figure out whether your plan is good or not by running rehearsals and seeing what happens and this is where you refine it next is integrate the actions of subordinate elements they're saying that like that's no big deal picture anything that you do in your life and you're practicing it and then someone else that you don't know shows up to get in the game that's not easy that's there's stuff that needs to get sorted out and they're just saying like oh you're just going to integrate there as if there's any other way to do this efficiently there isn't you've got a rehearse you've got to have people walk through how we're going to do this next is confirmed coordination requirements between the platoon and adjacent units again we're just throwing it out to where just confirming there's some things you didn't even know existed until you did their rehearsal yeah it's not just confirmation there's actual things you won't even figure out next is improve each soldiers understanding of the concept of operation the direct fire plan anticipated contingencies and possible actions and reactions for various situations that may arise during the operation this is hilarious to me because it says improve the soldiers each soldier's understanding I'm going to tell you right now you take someone and sit them through a brief those young inexperienced soldiers seals marines they get done with that brief they don't have a freaking clue you got to take them out and have them walk through this thing before they understand hell never mind those junior guys there's sometimes where I look at the faces of the senior you know some lieutenant and but they even during the brief they don't really they're briefing it mm-hmm but platoon chief is briefing it sometimes he doesn't even understand exactly what's gonna happen until you get out there and rehearse it so so they're acting like these things are all additive like these are sort of like oh yeah just a little icing on the cake no I'm telling you this is the cake this is the steak this is the whole meal right here now it it's not the whole meal this is this is a vast majority of the meal maybe it's not the drink but it's it's just about everything else is it the main course it's absolutely the main course and they're making it like it's just a little yeah it almost does because that's one of those deals where you know when you say oh rehearsals that's like okay maybe if you're talking about some play or some performance you know that you're gonna know carry rehearsals that's sort of part of it traditionally but you know even just like walkthroughs right when you talk about those whatever it's like you don't really realize the value until you physically go through the situation then you're like oh damn this is night and day because just like how you're saying like like your junior officers or whoever when they're like oh yeah I got I got it the brief I got it all good then when you go out there you're and when you the first walkthrough when it's like oh wait I'm sorry we don't got it we got it work on this thing I was talking on EF online the other day and I was explaining we were talking I I had done a whole thing I'm at fact I don't a whole thing about narcissism and how narcissism like we all know that's bad but if you read the traits of being a narcissist you'll read through me and be like oh that one stinks a little bit oh that one stinks oh I've done that before because there's things it's like it's your ego right it's an extreme ego so we all have an ego and that means that we all have some traits of a narcissist and when you read those traits and you start paying attention to me like okay it just it's another tool to assess your own ego you want to know a trait and this this was because yeah I read about narcissism for whatever reason I mean that's why but do so I even know the methods to deal with narcissism as well there's like a psychological protocol and that's the thing I actually had to break it down because I started getting asked questions and I said listen I'm not talking about a technically just technically assessed like this person is an actual full-on narcissist right there's a different methodology that you have to talk about just hey you're kind of normal run to the mill big ego person that you know we're in charge and you know you need to listen to me and so that's it so so that's the kind of narcissists I was talking about but what are you talking about yeah the real deal one yeah like clinically diagnosed narcissist person I don't know if that's an actual thing or not but like a real narcissist anyway so um one of the like the tell tale signs and it's not in the trait list of traits it's more like on like okay so there's ways to deal with narcissism right and there's ways not to deal with it so um and I'm not gonna go to deepen to that part of it but one of the ways not to deal with it is to tell them hey you're a narcissist because a real narcissist has an element of pride with their narcissism so they'll be like well yeah because a real narcissist literally can't see why like they're not correct in the way they're thinking about themselves so it's like they for real think that everyone else sees the same thing as they do you know it's like it's literally that's what they think so when you tell if you were narcissist and I was like hey echo you're such a narcissist you reaction would be on the regardless of what I'd say and how I'd behave on the inside I would feel like well yeah because I'm dope like I'm just I'm just seeing the truth really about myself like I don't know you guys see it two no matter what you guys are just hating or whatever that's what I would feel about it I wouldn't feel it's kind of like their jealous yeah you know so it's so sketch as far as like the differentiator is like a normal person if someone's like hey like you're you're kind of a narcissist a normal person would be like oh like like don't call me that like I'm not a narcissist on the inside they'd feel that regardless of how they'd behave be a real narcissist is like of course I mean yeah you're jealous of course I am because look I'm better than you yeah because he exactly right so it's like they of course we don't care about the language you know because you call narcissists big ego you think you're better than everyone you can say all those things they all mean the same thing to a narcissist it means like well yeah I think that because that's true like everyone knows that kind of a feeling on the inside you know regardless of what they say or or do yeah so anyway again that's like how not to deal with a narcissist you know like like if you if I were to be like hey chocolate you're freaking you're you're you give up too easy or something like that right sometimes that helps people when you're like hey you just you just give up too easy or you're kind of like you're just being weak minded or whatever like you sure their ego will be like screw you but they might go home and think about it be like because I don't want to be weak minded I don't want to be I don't want to give up too early you know but a narcissist it's the same thing it's like hey you're narciss you shouldn't be narcissistic like this kind of thing right it's essentially trying to help them but the thing is it like adds fuel to the fire it's been saying so you can't like you literally can't deal with a narcissist like that so how do you deal with it uh this all kinds of techniques give me like a one positive technique or one one actual technique it's called grey rocking what does that mean so grey rocking is kind of like it's basically letting all their what all their techniques just fall in not get a reaction from you why is it called grey rocking because I'm like super forgettable super like you don't get so a narcissist basically gets their power from your response so if you don't give them a positive or negative response you just give you like normal face normal face like yeah but not even over doing that you can even like inappropriate response and then that sort of it you know so it's called yeah it's called grey rocking there's all these weird techniques like that in names yeah I like that it's surprising it works very well too by the way yeah that that sounds like a good way to deal whether you're not adding fuel to the fire nope in fact you're extinguishing the fire because fuel to the fire is positive or negative reaction it's any reaction anything that feeds the idea that like what I say and do affects the world so hugely you know so this person getting mad or happy or impressed or whatever like any like strong reaction is like hell yeah I'm gonna keep keep it up whatever I'm doing you know track the reason I was talking about narcissists well the reason that we're talking about it because I was explaining that I talked about it on a f on line and then I went back and talked about the next session I talked about well we talked about narcissism and egos too big but we seldom talk about you know lack of confidence and the reason that we the reason that I lean towards talking about staying humble and checking your ego the reason that I lean towards that is because that's the majority of the time that's the problem why because I'm talking to leaders and how do leaders end up in leadership positions because they had confidence and so the tendency is that confidence is going to grow out of control it's not a tendency that someone gets to a leadership position through confidence and then all of a sudden it falls apart that can happen it does happen you can also get young leaders that are getting put into a leadership position that lack of confidence so sometimes you do have people their confidence gets hurt their confidence doesn't exist and you have to improve their confidence so I was talking about various things where you want to improve the confidence of yourself or the confidence of your subordinates and one of the things that I talked about like let's say you have a subordinate that has to present and they're not letting presenting they they blew they blew another gig where they were supposed to be presenting to a client and they messed it up and now their confidence is shot that worried about talking but so you've got a job of getting them trained up it's one of the things I talked about this going back to rehearsals which is where we got there in the first place is you know I said you know you make them rehearse you know do your presentation to me echo and then what I say is hey echo now you're going to do your presentation and I'm going to you know make something go wrong whether it's I you know I turn off your presentation right you got slides up there I just turn it off and you just react to it and what you'll do is you'll come up with a standard operating procedure where you know the slides go black and you go oh looks like I got some technical difficulty let me take a second to try and figure this out instead of not knowing what to do when it comes a brain lock situation or and then I'll also make you you know mess up mess up a word must mess up the pronunciation of a word so when you're trying to say flag instead of saying flag you say flickle and you're like hey you know we want to make sure we put up the right flickle you're going to have to excuse me on that I don't know we know where that word came from but there it is I meant to say flag so you just rehearse what you're going to say when you mess up and that way when you mess up you're ready for you're a little more ready for it so so this idea of rehearsals being sort of a additive measure because I'll tell you what if you were doing a presentation and I ran you through these drills you wouldn't just be a little bit better if something went wrong you would be ten times better in handling that situation you've already been there you've already seen it so rehearsals are something that you as a leader should focus on to such a high level because they are so beneficial not just as an additive but in actually bringing together and consolidating the plan inside of people's heads how they're going to react what they're going to do during various contingencies it is a powerful tool and in the seal teams what we used to say was one third planning one third preparation one third rehearsal the army has something was it what it's like one third two thirds which is one third of the time planning and then the other two thirds are for for people to what do they say prepare and prep or so let's just say things but they don't put that as big as emphasis in that in that saying as we did which is one third planning one third preparation one third rehearsals maybe they mean that inherently but we actually say it in the seal teams that's where yeah because when you think about it and I sort of realize this when you talk about like training whether it be police or even fighters and stuff like that where if you think of high level performance like industries we'll say the NFL saying right millions of dollars per person by the way NBA whatever think about their situation it's like how much of their time do they spend actually performing very little prepared to train in all day every day off season spring time no matter you know the seasons what 13 games on mean while they're training training training training training training and then what kind of training do they do it's all rehearsals essentially I mean sure there's some academic stuff for sure but as far as when you go to practice as a football player basketball player what are you doing rehearsals all day going full speed actually but it's all rehearsals and they're doing that it's probably like a 10 to one really what's the ratio of rehearsals versus scrimmage right but okay so scrimmage because those are two different things we have to admit right now yeah kind of it depends on what you mean but because a reer a scrimmage is like a um it's like active rehearsal okay because your the all practice is for a game that's it so it is you got the game that's the performance part of it like in you know your situation it's a mission it's an operation whatever everything else is training so scrimmage is yeah it's a rehearsal but it's just more dynamic it's like with a resistant enemy you know and then there's like a walk through which is kind of maybe like a more special like a rehearsal yeah yeah because you got to do all right oh you got to be ready for that you got to be ready for that real interactive what you say enemy you got to be ready for someone that's actually going to give you resistance just like you jitsu you got to learn to move you got to drill the move that's a rehearsal but then you got to do the move in actual situations so that you're ready to use it in a fight yeah and then you got what's called the dress rehearsal like a set's more with like plays and stuff right dress rehearsal yeah you go out and you're you quit do everything the way it's gonna be yeah see I'm saying so it's all kind it's all sorted in the same bucket you know it's training but it's that's essentially you're going through the motions as close as you can to the real deal you know and actually it's a spectrum really sometimes it's like you just go through walkthroughs you know right that's a big one exactly we do that in the military you go do walkthroughs you don't you don't even have your weapon with you just in a pair of shorts and you're walking around like where we tape out the shape of the building we're gonna hit everyone walks around okay this what we're gonna do you're going to you're gonna there but then we will do sometimes like the next level I hate bring your radios so now you got everyone the radio ones we do make little cons and then maybe you'll do like some walkthroughs with your weapon you're probably not gonna get fully kidded up but you will do once you're kidded up like a full inspection yeah and that's actually the next section of this yeah but at the end of the day though to your point is it's all rehearsals really even like the role play stuff that you say it's the whole another thing but it's yet another form of a rehearsal for sure a role play is another former rehearsal yeah yeah oh you're saying that during a role play you might not know the outcome you have a little bit of a resistant you know opponent we'll say yeah that is that is a rehearsal it's a rehearsal of problems and this is what I was just getting to is pre-combat checks and pre-combat inspections is the last thing pre-combat checks and pre-combat inspections are critical for the success the missions pre-combat checks and inspections must be tailored to the specific unit and mission requirements one of the best ways to ensure pre-combat checks and pre-combat inspections are complete and thorough is with echo-chirls full dress rehearsals so there you go that is something that you know takes it to the next level and then after the rehearsals obviously you've done with your brief and that's the last step and now we are going to execute and that's it that's you know a quick run through of this document this one section of this one document and like I said these are some good guidelines they're definitely good things to think about you can use them as a framework to think through how you assess and how you decide courses of action and how you communicate up and down the chain of command but you're going to you know you listen to this and it allows you to sort of customize these thought patterns to make them fit what it is that you do more specifically but I will say it is good even though these things seem obvious it is good to write them down and put together some kind of a checklist that you can go through so you don't miss things and so that when you have a subordinate that you bring on board that you want to take your job which is your goal to work yourself out of a job how much easier does it make the process to say all right here's the 14 things that we think about while we're doing this phase of planning boom there you go and I'll tell you what when you write stuff down when you develop curriculum when you develop standard operating procedures and then you share those you get better at them so that will allow you to go out execute properly and get the job done speaking of getting the job done echo trolls you know we're all here trying to get the job done on a personal level as well we're trying to hold the line we're trying to stay on the path can you help us sure I can tell you what I do that'll help that will help so we are I am we are very disciplined with our dosages so of joint work fair, super cruel and now the dividements I'm going all day not all day but every day every day I'm gonna do those you take I say one of the morning one at night what are you doing two boom with the mix okay just two one hit in the morning one good good good to go yes so and man this is this is a good one and I said this plenty time before but I'll say it again it's a big deal where try take joint warfare and cruel oil consistently go one month I don't know two months whatever and then try get off it okay yeah very dangerous but a really critical and impactful should I say proving scenario because I'll get off it because of whatever you know I'll forget one day or I'll be like oh I forgot to do it I'll do it later and then you know whatever and then before I know it it's like Brad like two weeks I got a question for you bro why don't you just put the supplements that you take by your toothbrush and when you wake up in the morning and brush your teeth before your brush your teeth you take your hitters as needed and then also before you go to bed at night you brush your teeth you take what you're supposed to take what I don't even understand why we're having this conversation you're a 40 year old man allegedly I'll tell you what happened when I tried to do that and I say tried like you're older than 40 aren't you yes how old are you and you know that's classified 42 42 42 42 you're a 42 year old man even worse I know that it's bad you brush your teeth every day yes yes so why not just add this step okay that takes an extra 20 seconds yeah well it takes more than 20 seconds this is why because look if I'm gonna if I'm gonna sort out that what what you call put them put them out whatever like lay them out they have a whole Sam and stage there that's what I'm about to fall off on the stage and it okay yeah so yeah I don't like pull them out the night before no I think I'm gonna keep these bottles in the bath room with my toothbrush because that's sort of not where they go in my house they go in the cabinet I know I know but I'm just saying this is what happened to me when I went through that process I was like well it doesn't make sense you know I go downstairs anyway to the cabinet every day so apparently not okay I know and I see you talk about the reality of it I'm saying well this is what happened so anyway I was like okay for me to stage them by my toothbrush took more work than me remembering at you know in the morning when I come down so I just stopped doing it then of course I forgot that turned out not to be as true but the last you're teaching a lot of people right now oh yeah because I'm proud extra step okay yes put on my toothbrush now this is what I did so okay so you know I have this wind down routine at night and a big part of it is cleaning like the the whole kitchen just cleaning it whether it's messier not messy just cleaning it's part of the routine nightly right so put everything away so if I leave those bottles out it's like I didn't really clean I'm I'm not saying this is what I'm thinking at the time I'm thinking back on it you know I see this so no no trust me if you knew the actual process it's not a CD at all but if I'm just like hey I'll clean the kitchen sure but I'll straight up just leave those out leave those out right there at the on the counter okay so it's essentially staging just like you did but just not with my toothbrush just at the counter where I'm going anyway in the morning every single morning seems saying anyway that's what I start to do it's I'm I believe with 100% certainty that that achieves what you're achieving with a stage anybody to do okay and yet you do not achieve 100% certainty you're self-adjusting I'm back I'm on it now though I have been for a little bit and brother seriously the difference is night night and day is there is thing sometimes sometimes really when you're like in the game or whatever and maybe you don't crush your joints or nothing like that like you can kind of get by like you can like all just why I was just warming up a little bit more like my this shoulder right here is like just this little real specific part I know I get that right there too if I do this is not specific weighted dips I get this a little yeah yeah it's weird it's like this weird little specific spot and yes with specific exercise which is like when I do shoulder press it doesn't hurt as much as if I do incline press which is really weird this is very strange the shoulder but either way it's like all just warm up some more maybe rub it you know rub it and stretch it out more or whatever and then when you go back on the joint we're in the krill oil you're like oh proud I don't even have to like do all that anymore you know I'm saying just like that direction and then and then so if you just apply that to your whole thing it's like well why not you should consistently be on that you know keep your thing in big time I recommend it said a clean-up kitchen staging me in your kitchen that when you go down stairs inevitably then you can decide oh yeah it's time for me to take my supplementation I recommend in between your toothbrush and your toothpaste a there it is get it done no factor bro I can do it but hey whatever your method are you a little OCD no I don't think what's the wind down routine that you're cleaning your kitchen I think it's just like like that's just how you know you know when you do something over and over and over again it's just like it's almost like more habit than what if it's like a long day and you've been editing you know a hard rigorous hard brutal editing yeah you still will just get it done yeah no matter what I think it's like the process though you know how like you know how like kids they want a bedtime story yeah yeah somebody asked me like well you know how do you figure how did you figure out or why do you post stuff on social media and I was like oh because I'm your secreture of habit and that's what I'm that's the habit that I have right now that's what I'm doing yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah or like like I'm doing this for this yeah exactly like the strategy but I guess clean the kitchen is both because it's like functional as well yeah this is optional in the kitchen but I support it yeah so yes that's what we're getting at take some supplementation join warfare, krill oil take your vitamin B3 and you know that way maybe some cold war say I take the cold war you know it's interesting I take the cold war during the day mm mm sure okay so anyways get on that also we got discipline go in cans we got discipline go in pills we got discipline go in powder if you need that little psychological hitter to keep you rocking and relevant and really what you're doing yes at milk as well milk too if you need some protein or if you just want dessert because let's face it sometimes you just want dessert oh yeah speaking of which okay so I see these videos that peat in them at origin are putting out and it's like the moke bar factory set up we're giving them yeah because I've had moke bars before yes and like for those kind of a game changer right big it's a big deal yes so it you know like okay so I like I like these candy bars I don't eat them all the time actually I barely eat candy bars you know like a king size candy bar most things with peanut butter is gonna be you know like kind of go to when I do go to those so those are kind of like a dessert right maybe do you think of dessert it's like ice cream or some pie or something like this but to me a candy bar is what's your favorite candy bar anything Reese's actually there's these things called Reese's sticks they're kind of like a Reese they're Reese's you know so it's peanut butter chocolate but they're like you know a Kit Kat is right so you know those that's one of my go-to's when I was a kid okay so it's like a more rolled one like Kit Kat tasted cool in your mouth I'm like a hot summer right sure but it's like you know the the makeup of a Kit Kat it's like that but just more rolled bust and it has the Reese's the peanut butter and chocolate that's right now my favorite one but on the last if you get a mook bar yeah it's essentially it's not a Reese's stick because it's made up different but it's a straight up candy bar straight up and it tastes like a candy bar yeah and here's the test bro you know we all have kids varying levels of age and so my son is three before later this year when I was tearing some mook bar and that's like if he doesn't like if he's like hey this isn't a candy bar this is a health bar yeah he'll be like we're not eating that yeah because not like he's unfamiliar with candy bars but he pounds candy bars when if he gets the opportunity whatever but I'll he'll sneak he'll see where I put the mook bars in the freezer by the way which is another strategy he'll see where I put his three three years old he's seen and he'll go steal the mook bar straight up steal him anyway so these are legitimately dessert things items yeah better protein well we're not out yet we apologize we're working on it and everything here plus the jockel white tea mook where your kid mook you can get it all at the vitamin shop or you get it or a jimane dot com you get it on Amazon too yeah so it's out it's out there also jiu jitsu stuff jiu jitsu slowly getting back into it everybody got to you know it's one of those things you sort of got to what is it called essential it's the sanctivities yeah I mean you're a certain policies I guess it's like you know well you gotta figure out how you who you can roll with yeah in your quarantine yeah fully and then once you got that a lot we're good yep good to go so you get a ghee if you don't have one already or even if you do have one already get an origin ghee made in America 100% and they're the best ghee's 100% are those related made in America the best maybe maybe not nonetheless I think it's leading towards yes yeah so actually know there's like what you call it the the the sum is greater than the it's part or yeah or whatever because it's like made in America that's something it's the best that's something and it's the best because it's made in America so the fact that it's made in America makes it even more of the best you seem to see all right I like green with your body when I'm following it but I like the outcome okay here here you go I'll put a finer point on it if Pete grabbed one of his looms probably more than one went up to Washington State right at the border of Canada and made one of those ghee's that ghee would still be the best ghee to still be the best but it wouldn't be better than the one made in America because not made in America it seems same so it's the best regardless but since it's made in America it's even more of the best you seem saying got it that's what I'm saying anyway in our last origami in dot com you can get these things plus denim jeans yeah again made in America same deal 100% same deal plus boots plus t-shirts plus hoodies plus beanies but I just all kind if you need something check it out you might want to get something you might want to get something that's made in America without compromise very true which is a bold statement that's what we're doing yep also jocco has a store jocco store dot com is where you can get more stuff a peril if you will shirts t-shirts hoodies hats last tough back in stock man so you can get them now straight up I know I know in the past we've been sold out of this or that or whatever it's not like that anymore things are changing on the joccos in a positive way and a positive way there's a lot of stuff stepping up his game they're improving yes so anyway you want to just be able to free them you know things where you want to represent like on the path while you're on the path and you want to represent hardcore death core that's this is where you get the stuff jocco store dot com I like the way you did that well you know it's one of those things you know it's true also subscribe to this podcast if you want to go and leave some reviews if you want to don't forget about some other podcasts that we've got including the thread which will be back soon with a new name which I've already thought of we have the new name we have to make some final refinements to the new name but I think we're going to like it we also have the grounded podcast we have the warrior kid podcast we got warrior kid soap from Irish Oaks Ranch dot com also on the jocco store dot com made by a warrior kid who owns his own business at age 13 making something that's not just a business product but it's something that every person can use so that they can stay clean don't forget about our YouTube channel because echo is putting all kinds of time and effort into YouTube videos are you going to put some kind of a special effect into this video that we're talking about no man I don't know you know there's mixing motions about a lot of people that think that this right there is the best idea you know that anyone's had a long time is to occasionally throw in a some kind of a cool effect into this video yeah yeah yeah so people are watching it they're like wow yeah so I'm sure they'd be very impressed don't you think the world could use that right now you know I do yeah apparently you're undecided I'm telling you the world could use some some special effects in this video that I'm making right now it's kind of a nuanced I should go to my hand at you and it just said fire into your eyes well yeah I can't get that from you I guess sometimes yeah maybe maybe not I don't know some people say that hey man no effect or enhancement needed that's you know some of the word I have been getting okay so now maybe not needed but would be nice I'm not talking about like something crazy I'm talking about occasionally there's something happens or I say something or you say something and it merits a little highlight all right so this is okay and actually I got to think of what to do but yeah this is what I did so I tried to like learn new dumb things and see do I was so I have this this program pretty extensive programs like 3D modeling and stuff but I just came across what do you call it plug-in or whatever it's the thing that allows you to do more stuff that it's facial recognition so it'll recognize your face create like a mask you know this mask that you know you just sort of put on or whatever a mask and you can talk you can whatever it'll take all that data and create a mask and then you can put like your real face on the mask so it looks like a talking face of your mask you know incorporate that into your video I don't even know is it a talking face of your talking mask of your face isn't that just your face yeah but so why is it even cool because now I'm just saying there's a bunch of things you can do with it but one of the things for example I could get your talking face and then I could make a video of you talking whatever I want you to say and then I can incorporate that floating mask what you call a disembodied face of jocco in the video somewhere okay see now we're getting some more you know anytime I do like I'm trying to describe some event unfolding and there's a couple people talking and I say so this guy says you don't want to do that and then someone else says yes I do see you could all build in disembodied my face we can be having a conversation with myself yeah maybe for a little bit of you know something that makes the face just a little bit different but it's still me yeah see there you go I'll just use little creativity but I think it makes something happen thank you don't forget about we have psychological warfare little psychological haters to help you over any potential pitfalls of discipline you might encounter we also have flipside canvas dot com run by my brother Dakota Meyer if you need a little visual something to keep you nudged onto the path they go to flipside canvas dot com made in America question made in America yes answer also got a bunch of books the code leadership strategy and tactics field manual warrior kid one two and three Mikey in the dragons discipline the Chris freedom field manual how to get after it extreme ownership and the economy of leadership we got echelon front which my leadership consultant team what we do is solve problems through leadership yeah phone line this is it this is live we got a new version up right now we got a new platform and I know you like that word echo Charles we got a new platform which is way more dynamic we got a really awesome forum on there so you got leadership problems you can connect with the brigade of people that are on eF online exchanging ideas the instructors all the instructors are on there we're all getting after it we're doing live events several times a week where you can communicate you want to ask me a question just yeah twitter will work I may get to it come to eF online ask me the question let me see your your disembodied head on a zoom meeting asking me a question we can talk about it go to eF online dot com for that we got the monster next one is phoenix aerosona September 16th and 17th Dallas Texas December 3rd and 4th go to extreme ownership dot com for details and look we're probably going to have to implement some social distancing in there so we're going to have less tickets to sell so that means they're going to sell out faster so be if you want to come come to go to extreme ownership dot com for that we have eF overwatch dot com where we have individuals from the special operations community ready to go to work in the civilian sector go to eF overwatch dot com if you're on either side of that equation America's mighty warriors dot org this is mom and we mark these mom and she has made her mission in life to help service members their families gold star families around the world on deployment here in America if you want to donate or you want to get involved on some level go to americas mighty warriors dot org and if you haven't had enough of my bland blathering or you just just could use a little bit more of echos dig aggressive declarations that you can find us on the inner webs on twitter on instagram and on facebook echo is at echo trolls and i am at jockel willing into all the military folks out there thank you for your service day after day night after night week after week month after month year after year protecting our way of life and our liberty and to all the police out there and law enforcement and then the firefighters and paramedics and emt's and dispatchers and correctional officers in border patrol and secret service you all do a job that is underpaid underappreciated and over demanding and we thank you all for protecting us here at home and to everyone else out there you know i talked a lot about planning today we talked a lot about planning today collaborative planning in parallel planning and distributed planning and i talked time lines and course of action and analysis of the enemy and all those elements but listen the planning means absolutely nothing without execution so yes come up with a plan think through it make sure it makes sense and then go out there and get after it and until next time this is echo and jockel thanks for joining us out