 This is Jocco podcast number 32 with echo Charles and me, Jocco Willink. And since Jocco podcast number 31 went long with the very heavy and dark book, we decided to end that one and not do any Q&A. Which means that today we have 100% Q&A for the troops. And obviously this comes from the questions come from you all that are listening mostly on Twitter and on Facebook is where I get these questions from. So thanks to everyone for submitting these questions so that we can answer them for you. Echo, good evening. Good evening. All right, for a question. I want to say I like this first question a lot. It's a good question. Nope. Echo approves of the first question. I approve most questions for sure. Okay, first question. How does one who grew up in the ghetto quote unquote, involved with gangs, drugs, witnessing murders and all that good stuff overcome that mentality where your guard is always up. Coming from a family of immigrants and growing up really poor. We had to make a lot of sacrifices. And as I get older, I feel that in some of these ways, in some ways, this affects my daily life. I'm proud of my beginnings and I cherish my mistakes, but still even in my senior year in college, I feel some resentment towards these privileged kids who seem like they have it all. I really find it hard to get along with them because in a way I see them as weak. Because they haven't suffered through hard times or have to struggle as a minority. What should I do to learn to love them and respect them as equals? Yeah, that is a good question. I definitely have seen that. When people go through that mentality where they're having that attitude and I'll tell you, when I was a kid, I actually had a girlfriend when I was a kid. This girl and we know in her friend was my friend as well. So we were all kind of friends. And one of the girls, one of the things that she said, which I thought was brilliant, and she said, everybody has a hard-block story. No matter, you go and talk to somebody, they had their struggle that they went through. And whether it was divorce, whether it was abuse, whether it was money struggles, whether it was fighting in the house, whether it was jail, whether there's drugs, whether it was alcoholic or workaholic or whatever. Whatever situation you've been in, everybody's got a hard-loxed or something that challenged them. And it might not be really obvious on the surface. I mean, you know, for instance, this question here, the fact the way that the question is phrased, you can hear he's talking about the things that we, you know, he said, family of immigrants growing up really poor. We had to make a lot of sacrifices, right? So right there, right there, you can see that he's got a certain amount of familial pride. And he's talking about his family as we and a group of being together. And you know, that might not be money, that might not be expensive clothes, but that's an incredibly powerful thing. I'm trying to be lucky to have that. Now you tell me who's who's more, who has a tougher challenge. The person that grows up in a tight-knit family or everyone sticks together and everyone makes sacrifices together. Or the kid who grows up whose dad makes a ton of money, dad's never home. Dad chooses literally chooses work over the family. And how does that affect the kid's personality? You know, I mean, the kids kids can come from any background and end up in really tough situations with drugs, alcohol, addiction, whatever, that came from really good circumstances or really bad circumstances. It doesn't even matter. You can come from both. So, that's part one. Part one is like, you know, you don't know what kind of struggles other people have been through. They might have been, they might have, they might be a 22 year old senior in college driving a BMW that has more demons in their life than you do. So it's, it's a little bit arrogant to walk around and think that your demons are worse than in reals as demons. You just don't, you just don't know what their demons are. Now, on top of that, if you just want to look at like the privilege, the monetary side of it, I promise you that despite the fact that you grew up in a ghetto and you're family had to make sacrifices, there are people that year the privilege to kid. Because you get some kid that grew up in South America or some kid that grew up in Africa, that, you know, you think you had it tough, they didn't have a house, they, they got, you know, political, strife in their city, they watch their parents kick out whatever. So you're a privileged person to somebody else. So let's keep that in mind as well. And once again, you don't know what that looks like. You don't know what kind of struggles people have been through. So let's just try and, I'll use the term judge. Let's try and judge people not on what they are, but on who they are as a person. And, you know, for me, you know, you talked about the minority thing that it to me, I don't care about race, color, creed, know that stuff matters to me. I don't care about socio economic background. None of that stuff matters to me. I don't judge you on that. You know why? Because in the military in the SEAL teams, the, the, the good seals came from every background, every one of those backgrounds. The bad seals came from every one of those backgrounds. There was, there was kids that grew up rich with the silver spoon in their mouth. They were awesome seals. There were kids that grew up in the ghetto, their parents were gangbangers, awesome seals. Same as reverse is true. There was kids that grew up with the silver spoon in their mouth and went to a private school and they were horrible seals. And there was kids that grew up gangbangers and they were horrible seals. So it doesn't matter. What matters is not what you are. It's who you are as a person. So I, yeah, I'm not going to, I'm not going to judge. And in fact, if I was to name some negative traits that do bother me, it's one of them would be judging people based on, you know, stereotypes, judging people, judging the book by its cover. If you're doing that, that's a negative. You know, that is a weakness. So just check yourself and realize that you don't know what people's backgrounds are. You don't know what goes on behind closed doors. You don't know what tough situation people have been through and judge them not based on that stuff. Just judge them on who they are as a person. Yeah, yeah, fully. And I think this kind of helps you know how, let's say like, let's say you're in a boat, right, like a row boat. And you're all trying to get up stream and you have all different kinds of people. And then you have weaker people and you have stronger people. And the strong person. And you know, when you put whether it's by his choice or not, he's strong. He can, you know, he's been working out. I don't know. He's in shape. He can roll a lot. So he went through all this sacrifice. But at the end, he's a stronger person. So you can look at it in a way where you now have the power. And you can be responsible with your power, like to help. So you have to really, it's like you have a bigger burden, but you have to embrace that not burden, but you have a bigger workload, because you're more prepared for it in life. Yeah, and actually speaking of that. So now that means that you have the power to to give people knowledge and perspective on what you've been through. And that's important. Now there's two ways to do that. We talk about this all the time. And I say, hey, you don't know what you're doing. Let me show you the correct way to film this. Let me show you the correct way to use this microphone. Right you. How would you feel about that? I don't know how it looked like that. You know, no, of course you wouldn't. If I came up to you and said, listen, you don't know what it's like. Test struggle. Are you going to be, are you going to be open to hear what I'm about to say? No, you're not. No one is. No one is, but if I said, hey man, it's really good to meet you. Oh, and then we start developing relationships. But I said, you know, it's one thing that we got to remember is what it's like for maybe some people you know when I was growing up, I had to deal with this. Oh, okay. Now your mind is open to it. You start learning. You start growing yourself. So by not being arrogant and by being humble and thinking that you have you may have been through worse things from then me or whatever the case may be, we're actually going to make each other better. And that's the goal here. So you just got to stay humble on these things and and it'll be it'll it'll work out better for you in the end. It will absolutely work out better for you in the end. Judge people by the content of their character. I believe is a way of putting it that makes a lot of sense to me. Next question. Jocco and echo. How do you guys feel about the ensigninoi situation? Demoting yourself after time off the mat. So this was a pretty interesting question and it's there's a guy named Insina Noi and he's a old school. And he's a black belt in Jocco but he fought and UFC fought in pride. He was the pseudo champion. He's just a really old school kind of OG from Hawaii, but from Hawaii. And just just a really well respected guy as a fighter and a guy that you know his he kind of had that warrior ethos that people talk about you know where he would say look I'm I would rather die in this fight than lose and he meant it. And so he's been but he moved to Japan he's of Japanese heritage and he moved to Japan a long time ago I mean I want to say 10 or maybe 15 maybe even longer. Yeah a long time ago he moved back to Japan he's he's you know that's where he's kind of built his life is in Japan and along the way I think his last fight was maybe maybe eight to 10 years ago was his last fight and since then you know there was the horrible earthquake and the tsunami in Japan and he did work as sort of a sort of a charity to raise money and help out those victims. So that's what he's been focused on and he's been focused on I guess his family and whatever else but in that time he he straight off the mats of justice. He stopped the training and and so you know he had other things going on in his life and he stopped training I don't recommend anybody stop training and but for whatever reason. He was talking about this he stopped training for like 10 years 10 years of no and he he said no training he just was stopped training and now oh you know he's because he's a jiu jitsu guy. Eventually jitsu gets back in your brain and he started getting back on the mats and when he got back on the mats he felt. That. He didn't deserve to be a black belt anymore and it wasn't just because he was his timing was off or he was out of condition he felt like jiu jitsu had had changed and he's right in the last 10 years jiu jitsu has changed a lot. And you know what yesterday jiu jitsu changed a lot and the day before I mean jiu jitsu changes every day every day changes I'm I'm shocked. Dean will come up with some new thing. Dean's very very good at coming up with new things and he comes up with a new thing like something I need to one of us had thought of he probably does that once or twice a month. He comes up with this new thing I might do it once every three to six months maybe or I go okay I found something new and I'm all excited and Dean goes well know just put your hips over there and then only so. It's it's just one of those things that it changes and so and so and so and so God on the mat again and said I don't I don't think I deserve to be a black belt right now and so he demoted himself back to the purple belce. And so people's that the question is how do I feel about it. Oh and by the way since this question got asked. He actually reprimoted himself back to black belt. So and how did that go down that was John he talked to his his his instructor that gave him the black belt right John Lewis from what I understand I didn't read as much into that part of it. I was mainly just reading other people's takes on it you know like their reaction but which didn't go to the source material. Oh, it's all about the concept. We spoke to the source material. Anyway, I'm not but he had a conversation with John Lewis and John Lewis said what what was the overall do you know what he said. Well whatever he said I I did go to the source material and but I don't want to quote it exactly but John Lewis basically said look. You deserve to black belt. Oh and you know what he said he said look someone that's a doctor that became a doctor. And then that's not practicing but then they want to get back in the field they don't not become a doctor. They just go and learn the new techniques and get refreshed. They don't have to take their doctor tag off their door. He said you're a doctor of the jitter you just got to get refreshed the new techniques and get back into it. And he said okay you know he agreed with it and he promoted himself back to black belt. So you know again I think from my from my perspective. I say good for him I think both those actions I agree with. I think it's actually pretty cool that he demoted himself and and said you know what I don't I don't I haven't been in the game I got out of the game. And I don't deserve to be a black belt right now so I'm not going to put it on I'm discracing the black belt. But I also see the mind flip of hey you know what I thought and trained for a giant portion of my life and I have innate knowledge that got me the black belt. And now I need to get back in the game but I'm still a black belt. I I I really respect andson I think he's a I think he's a guy with a lot of heart and pride and I respect his decision. I think it's pretty simple from my perspective. Yeah yeah that's man is one of those things where when you hear someone make a good point about one side of the whole deal. You're like oh yeah that's true and then you see someone else making a nice thought I was like dang that is good he that is so humble and he and he's really keeping it real he's like I'm not a black belt I'm going to I think I'm a purple belt there here's where I am and then Chris Houter who's he's you know one of the original OG and brother gay smart. You he said essentially kind of the same thing is as John Lewis. You know you're instructors you know recognize you as a black belt you are a black belt regardless and just because you jump back on the wave of jujitsu and maybe weren't as good as surfing you know you're still you're still that black belt you just got it like I said you just got to get refresh with all the new techniques if you want to you know be up to. You said it way more eloquently than that obviously but men reading now is like dang he's right man but but he did say that it's like it's kind of like false humility which. I dig pretty much everything Chris Houter has to say about you two but I couldn't really get there as far as me feeling that it was false in anyway. I don't I don't I don't think so either yeah I didn't feel that you know whether or not I understood exactly what because I said yeah I guess I could see what he's saying. I don't know if I can go where he could come to that conclusion a little bit but I don't I don't agree with that piece of it I don't because to me it's actually hey look guys I don't think there's anything false about saying hey I am not good enough to be a black belt right now so therefore I'm putting on I think I'm about purple belt level I know it feels like to be a black belt and I don't feel like one right now yeah I think that makes sense. I mean it does to me too and but ultimately I think it's it's however you and I think your instructors have a lot to do with it as well. However you want to see it you know I mean I because there is a lot to be said for someone who will do that because a lot of guys they get their black belt and they're gone. Yeah. Yeah. And somebody's doing it if they get their brown belt yeah brown belt I'm gonna brown belt. It does happen sometimes but it shouldn't happen at all. What guys get their black belt and then stop training right now a few guys like that but you know so it's like hey I got black belt and I'm not saying they chose to do that. The thing is yeah the thing that's weird about that the thing that makes that surprising is that it takes a lot of dedication to get your black belt and the only way you can have that much dedication is if you actually enjoy training you jitsu. And if you don't enjoy training jitsu then you go get your black belt why would you stop training that doesn't make sense to me it's kind of like the fact that people talk about going through seal training and they say oh do you really. If some if you just what if you they think if you you can make it through if you don't want to make it through. But truly want to make it through then guess what you're you're probably not going to make it through and it's the same thing with jitsu if you don't really enjoy it. If you're doing it just for the black belt it's kind of it's kind of hard to do it just for the black belt that's my point just I give you're going to go through seal training just to get your seal tried and just to claim hey I'm an AV seal if that's the only reason that you're doing it it's going to be hard for you to get through. So I would imagine anywhere I would guess that it wasn't their only reason but let's just say either that was a big reason to begin with or just over time that started to be the reason you know you know. I mean people can fall in and out of that mindset in that trap you know where it's like I just want that that belt I want to walk around and be known as a black belt or whatever and then that mindset starts to just creep in their mind and it becomes like a major part of their thinking. And then the thing is that they're doing it's work especially when frustration comes in and. That's one of the kind of cool things about no key in the idea that and everyone gives belts now with no key I mean Dean gives belts with no key I mean I support giving belts with no key even though guide never wears a key and he doesn't need a belt but you know I say all this guy's a black belt but one thing that is cool about no key and kind of especially during the during the rogue years of no key where it wasn't a thing yet and we were just doing it and there were guys at the time that we're only didn't you start off training only no key. Yeah, there were guys that only trained no key so it was really a real thing of the belts literally didn't matter because it didn't exist and then it was just how good are you. Where do you fall out on the total pull of I can tap you you can't tap me but this guy can tap me and I you know what I mean it that where there was something pretty cool about that because belts for me have never been. A goal or anything really to me to me I just wanted to be better at that the jitz you. Yeah, I mean but regardless that is a part of it for a lot of yeah for some people's thinking so I think. With that way of thinking I think I think you can be like that they'll get a black belt and finally now you get to focus on my career. Yeah, I'm a black belt and I would the other important thing about this is like don't stop training jitz you like don't just stop called turkey man that's not good. Even if you can only train a couple times a week or once even if you train once a week man train once a week you know just to keep your head in the game. Keep your dudes at least you can see the new moves you can see where things are developing maybe that'll ignite your desire to get back on the map more but don't stop training you know and even on the days when you don't want to there's one day where you don't want to train. Go train that day. Yeah, you know yeah and go train that day. What it does to a big part of it. It keeps your body in tune with the jitz and movement is the general movement because that's what one of the things that Enson said where he was like my body wasn't moving the same it wasn't moving and it's one thing to be like okay I'm getting older I'm less mobile but. Negative jitz and move we don't know anything about that but jitz movement is a certain kind of movement that develops just kind of naturally. Yeah, you know when you're rolling all the time and if you lose that 10 years I could see you lose that so it's like dang my hip escape is really labored right now and I just it's hard to do when it's so easy to do normally you know so you know I can I can understand see that. But yeah, this really goes with anything anything that you're doing like any you know you find this also is people that are in business that whatever whatever level they advanced out of. And they move out of a technical position and they move up to a management position don't just walk away completely from the technical side like just go go do it once a week go get in the game make sure that you still understand so that you stay. So you stay in the game and you don't lose you don't wake up because you were a black belt that's why you got promoted above into management position you were a black belt in that technical side and they saw potential for you. And you walk away from it when you move up don't just walk away completely stay in the game go do you know if you're in the military just because you got promoted to. And you never a company commander or a staff guy on the battalion don't just say well I'm never going to go in the kill house again no no no go in the kill house even if you can only do it once every week or or maybe once a month you just get to go and and keep your head in the game you've got to do that so you stay fresh you stay like you said you keep that mental game there whereas if you just walk away. And when I would have guys that were senior to me come out and go through little blocks of training with us maybe they come out and go to the kill house with us for a day they didn't know what they were doing. They didn't know what they were doing. Part of was because they walked away for too long but even when they didn't know what they were doing you still like hey man good for him for coming out. You know it wasn't like you said oh look at him he doesn't know I don't respect him no you're actually actually the opposite is true you'd say oh man props props to the boss here for coming out and getting after it with the boys for a day. Yeah he doesn't know what he's doing but maybe we can help him and if they had that mentality the whole time because it's pretty it's a lot easier to maintain a scale than it is to learn it. Yeah so all you have to do you're a black belt man get on the map once a week you know just just get in there and roll some people roll them up. Yeah but I back to the end and I dig it either way I even dig it that he did it and then really took some peer review and it was like hey I maybe didn't look at it this way. There's an open minded dish making process. Yeah you went back in went to the source to his instructor yeah we support the other day back to the instructor and he was like hey and he was like yes yes sir you know that's kind of where it all came from and he went back to black belt even that again help but respect you know. The whole situation and what if this is like a whole side note what if what if you go like I'll give you your back to Fabio right no Dean let's be okay so let's say you took 10 years off you came back and roll with Dean. Oh no Dean was like bro I am you're in instructor I'm taking your belt I'm giving you a purple belt that would be awesome. But like is that is that like you know as far as like can you do that or what I do how do you feel about that I don't know but that would be very cool to see that happen. Even just even just oh you want to hear you're in an old school story an old school GJ2 story of course okay this is awesome so back in the day back in the day I was a blue belt. Dean was I think Dean was a blue belt too he might have been a purple belt and there was another person that was a blue belt at the time my wife. Your wife of the blue belt and she was good she's a really good athlete. Is that how you met your wife? No she was I'm posed GJ2 upon her one. So you know it was all good and we were training with Fabio and Fabio was no five Fabio's great instructor and we were at the Academy one day and there's a guy from out of town and he's a purple belt. So you know purple belt you know you figure the guys good but this is back in the day to this isn't in the mid 90s so probably like 90. I'll see 96 and so this guy comes in from out of town and you know there wasn't that many GJ2 schools in San Diego there was like two right it was that it was Fabio there was Rodrigo think that was it at the time. So anyways this guy comes in he's kind of a piece probably 35 years old probably 150 pounds purple belt so you know we're rolling and we're a little bit like okay the guys are probably about. But there's that attitude of the guys know the guy knows what he's doing so I didn't roll them but I'm watching him I'm rolling Dean we're doing our thing and it's kind of the open not period and. And Fabio has him roll with my wife and so my wife you know she's good she's but she's a. They're rolling and he gets her in a choke he gets her in a rear naked choke and she berries her chin like a white belt like a like a defense you know I'm very much in so he's not going to talk me he chokes her face like I'm talking legit gets after it. It's and she starts crying and a little bit of blood and she says okay so so I'm just like and so I hear her scream or whatever and then I then. And then she gets up and he lets go and he's kind of like oh sorry bubble wall and Fabio looks at me goes and the guy didn't notice my wife. Fabio goes fabulous juggle you roll with him now and I go okay so even I. I was like okay I'm gonna smash him but I didn't intentionally like a soul to him I just smashed him I mean I crushed him and submitted him but I didn't like break his arm. And but I smashed him and I was doing a lot of knee and stomach at the at the time so I was just driving no dude it was like an early version of the park bench. And then I get done and I wore him out pretty good and Fabio is like now I will roll with you and Fabio tore him up and was like cracking arm bars on him and joking him and smashing him. And then the guy's like the guy's like broken down and Fabio is Fabio said you're not a purple belt and I can't remember if he took his purple belt but he kicked him out and he said don't ever come back here and you're not a purple belt and I think he took his purple belt and said you're not a purple belt no you know he's he also said I've one thing I remember him saying is like this girl's been training here for two and a half years she's never been hurt she's never had a problem you come in here and hurt this girl. And I'm not a purple belt you know what you're doing give me a purple belt yeah so that was a cool demotion yeah. courtesy of Fabio Santos Old School due to right there so yeah thank yeah that's yeah different situation though. Yeah so it is a different situation but but I think I don't know maybe we need to see more demotions in due to that's a possibility maybe I need to get started on that to vote myself right now. So alright that's awesome but yeah old school due to your father yeah but it's kind of interesting though right because it that kind of falls the same in the same way like in the same line is is that acceptable for a professor to demote their student if they lost the step. But or once you earn that that black belt or the what ever the belt is once you earn it it's like you paid those dues yeah that's you know it's hard to afford it. Yeah just thing I don't know I think I might be wrong in terms of the way people view it but I think demotion is kind of cool. I think I think more demotions need to happen like oh you haven't been coming to the gym for two years cool get give me a round belt you know the link they man's sorry you know. Yeah no one's ever going to come to my academy. Yeah I wouldn't say that that could be the case if the reason like if you're if you're this highly competitive. So philosophy type team where you if you go out in the term you have to represent and that was the culture real rigid like that thing yeah but you know you just you for life you know you can take 10 years off you just who's kind of part of you or whatever you were awarded this belt through your time. Yeah maybe your efforts and stuff like that then it's like now I got to worry about all my time and effort. Yeah that would scare people off that they go like on right go back because I don't want to get demoted. Yeah exactly how I got to do that I earn it back. Yeah but like I said if there was a job that you had to do basically it's like if you have a job to do as a brown belt you have to represent you know like in a company or something you can be the director of sales. Get that job and then now you're performing sucks you know you can't be remit because you have a job to do but like I said you just is not really a job where. I don't know I mean when you're a brown belt in a school you have to go and help train the other people that's part of your job right. Yeah yeah you have to show up and train with me. Right yeah for sure and yeah if you're violating some you know some ethics or something like that then I mean even then you don't really take away the belt you take away their whole. Yeah yeah but I think so so the bottom line is although I think demotions would be cool I don't think it's probably going to happen. And I think that the I think that's tradition because although I do believe I think demotions a good idea. I also do like some of the traditional aspects of the jets and one of the traditional aspects is when you get a belt your belt. Yeah you did it you put it all that time all that effort all that knowledge. Alright you get to keep your belt people. Barely. But here's the thing I think that's interesting about. You know it's funny is that the gym I will shout out things like like take that guy's brown belt. Yeah yeah. I'm going to get you to a brown belt. Yeah or. I'm kind of an instigator. Yeah I like that. I like that that that's part of our fun culture where you can say. Or if you roll with it let's say like. I'll do this with like my friends or whatever they're a brown belt and I and it's you know same belt is you and you get them. And you get them like kind of easier with the new move or something that's a flash your something you take their belt and say like you don't deserve that right now. We're gonna roll in the camera about you know, but it's a joke But I think that that's kind of what's in our minds anyway So let's say guy rolls in he's a brown belt then he's getting smashed or whatever my like purple belt Yeah, that's one of the best things about you, Jitsu is that the belt It doesn't really mean anything right? If you if you're a black belt and you come in there getting smashed by blue belts No one's sitting there thinking wow he's a black belt. There's thinking no. There's something wrong with him Yeah, exactly right no black belt here. Yeah, so that's one of the best things about you Jitsu Is the truth is on the map. So I guess it doesn't you don't need to get demoted Right your mere existence is a emotion if you're not if you're not training right? So like I'd like he goes back to what I was saying where you put in all that time because really the belt is based on specific things And those things if you've done those things you've taken the time is one of them the knowledge The you know understanding of all this all basically all all that the belt is based on That doesn't really go it you put in that time you have that image. You know All right, I think I go scared I'm gonna take his belt away Or maybe I'll take your belt to bring it They just gonna be about a 45 second break in the podcast right now All right next question dead horse go Choco What do I say to someone I've trained and later claims this person claims That a certain thing was not covered in the training In addition to the questions is obviously excuses obviously excuses. So this is a this is a really Pretty common question of how do you handle these situations? And I've actually been lucky enough in my life to run a lot of training into a lot of different situations mostly in the military and I've absolutely had this happen and There's one thing that I do when this happens and you can probably guess what it is I take ownership of it So check it out if somebody comes to me and says oh you're supposed to train us on X And you didn't and I know that I did and it was in the curriculum and we covered it. I say I don't say no I trained you and I hear it is no I said okay Let's get it trained then what do I got to do? We hear it is when we redo the curriculum. Let me show it to you again because here's the thing as a trainer It's not just your job and this would I should tell my guys when I ran training the guys that were being struck through Contry I'd say listen it isn't your job just to run the training just to provide the training It is your job to ensure that the training is absorbed That's the difference that's a big difference between philosophies of training I at my goal when I'm training someone is to make sure that the training is absorbed into the mind Otherwise go watch a YouTube video Because the YouTube video you can see the same instruction But no I Need to seek you out and say okay Where did you miss it weird and also where did I fail in my training if I covered it? Why don't you remember it? Yeah, that means I didn't cover it well enough right didn't teach it well enough and I think that You you then you retrain them you get them up to speed at some point. They're gonna realize that you did train them I mean if they truly forgot or Or even if they didn't forget but they're just placed in the blame on you They're gonna realize that you know they're gonna know that you know that you trained them When they when you reflect on the same information and do to again so I think it's a pretty simple answer When someone Is saying you haven't trained them take responsibility for take ownership for it and say okay Look, but let me get you trained on it my my apologies I'm here to train you let me make sure that I train you and make sure that you absorb it Yeah, let's go. I think that your way of training should be Done or performed with kids as well like parents with their kids you know how you because you know how the Kid the kids miss behaving and the parents like I don't know why he does that I told him not to pitch a fit Well, yeah, I know you probably told him or you went through the motions of telling them or whatever But man you got it you got to train them and make sure that's absorbed, you know Absolutely And I always kind of think of it this way not kind of I really think of it this way where if Your kid is misbehaving it's something you did or didn't of course, so you can't really sit there and be like Believing the kid for misbehaving or whatever or yeah, you know your you're right I wonder isn't it weird that you can have families where one kid can go to You go to high school and do well and do great on their SATs and get new great college and go to And go be a doctor and the other kid can become a heroin addict. You is not strange It's interesting, but I and I think a long time ago I would talk to you about this like long time ago And how do we blame the parents and well that's the thing that's the that's not what I'm saying I'm not saying blame the parents I'm not saying that because because that would that if you're blaming them That's like saying it's so easy why don't you do that I blame you you know kind of things not easy I'd rather so many different dynamics to every kids experience so you know how and this is how the conversation kind of if I remember correctly Kind of started when you were like hey, I have you know four kids or whatever and They're just different They are all true Then I said this before had kids by the way, so you weren't really doing it Yeah, you didn't you didn't you didn't really care about that Well, not the safety What is that anyway, I said I said Okay, yeah, it's kind of complicated so Kids are different yeah, but they're not just different like that's not it. That's nature and nature. Yes, yes fully so Consider every kid's starting point is different So you can't expect everyone every kid's ending point to be the same even though they go through the same experience True just being the second born you're starting out as a completely different human being right just being Two years one year five years younger than your older brother. So those minor variables End up creating some major differences. Yes, of course. So at certain points in development they're gonna have Kind of the same needs but in a different environment so the way that you fulfill those same needs with the first kid Are gonna look different as far as them being translated with the second kid and the third kid and the for you know How many kids you have so you have to make slight adaptations to what you did to the second kid in the first and To keep a handle of all those dynamics is it's hard. So that's why it's like Yeah, not only that it's not an exact science Yeah, and in the way kids react away people It's not just we're not just talking about kids here. We're talking about people because you get different people At you hire at different times a different people that join Patuens at different times and they have a different attitudes So yeah, you know just but the bottom line is the thing that remains constant through all this is that if you're trying to Import knowledge on people you need to take responsibility Not just for showing them the knowledge but to making sure that they absorb the knowledge and the primary methodology of doing that is by Explaining to people why they're doing what they're doing and why you're telling them this and why this A curse so if like you said you tell your kid don't have a temper tantrum and Then you never explain to them here's why you don't want to have a temper tantrum when you're doing this You can hurt yourself you can hurt other people you're gonna do things that regret you can To break something in the house. I can't control you. I can't bring you anywhere if you're gonna act like this That means we can't go out and have fun. So you got to explain why and once you explain why then people have a better chance of absorbing the information But yes, you as a trainer parent leader teacher has the responsibility not just to impart knowledge But to ensure that the knowledge is absorbed. Yeah, rant complete Well, but and of course like I said It's for parenting. It's not like just that easy, you know, no They parenting is very difficult leadership situation. So it's really a lot like blinker Consider you know, I mean you started a different point In all these variables. Oh, but yeah, there you go So next question Jocco yes in the seal teams You let all male teams any leadership difference in business in the business world with mixed gender or female teams So First of all in the military I did work with women there's there's no women in seal teams But there's women that are in tell there's women that are in logistics there's women in the in the Some of the logistics support units that go out in the field sometimes so Definitely worked with women in the military and in the civilian sector With with echelon front I work with all kinds of women all kinds of women in every level from CEOs on down to front line troopers and here's the deal for me. It's no factor no factor to me What's a factor to me is? Can they do their job? Do they have an open mind? Are they humble? Do they treat people with respect those are the kind of things that I'm Judging It's like what we talked about earlier. I'm judging but I'm not judging based on What they are I'm judging on who they are and who they are as a person. So That's I see no real difference the leadership The Way that you lead doesn't change in my opinion from the women of scene in leadership positions To the men of scene in leadership positions the the way they lead is successful because the way they lead not because they're male or female And you know some of the stereotypes that that you might see out there Like like like like for instance men or tougher than women or men or women or women are more emotional than men That's just garbage and if you see I've seen At least when you get to a leadership position I've definitely seen women that were way tougher than then guys were in terms of hey we got to make this move for the company Here's what I'm gonna do boom they executed and I've seen men that were way too emotional and attached to Is this scenario and ruin it because they're just the way more emotional than the stereotypical woman might be so that's why I just didn't think you can trust them I look at a person I weathered a man or woman. I'm looking at their the content of their character for the second time I'll say that today mlk And Now When we start talking about combat There's some physical differences that make that make a definite impact and I talked about on the Tim Kennedy if you want to hear a hear me talk about that Because Yeah, when you get into some physical things men are stronger than women and so there's some physical limitations there But in terms of leadership capabilities in this in this civilian sector there's Yeah, I'm not I'm not I'm not worried about men and women. Do you know okay? Are there some nuances there? There are there are new as for instance who like one you'll hear is um I'll get asked you know I'm a female and I'm in charge of these guys You know how should I act or what should I do? Because they they might not like working for for a girl And I say they probably that that guy probably wouldn't like working for a guy either or a free younger guy or for a guy that got moved from another Department there's it's the same thing It's the same thing so what are you gonna do the same thing always say be humble listen what they have to say keep an open mind That's what you're gonna do regardless male female whatever it just yeah older younger doesn't matter you want it the being a good leader the principles don't change That's all there is to it Yeah, because in as an insecure guy Getting sitting Getting led or or or a girl calling shots or whatever will affect them But like I said if they if their leadership principles are sound Yeah, doesn't matter making the right call It's gonna be obvious and that like that guy's messing up or you know like he's he's Acting out of insecurity or not acting out of insecurity. It's gonna be obvious the leadership part as long as that sound It's you're gonna have success Yeah, yeah So yeah, I'm that's no factor to me Yeah Next question There maybe I should bring some of the female leaders that I've worked with on the podcast You know the thing the problem with that is There are no different than the male leaders of work. I'm sure that there's some some women who listen this and they go oh You don't know how hard it is when X Oh, you don't know I But that's what I'm saying like the good female leaders of work with have been like oh yeah That can be sometimes a problem because I'm a woman and here's what I do didn't engage it because I guess what the next day I'll be working with a different client and the it's a man and he goes well You know I have to deal with X and this is how I mitigate it so everyone's dealing with X Everyone's got some factor that they're trying to overcome And it's just a good leader will find a way around that factor or find a way to mitigate that factor and a bad leader won't And will then use that factor as an excuse Rather than just as an advantage You know there's a huge difference between taking ownership of these problems and saying oh you know what here's the issue? Okay, I'm gonna own that and I'm gonna take care of it. I'm gonna find a way around it instead of saying oh I'm younger. I'm older. I'm a woman. I'm a man trying to lead these what it's just like no You're you're a human leading another human being and so step up and lead figure out what the issues are and overcome them Yeah Jockel I've taken a lot of inspiration from your philosophy of good How do you apply this without succumbing to polyanism? Did I say that right? Yeah, so Polyanish is is a term and it actually comes from a from a novel From basically early 1900s, but it it The name of the novel is polyan. And anyways, Polyan and the book has this really super positive attitude and it's almost so positive that It it overwhelms and it kind of changes people's attitudes in the town, but There's a pejorative meaning of this word which is what this guy's asking about and And it is that is when when someone is like so positive that they That they freaking about reality of a situation you know and so that's that can be absolutely problematic and That is not what I'm telling anybody to do in fact the let's Let's not mistake the the good philosophy as one that negates reality that is totally off. That's not what I'm telling anyone to do. In fact the very first thing you have to do Is accept reality. That's the first thing you got to do you got to look at what's happening? You got to assess it assess the reality of it and then you say okay good now instead of dwelling on the negatives and what's gonna go bad and what's wrong? You deal with them, but then you look at okay You know what are we gonna do positive out of this what good's gonna come out of this and that's that's all it is It's definitely not denying or being delusional about the situation by any stretch But it is also not being woe is me In all this happened and now oh my gosh everything's going horrible. I'm doomed. No that's that's not what I'm talking about Obviously I'm not talking about that and it's also not like it's okay everything's wonderful No, that's why the term is good and not wonderful right? I'm not saying everything's wonderful, but good Okay, now what are we gonna find out of this? What are we gonna figure out of this? What are we gonna make happen now? Because I'm gonna deal with reality. I'm gonna accept reality. I'm going to accept reality. I'm going to accept reality Then there's some people that you know like the the self-help goods that are like no I'm just not going to accept that. I'm it's not gonna happen. I'm gonna be so positive That I'm gonna get that million dollars tomorrow. No, no actually you're not gonna get that million dollars tomorrow You're gonna have to work. You're gonna have to work for a long time You're gonna have to work hard. You're gonna have to stay focused on your goals and then you're gonna get you million dollars Good. It's heel strong. You are yes. Yes, so That's a deal of reality except reality then find the good at it and move Oh, Lord That's a cool video by the way that you mean you Like that video. You know I do I think is that you're fishing for a compliment? That video is a video I spend a lot of people watch that video It's interesting too because you made that video and you made another video Where does discipline come from and I actually first thing I like the weirdest discipline come from video better But the good video it just strikes court with people right the act because I think I think because it applies so universally to negativity in the world like okay the up these bad things are happening right now. In fact, I get so much feedback of people that literally say You know, thank you for introducing me to that idea that philosophy because it's changed my attitude and now when things go wrong I say good now what I'm gonna do about it Right so yeah, that's why that video is is quite popular that and the unbelievable editing that was done whatever was put together yeah sure yeah and it it does seem like a real like personal like deeply personal thing like because it it's like it's more It's not this like sensationalization of it. It's just it's real kind of kind of dark whatever and like how you said like the negative part of it It's like I said this last time or it's a painkiller to that a multivitamin you know what did me by that meaning If you say that before me like if you have a problem you you know Just in nature when you when you're going along what are your brain is is evolved to to recognize Problems and if something isn't a problem it'll start to filter that out that's just how you brain is okay So in life when you have problems that's what's always on the radar now you have this little Personal like tool that's talking you of how to deal with those problems. Nice. You know what I mean? So so it's it's kind of that like the discipline where does this link come from? It's kind of that's more starts to go into the multivitamin thing where it's like this not a big problem I'm gonna try to recognize it as a problem. I need more discipline. You know, but It's not really this huge problem, but it does help you know kind of thing so it's like a multivitamin interesting But I like the discipline. What is all? Okay, next question Coach jacco what are your thoughts on who is that mean a jiu-jitsu guy wrote that? I think so must be a must but but ways is someone from like the jimmy think? I don't know to address me it's coaching and first of all if you come to my gym you don't have to call me coach I kind of weird to you maybe that's why you do maybe just know some of black pelch and things actually be called coach Yeah, or it could be like one like chief, you know, hey, what's up chief what's up coach? I've heard coach. Oh, in fact, I don't mind coach in that regard Which you're only a brown belt how can you like coach? But you know what I remember when I sit long time ago where I was like, yeah, you know, I don't know No, I don't mind oh, you don't like boss. Yes, yeah, or dude when a girl says dude But I actually I used to joke and I'd say look guys if you don't feel comfortable calling me Sensei or instructor or coach you can just call me master But the reality is just call me jacco. Yeah, yeah, I heard someone call you coach is you know all certain guys they like that Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't like correct people I don't say don't call me coach. No, I just I just I'm okay. I don't care what people call me to be honest with you Well But yeah, yeah, the guy called he was weird He's like you can't call me no, there's there's there's definitely a handful people that call me coach Yeah, maybe they don't roll know what my name is All right, so go back to the question coach Coach do what are your thoughts on dealing with old age when getting physically stronger and faster ain't gonna happen Well, I don't know I don't know the answer that question About age because it's not happening to me. I'm not getting any older I mean when is it that that it ain't gonna happen anymore? I don't know because I'm continuing to train I'm continuing to do what I do. I've had people tell me that well when you hit 30 And then I had old when you hit 35 and then we get 40 now it's when you hit 45 now I'm here and when it's 50 so Yeah, I don't know I just know that I'm just gonna keep getting after it. I'm gonna keep getting faster. I'm gonna keep getting better and if I can't beat my record Well, then how close can I get how close can I get to the record and I think I've talked about this before is like I always think about decay and How if you don't fight decay It it starts to just you'll notice it it's slow and it's it's like moving like the our hand like you don't see it happening And I think that's why I think that's why a lot of aging happens because people don't notice it It's happening so don't pay attention to it. So what happens is they don't hold the line They don't hold the line and like I track my workouts. I'm not OCD about it. I'm not like a psycho like You know, I did it in 14 minutes and 32 seconds and then and then I refer back to it No, but I know the general trends and I know where the numbers are and I know where they should be and I know that I need to always keep those in mind You know how many poems can I do how much can I squat how much you know just those those those numbers? So you keep in line and I think what that does that I do that so I can't hold the line because like I said I think age sneaks. I don't think age assault you. I think it sneaks up on you and the way it sneaks up on you is a misrape there And a and a slower lap over here and a misst work out over there and you just Boom, there's just a little age is chipping away at you. It's just chip in a way. It doesn't if it actually doesn't want you to notice It doesn't want that's why it doesn't hit you all it wants it does just wants to chip away and then you fast forward 15 years and you're not the same guy You were Because those chips I have to take in and we'll take in all your strength the way they've taken your flexibility Way they've they've done a done work on you so that's why I like I said I don't know what okay Am I gonna be able to hold the same records? When I'm 59 and when we got some older guys like you know Gordon Gordon's 54 Ben, I trained with Gordon. Yeah. I trained with Gordon. I mean Gordon's legit black belt and and he's not just a legit black belt with no looks like you can train with him He trains hard So I'm just very I try and stay Self-aware and I think I try and prevent the cutting of corners and I try and maintain the daily discipline and all things That's what I try and do because when you start cutting those corners is when I think it adds up over 15 years and you wake up And you're not the person that you Remember that you were and you're not the person you want to be So You got to maintain and hold that line as long as you can and I'm always actually trying to do new things too like trying to figure out Something else that's new some other technique I've never done before some exercise I haven't got a by some weird piece of exercise gear because I'll see something cool on the interwebs and other Old-day hang out. I can't do that. How's that 14-year-old girl doing that? I can't do that. I want to learn how to do that and so that's that's I think you got to fight it Yeah, and that that's a good analogy the our hand No, where you can't you can't see it. You watch it all day you can't see move No, but look away for one second or not one second, but you know you look away for a little while you look back and boom That's not right up on you and that's I mean That's how you really slip that's how it'll assault you as far as age and your k-go's Where if you if you stop for a while and you try to come back if you stop for 10 years You know and you try to come back that our hand moved a lot They moved a lot. They have men's soul because you weren't fighting it. Yeah, because you can hold that our line I mean you can you can maybe you can't stop it You can slow that so yeah, yeah, just gotta keep your eye right on that thing I mean you're back. It's fun moving it all in sure you know like I said at when you're 90 and you've been looking at that our hands since you were 25 Then yeah, you're gonna be like oh I remember back when I was 25 is way over here Not my over here fitness-wise or whatever or I can squat last or whatever of course, you know baby That's the You never an ability, but just like I said yeah if you you just stay on that that discipline and all in all things And you're gonna hold that you know, hold it good do not go gentle into that good light Yeah, rage rage against the dying of the light and with that the You know this kind of balanced all things don't kick you know guys will just be redlining their workout Because they're trying to maintain that no, no, you know you can't you gotta be careful about that Yeah, man, because it's just like a race car. You can't keep the race car in the red You gotta you gotta bring it back to the shop sometimes like it's tuned up. Yeah, that gotta be part of the routine Yeah, and I can know we I'm you know, I'm pretty good. That's another thing is the more you work out the more you train the more the The the better you know your own body. Yeah, and you know you walk up to the gym sometimes like Was it yesterday? Yeah, yesterday Man, I I felt like Superman like I was just super strong. I was doing one of my workouts I was strong. I was just technical. I just felt great You know and I would say There's some days that I go in the gym and I'm like, oh, what you know I got a stretch. I got a like taking easy day and And then there's some days where I say I got to take an easy day But anyways, I'm just gonna get crushed. I'm just gonna crush this thing But and part of that again because I see that You got to make sure that you're not cutting corners Got to make sure that you're not taking the eye off the hour and sometimes you let nothing get up Get one up and you because you're being lazy So that's why going this is sometimes a lot of workouts I have You know have some dates. Sometimes where I feel like Superman. I have some days where I feel like I like horrible and I have a lot of More like lowest low slain or somebody yeah some days where I feel like I'm just going through the motions But going through the motions is okay It's okay to go in there and go through the motions. It's okay to go in there and not break any records Going in there and going through the motions is generally a thousand times better than then not doing anything Yeah, yeah, and that That's actually I mean red lining at all the time is a is a easy way to get knocked right out of the game Yeah, well you'll get injured half from well. Yeah, that's what I mean Especially when you start getting older, you know Maybe Right All right Next question what do you got? What are your favorite podcasts and why hashtag name dropping his okay um So anybody that Listen to me There's a couple podcasts that I listen to and they're really obvious and they're like the big the big podcast You got well Tim Ferriss boom right you got Joe Rogan boom you got Sam Harris boom And you got hardcore history with Dan Carlin and he's got another one that's called the common sense and I Those those all those are really really good podcasts and I'm I've been listening to podcast for many many years now Before listening to podcast was cool. I was listening to podcast Oh, I actually grew up listening to radio shows I've talked about that before But I have and I forget I actually I cannot remember how I got into podcasts I do not remember how I got into podcasts But Anyways Whenever I got into podcasts those are the kind of the ones that I Listen to and I've I sample a lot of other podcasts and sometimes I'll search for certain topics and I'll just listen to a random podcast Um, one of the but there's one more the only one that I have that's like not on the main Sites and in people's view is a podcast called Margar made and it's by a guy named Darrell Cooper And I can't recommend that that podcast wrong enough. It's outstanding. It is an outstanding podcast and Darrell Cooper I don't even know like he's just this underground guy I think he's a I think he was in the navy, but he that's not he's not anymore he's He doesn't do it. It's not like a profession for him, but it should be he should be it's it's a great podcast So check out Margar made it's also a he's on Twitter Under Margar made is his is his call sign, but he's got like 142 followers like no one knows no one knows about him and actually you know what it was somebody on Twitter And I don't forget who it was It was somebody on Twitter that told me about Margar made and we'll just check it out and when people tell me to check something out match Check it out and it's it's as soon as you open it, you know, you're gonna you're gonna realize why it's so good Um really detailed really very good historical research and it's a great podcast and Those are the and and you know what I'm a really picky podcast guy too like I'm really I need somebody to get I need somebody needs to bring it on their podcast for me to like it I try all I try new podcast all the time and I don't get a lot of repeat customers myself like I don't repeat a lot Um Because I just I just yeah, it needs to be really really solid that's for me to list from me to to for me to invest hours worth of my time. Yeah, that's that's got to be a heavy investment Yeah, and it's got to be something that's worth my while and that's why those that I mentioned let me grab a I'm just seeing if on my phone if there's any others that I might have missed But I don't think as far as like massively good ones that I can recommend across the board Those are them And you know, there's other ones and I'll occasionally listen to but And those are all kind of like the pop the the pop the popular ones that Come out donko Jones has got a good podcast that we interviews talks about rock and roll. I dig that one Only because I really dig donko Jones the band as well The martyr made one yes, like what's kind of the format with Alan it it's it's it's no it's similar to hardcore history It's him it's Darrell Cooper just talking about and that one the I think it's gonna be his It's about the the Israeli palace Indian conflict it goes all the way back to the beginning and talks to you about what it is and what it's about and it's It's really good so those are the main podcast that I listen to Um Again, you've got a and It's it's just a big investment of time yeah, and especially because I don't have a commute so I don't drive anywhere so And I'm in and I can't I can't do anything Mentally and do a podcast at the same time and listen to a podcast So I can't read and listen to a podcast doesn't work the only thing I can do is drive and do yard work Like anything that's like actually when I have a big project to do with the house I love it because I can get it all caught up on podcasts and whatever so yeah, but yeah, you know what that is You know girls can do that you know I was not aware of that. Yeah, so this is so it works Girls can they said they I don't want to be dismissive in call it multitasking because it goes It's more deep than multi-cut girls can do things that require like Attention they can do more than one And then well guys can't I would be impressed by a girl that could listen to a legit podcast and read a book and get Like the full value out of both of them. Yeah, so how girls brains are wired They can do that a lot better than guys and guys, okay, but how's this though? This is kind of interesting and I used to do this all the time to mess with girls Guys have a different spatial awareness. Yes, so one of the tests that was done. Oh, it was like I want to say 16 I don't know the numbers, but it was a classroom just full of guys Classroom full of girls and they'd run all these tests. There's different tests, but one of them was You have to draw a bicycle. That's it So a bicycle is this kind of in a way kind of this unique thing when you draw it because you have to know where this goes because that effect You know the pedals got affect the chain that affects it's a It proved or it indicated spatial awareness right so of the experiment all the guys could do it You don't have to be an artist some bikes didn't look amazing, but they were working. You know have to be an artist and It doesn't matter if you're a bike rider or two so all the guys could do it You know how many of the girls could do? No, no, really none. Yeah, so and I've done this experiment and If you're gonna do this experiment do it correctly. Don't be like hey, here's a bike copy this But don't cheat on it really if you really want to get to the bottom tell ask a girl in a girl Woman no matter what age draw a working bicycle They can't do it. I've yet to come across a girl. I'm doing that tonight when I go to my dad's daughters and yes as a guy It's pretty you most guys will do it Yeah, it's weird, but anyway, it's just just how The brains are different well Is other fun stuff for me. It is very difficult to actually engage in a book and reading Or writing while I'm listening to someone else talk about something intellectual. It's very challenging for me. Yeah Yeah, that's a to get the full value. I mean, I can do it, but they're the both efforts are half ass Get anything out of them. Well Yeah, did you is any podcast you listen to that? I mentioned strangely. It's the same thing except for the murder made one Um, are you how could you not some argument after what you about that a bunch of times cut like he says scarcity of resources man That resource resource being time But none of that actually even though the ones I do listen to I don't do as much Because I don't try as much and um I don't do as much yard to work anymore Except for that London real one the one that you were on the guy. They've actually like he's on my Yeah, he's not a podcast though. It is really yeah. I'm subscribed to it. Yeah, I didn't know his actual podcast I thought it was on the YouTube. I think it's like he takes the audio and puts it. Oh, okay Yeah, he's he does it and that's the thing like a lot of times people will like that's Brian rose With London real. Yeah, okay. That's a good suggestion. He gets some cool people on this on his show Yeah, it really really I mean put real simpletes and interview Yeah, yeah a lot of times like even Tim Ferriss is mostly like just interview Oh Tim Ferriss is actually absolutely an interview. Yeah, so and then you have Joe Rogan who's kind of like conversation kind of an interview But it's more of like they're just talking to the conversation so there's like all these little different subtleties that are that make some different but There it takes a lot of skill to interview people good and This the London real guy. Yeah, pros yeah, he's um he's good down to like who he chooses They're like pretty much across the board everybody's interesting. Yeah, even if the subject isn't your thing, okay? But the guys he chooses for those subjects are pretty solid. Yeah, that's a good one Yeah, and I really do I I really like podcast a lot and You can get so much information out of them and I love the audio Format yeah, you know, I just it's just great when you can when you can just sit down and listen That's always what I've said for for for this podcast Like I want it to be something where people sit down and kind of put their headphones on and say okay I'm getting ready to press press play three two One here it comes yeah, and I mean it like we're doing a Q and A and obviously Q and A doesn't have That same level of impact as if I'm gonna read something either that I wrote or something that somebody else wrote That's a very important subject matter that we're gonna break down then that's sort of That's that's what I like yeah, these these these Q and A ones are cool because It is like of course we're just having a conversation about this stuff, but it's there's a third person in the room as well Right every question because it's their question. Yeah, that's true. And that's one thing that's interesting like when you're listening to When you're listening to any of these podcasts that I talked about you're basically a third person in the room sitting there listening to the conversation And actually when I was on Sam Harris, you know your brother drove up with me and he wasn't the room listening to the conversation You know, it's kind of it's got a very interesting But you know when you're listening to Joe Rogan and and actually one thing that's pretty cool is I've You know I've done interview with Sam Harris. I've done interview Joe Rogan. I've done interview you've Tim Ferris I've had some good conversations with with With Dan Carlin and I might end up being on common sense at some point But with with the other three with Darryl Cooper, I don't know but I know those guys I know I know them and so when I'm when I'm listening to their podcasts, I do feel like I'm kind of in the room with them I'm in sometimes I want to like answer and say something and whatever so Yeah, it's And I think everybody I think even people that never met Jill Rogan, but they list all of the podcasts They think they're in there with them. Yeah, so when I went I did a thing with Joe Rogan played pool with them and I went up to that studio before And what'd you go up for with Halleck or something? I went with yeah for Halleck Yes, for some stuff Yeah, so that time when I went up I asked him hey, do you Encounter people who basically feel like they know you like personally? They'll just roll into a conversation if you like you know and he said I'm sure every single time Yeah, that's the same even I'm experiencing that now when I when I when I meet someone that goes Hey man, I listen to the podcast hey and they're like talking like well, you Yeah, what's what's going on with echoing blah, blah, blah And they're like talking about me like like we're bros, yeah, and it's it's pretty cool because in a way you are Yeah, I don't know them for a long time. I know I was thinking about this So like hardcore history the the one podcast that is called Blueprint for Armageddon if you haven't listened to it just stop and go listen to it It's awesome but That thing is it's five episodes for about four hours each so that's 20 hours and when you get done with it Man, you you feel like you're pretty tight with Dan Carl. I mean that's 20 hours and then one day I was doing the math last week and we because we got a 30 podcast and they're basically two hours each and I'm like like I got that 60 hours 60 hours worth of worth of Conversation with you and me and so absolutely people start feeling like You know, hey, oh, yeah, I know I know what joc was gonna think about this or say about this and and and they're basically in the room here You know talking to us. Yeah, and they said added element Which is gonna make that even more so with us because these are there these are your questions Yeah there and and I do converse with them on the interwebs too So so people are like oh and they'll hit me with a question and sometimes it's not enough to get on the podcast But I'll just say yeah, don't do that You know don't do that. That's not smart. Oh, yeah, no, that sounds like a good plan execute, you know stuff like that You know, it's just the nature of the But yeah, get your podcast on and spread the word and And by the way, thanks to Thanks Tim and Joe Those guys brought me on before I had a podcast Tim brought me on when the book was now I was basically no human being knew who I was if you weren't like in The direct like if you weren't in the seal teams with me and And then Joe heard that podcast and then we connected on Twitter and he goes come be on my podcast and I was like awesome So and then Sam Harris so anyways, thanks to those guys for having me on and spread in the word a little bit Yeah, I like Sam Harris is one as well. That's actually one of the One of the few that that remember how we were talking before you Did a podcast or like I'd be weird you just talking Which actually thinking about it wouldn't be that weird really yeah, but I mean if you think about like even the last podcast That we did where I just read the book Four hours in my life. Yeah, you didn't say much, you know and you said enough to maybe get me through some some some spots where You had a question or maybe I didn't make something clear But you know, I think that's I think I could do it, but you know I don't I don't know why I would Yeah, see what I'd rather just have to talk and do overall. Yeah overall Especially with with the Q&A with and I think sometimes you'll go into things that doesn't apply to everyone's common knowledge You know, maybe only military guys will know it or all the exact same I know it so I don't you know this last stuff. I don't know So I have the luxury of being here. Wait wait. What do you what is this? What are you talking about? What is ROTC mean? Just kidding. I don't know what ROTC mean Anyway, but yeah Sam Harris is good though where he just does it solo. I actually followed Sam Harris from Long time ago. Yeah, yeah, he did the one with Scott Reetz from the LAPD. That's a good one. Yeah, you know like the Tim Ferris one of Josh wait's getting he's got a couple with him Josh wait's getting really he's Jiu-Jitsu player He's a world champion chess guy and just just Cazin interesting attitude about stuff Yeah, it makes me feel like you know there's a lot more to learn out there about things he wrote a book called the Art of Learning Anyways, that's a that's a really good one Joe wrote Scott Reetz so much of what Joe Rogan Joe Rogan just always worked for us to do And it's weird like I pretty much would Joe I listen to the people if I know the person that he's got on there And I don't listen to a lot of comedians right because I don't know either the comedians don't make me laugh That's the weird not weird. That's the good thing about Joe Rogan because yes so many different elements of interest Yeah, there's a comedian Jiu-Jitsu guys. I make a What he does really well is he makes people talk and he you know I've heard him get some criticism for You know, let's say he's got like a Religious guy on there and he doesn't believe in religion But he'll let that person talk about religion and won't like jump on him and get in their face and say you know But that's part of what makes it cool is like he's just trying to learn man He's not trying to confront people, you know He's just trying to learn and I think that's I think all those people do that for the most part There people that are interested in learning and they're trying to figure stuff out themselves and so I think it's cool that that Jill Rogan's not getting in somebody's face about something I don't believe in me. I mean, I'm not that he doesn't disagree with people sometimes Yeah, so that's that listen to some podcasts and you know the other thing about this is like We're putting out one podcast a week and that I don't even know if that's sustainable Only because of time. I mean, the amount of time that it takes to prepare a A podcast in the beginning it was pretty easy for me because I was doing a bunch of books that I already read I already read them all I just crack them open and most of those books I went well read I mean about face already had that thing outlined and highlighted Last hundred yards already I mean a bunch of those beginning books were already done and it wasn't until like Until everyone on Twitter started telling me hey check out this book and now I'm also reading books I've never seen before and I got to read the book and What I do is I read it and I go through and highlight it and somebody asked me this question to you How do you prep so I read the book? I go through a highlight the whole thing of what I think is impactful What I think is important But then once you read it you can't just it does doesn't It you just don't pick it up and read the highlighted parts in order because that doesn't always make sense And it also doesn't always have the it doesn't make People think doesn't make me think about what I want to think about doesn't have the impact that I want it to have So once I have it highlighted then I have to go through and plus all highlight You know, let's say a highlight half the book Well then you're not gonna read half the book so then I got to go in and figure out what really is Important and then from there I got to organize it in the way that the timeline that I'm actually gonna read it allowed And then make notes about Whatever comments I have about it as I'm reading it because that's sort of that's sort of why I'm doing it because I want to comment about what I'm reading because otherwise people just go by the book And read the book yourself, but I'm trying to give my perspective on some of it And so that's challenging and And then the other weird thing is like I've I meet people all the time because I travel all the time I go to events and and speak and companies that I'm working with and a lot of times the people that are there that are Totally into the podcast. They're not even caught up. They're they're not caught up with podcasts They're like hey, I'm almost caught up and I'm like what do you mean? I thought I fell behind because I I thought I'm a lot of why I'm only on 26 right now and So Sometimes I think well, maybe people are just we're just turning out at such a high rate But then there's some people that I've talked to as as I think about like a moment Maybe I need to slow down a little bit and I've talked to some of the some of the people that I work with and people that listen to the podcast that are into it And I say like you know we might go down to you know once every two weeks and it's like I just Smack them in the face. So like no, no, you know I think it'd be you know But sometimes I also feel that If I had more time that I would be able to do a better job like maybe that's something I need to weigh as well And if you think about like hardcore history call that guy Dan Carlin is he just makes people He tortures people making him wait and it makes you wait and wait and So I don't know maybe we maybe we need to go to once every two weeks. Maybe I just need to suck it up and just keep doing I don't know maybe I don't know yet, but Yeah Wait one thing that's good about all these other podcasts is that gives you an opportunity to go listen to something else Or you go back and read listen Yeah I'm sure we might get some feedback on that one. Yeah, so people think if you out there thinks you'd be okay with us going every two weeks Yeah, or if it's gonna ruin your life Yeah, because it probably takes 15 to 20 hours now. I'm a slow reader I'm a slow reader so when I'm reading a book it's it's I read at the same pace that I talk now when I'm on the podcast I'm talking a little bit slower than I normally talk, but when I'm reading I'm reading about the pace I'm speaking right about now this is just a normal and what's good about it? And I learn this in college when I read and I'm reading it this pace I remember just about everything that I read if I read fast All of Tim Ferris and speed reading. I don't retain the same amount and so I read slow I absorb I'm thinking about it. I'm making some notes so to get through a book it takes 10 15 hours So then you get through with that now you got to go back through it again and decide what the actual the actual Script timing that you're gonna read it So now I'm like marking up the book and I'm going back and I'm writing the page numbers and I'm tapping it out that takes a few hours three hours And so by that's all said and done you know you're talking about 20 hours 15 to 20 hours to prep and Everything we like today or yesterday I got done prepping for this podcast or actually I got done prepping for the the four hours in my life As soon as I got done I literally picked it up. I would sit up at my bookshelf and I started looking okay What it's gonna what's coming next? I want to start reading it now. Yeah, yeah, yeah But that's the The jacco preparedness Yeah, you know hyper preparedness right hyper preparedness and also it's because when like I said earlier when somebody presses play on the podcast I want them to I want them to be getting a piece of quality material right I'm not gonna turn out something That's just that's just crap. I would rather not do it at all. I'd rather shut down And take a six-month break or a lifelong break and never do it again Then just start turning it out for no reason Really escalated that real quick. Yeah, I know it long. You know why you know why did that because I have to maintain that attitude of like Like I'm not doing this I'm doing this because I want to do it Yeah, you know what I mean I'm doing this because I want to do it and if I don't want to do it then I'm not gonna do it right and it is I mean like I said I like to hit I like to hit play on a podcast and be like okay This is it just like sitting down to listen to great music or anything like that the podcast for me is like that It's like reading a great book. It's like watching a great movie It's sitting down pressing playing going okay This is gonna have impact on me and so I want to turn something out like that I don't want to turn out second rate stuff. I want to turn out something legit and if I can if I fail to do that then I'm not gonna do it at least now I'm saying if I was Was failed to do it, but I was trying my hardest. Okay. I might continue because I'm trying and I'm making but if I was failing to do it Because I wasn't putting the effort into it. Then I'm not gonna do it because that's I think I think that my Personal expectations and the expectations that people have when they press play They want to get something good Yeah, they want to get some quality they want to learn something they want to they want to enter into the game whereas If they start pressing play and they hear garbage, man, I don't want them to hear that and I don't want to be that That's not my gig my gig is Going hard putting out hard and putting out something that that people want to listen to because it helps them Not doing it just to do it. That's not my thing Yeah, and if you start slipping in that regard Right, you can smell it from on my own away, man. Yeah, yeah I'll tell you what the one thing I have realized when I first started I thought oh well I don't know you know there's only so many books You know that I could actually do because I'm thinking books that had impact on me real legit impact There wasn't some huge list But as soon as I started going down the path now I realized that there's literally I could I could I could I'm not gonna be able to do in my lifetime all the books I want to do. Yeah, you know what I mean? Yeah, I'm not gonna be able to kind of enlisting other people to make suggestions Which people are enlisting the ivory trooper out there sending me two or three books and saying hey check this out My Amazon bill click through to jockel podcast click through to Amazon We got it going on because I have that money's from me because I'm ordering books all the time when somebody says Hey check this book out. I don't have time to play around Do you know what I do? I just order it. I just click through an order it on Amazon But I need I'm literally literally getting a new bookshelf in my house Because I've got so many books piling up and And yeah that to me what's good about it? I love this guy. This is another thing and I told you this early on Because early on you said hey, you know, it was like three weeks into it You're like hey, I don't know if we're gonna be able to keep up this pace and I said you know what? I like this grind. I want to be maxed out. I want to have the pedal down and you know what? I want to be going hard and I think the people that listen to the podcast are people that are going hard in their Perspective lives. They're going they're they're working hard. They're making things happen. They're being aggressive and that's what I'm doing here That's what we're doing here and so I think that's why it resonates with some people And there's some people that are listening to this that know that they kind of step it up a little bit You know and that also is a good thing I don't think there's too many people that are like jocco get your get it together You need to get your game on they know I'm bringing my egg game right? I'm bringing my egg game and and people know that But the day that I can't bring my egg game Then couple things maybe it's time. Okay, you know what I need more time Because I don't want to turn out crap or I don't do it anymore or We do it whenever but The I like being driven I like a deadline I learn a lot from the podcast from from getting ready for it because you got to remember I read a book So you got a little bit by listening to an hour of me talking about a book. I read a book. I absorbed it. I highlighted it. I outlined it I researched it. I looked up and I look up. Oh, that general he sounds like an interesting I only just do a real quick fact check to see if there's anything in the behind the scenes I need to tell about him. Oh, you know what there's a poem that's related to this I'm thinking out poems that I Didn't know didn't understand and reviewing them so all these little things That you know and who knows. I mean, does this should this be the full-time job? I don't know you know and by the way the whole time that I'm doing this I got a business You know with life that we're traveling and working with companies I got other books in the hopper that I'm writing currently and I have to spend time doing that Which I'm super pumped about those as well, but like those that takes time. So yeah Dang yeah, but but again, you know what bring it on bring it on Bring it on. I'm gonna be in jump in there. I'm gonna answer your Twitter questions. I'm gonna deliver some podcast yet boy I can make it happen Some people choose to get after red line and we encourage that red line I'm talking about red line this bad boy Speaking of red lineing next question. Please discuss how discipline equals freedom can and should apply to one's financial life Thanks for my last trip Obviously if you want to be financially free you're gonna have financial discipline. That's just the way it is so here's It's it's just simple not easy save your money boom. That's number one don't buy an X here's one Don't buy an expensive car Until you want to piece of property. That's just a basic rule. Just yeah if you're driving a Mercedes S class from 2015 Is that a good one? That's it's a very good one. It's a very good one, but it's also $120,000 but if you're living if you're renting the wrong move sell that thing and buy a piece of property A car is it depreciating asset a property is an appreciate an asset trying put your money into your appreciating assets spend less than you earn boom Stay off the credit cards boom Invest your money In something I Like to invest money in me In things that I'm gonna do that's what I want to do yeah, I want to invest money in things that I know I understand what better do I know and understand than than things that I'm doing for people that I know or things that I'm involved with so That's what you're gonna do you want to you want to get your money taken care of you want to you want to have financial freedom You got to just have the financial discipline that's that's all there is to it and work hard You know or card make things happen, but your your major gains You know most people don't become rich by their salary Right they become they be they earn their wealth they gain their wealth Through bigger things like buying properties you know we got a G.J. to two players at the at the academy Girl and You know a year ago She was kind of talking to me about oh well, you know, you know, she's just got married and blah blah blah and We started talking I said you you know She's with a thing about moving I got this condo and I was like we started talking about buying properties and boom She disclosed on a like a four four unit property in San Diego and the day she got the keys She was making $400 a month She went from paying $1,900 a month and mortgage the day she made She got the keys all of a sudden that she rented that place out She's got three units. She's living with crappiest unit and she's got those things rented out and now she's making $400 a month So that's a that's a delta of what $2300 a month in the back That's impressive yeah, and it took her a year to get done But she did and now I said she's like I'm so happy. I'm like that's cool. It's starting saving Start saving for your next property. I'm like the market's gonna take it down turn you got to be ready If it does and if it does but you got to be ready to make that next move So start saving your money start paying that thing down start saving your money start saving that next down payment That's where your wealth gets established isn't easy long term strategic moves that you make and You know, I'm no financial expert But you'll have to be a financial expert to know to save your money to spend less than you earn um and property to me is a good thing to invest in it does go up and down You know and there's a lot of people that got crushed in the in the market downturn in 2007 In 2008 and I was in the military so I was buying houses and I didn't even know that the market downturn It didn't matter to me because I had a steady job and I just bought those properties just to just to have properties I wasn't buying them to flip them and sell them and all that no, I was just like okay and some some time in the Future some of these can be paying me rent and it's gonna be on my pocket and that sounds like a good plan to me because they're not making any more real estate by the beach, right? So so yeah I'm not a financial genius Talk to somebody that is smart talk to somebody that understands finances, but Save your money spend less in your and don't be renting if don't be renting a place if you're buying out buying a Mercedes S class or a seven series or a range rover Yeah, buy a little piece of property buy a little thing Buy a little thing don't just just go buy that little something get in there get it started Yeah, and I like this Invest in yourself Yeah Because and investing yourself, yeah, that's a such a broad term and such it and actually it's kind of Started to become like a little like a cliche Catchphrase and that's in yourself But if you really think about that you Yeah, you invest in yourself. You don't go buy you know, I used to work in the nightclub industry, right? So I'm and I'm now I'm looking with my mindset now looking back at the people I used to deal with I used to be see people coming there every weekend and spend a lot of money. I don't know. Maybe some of them are already a richer or but I know that if that's what you're spending your money on you're going out and essentially just buying drinks Right nightclub. Yes. There's no essential. That's what you're doing. Yeah, you throw it thinking back like thinking back five years ago You Spend all your money not all your money, but you said a bunch of money on drinks and what I get Literally nothing to show for it and in most cases you get there's it's gonna mess you up in one way Yeah, you can do something you regret or whatever potentially So think of that same five years and be like dang what if I started these two things that in my You know prediction is gonna help me in five years and let's say you did that five years ago And you did it. I don't know you even practice it like an hour a day whatever it is Even just improving your knowledge on The economy or something. I don't know anything anything anything that improves your knowledge five years later You could you could be essentially an expert at it absolutely no now just consider now what is it That you should have got into because you probably have a handful of interests that are pretty cool to you Even if it's like playing a tar on on whatever But if you can make it something that you can anticipate in five years it's gonna be You're if you're talking about financial stuff. It's gonna help you make money Didn't do that do that yeah, don't and I I harp on reality TV a lot but I think it kind of deserves it because you don't learn much reality TV Yeah, you lost like that hour and If you spent that hour and Really you could kind of keep watching out if you want but just spend that one hour doing something that you anticipate If you're really good at it would help you financially Do that thing for one hour and then I like it one day is gonna come you're gonna think back Oh, just the same way I'm thinking back a little five years ago. I mean in my case is one of five years ago, but Just the same way I'm thinking back of those people at the night club industry the same way I'm thinking back about that You're gonna be thinking back at yourself and you'd be like dang I'm so happy I got into that you know yeah and there's all kinds of things you could have done I mean I look at the money I wasted over the years in the bars It's ridiculous you know been a young seal out getting after it with the boys Thursday Friday Saturday and the Sunday that's how we used to roll Yeah, that's how we used to roll and it was just hey we'd show up. I'm the richest guy in the world Yeah, I have all the money that I ever need and I can buy whatever I want That's what every night was like so not wise don't do that. Yeah, and I'll even All you have some fun it's cool you can still right and I'm just saying think of that yeah think of what you're doing right now And you because for these people and for these people I was talking about back when he's working nightclub industry They are really technically they are committed to spending their money Committed to it. Yeah if you're doing something To do every single week for years you're committed to it So just take one of those hours yeah or take maybe 10% of that money that you're spending or 25% all of it Whatever and put it in something that you anticipate in the other thing is I mean Investing yourself is like actually build something actually build a little company You know make something that's what that that's what I was meant you've got another perspective Which is also very viable and makes just as much sense I was literally talking about you know From your perspective. Oh, you like guitar's cool figure out how to make a cool guitar stand at your house You know and then see if you can get that thing Produced and then oh, it's really good maybe we start running production Let's do that that is in for not only not only were you possibly end up with a some kind of a product that sells But you'll have run on something you've had fun you created something for the world You've learned the lessons that you learned about building it in getting math here. That's all gonna be worth while as well So there's no this this I'm not saying this With regards to that you're gonna Come up with this product and you're gonna get rich. It's not gonna happen. It's not gonna happen But can you use that to build knowledge? Can you use that to get gain experience that will then compound with other things in your life and Eventually make you financially free because you had that discipline Absolutely Next question Does micromanaging ever work? Well Yes, and and more importantly does it work yes sometimes it works and more importantly sometimes you have to micromanage So you get somebody that Isn't good at their job doesn't do a good job doesn't show up doesn't Run things right of course. You know how you fix them you got to get in a micromanage Well first of all you can't do mission failure. So you got to get in the micromanage Once you're done micromanaging or or once you've got them up to speed then you can stop micromanaging This is this is Totally good to go and even if you ask life or you know the other between commanders at work from you or assistant between commanders at work for me If when we when they got to know me when they met me I was micromanage master because I'm in their grill Hey, this you got to do this note come over here a little bit. No and wouldn't give me some But then as soon as I see that they get it of course then it's like okay you got this you got this and I'm gonna I'm gonna macromanage and barely manage and let them run with it and so that's That's absolutely micromanagement is sometimes it's a necessity and By the way if you're getting micromanaged That's a little bit of a red flag sure you might have somebody that's a control freak that is a Compulsive micromanager and that sucks But you also might have somebody that doesn't trust you yet And so how do you build up their trust? Is it by hiding from them? No, it's by being open and being like hey boss There's what I'm gonna do you actually send them more information than they could even want you show them how Response play you are you show them what a handle you have on the situation and that's how you can help overcome the micromanage But if someone's not doing what they're supposed to or they're failing or they're letting you down Then yeah, you got to get in their grill and micromanage The other time that and I sort of said this is when you're mentoring someone that can also be viewed as micromanagement Because now I'm sitting side by side I'm my breathing down your neck a little bit and that might be viewed as micromanagement But again, sometimes it's necessary if you don't know the ropes yet I got to show you the ropes. I mean, I got to sit by you and make sure you know it Teaching so if you're teaching somebody something in a work environment that can also be viewed as micromanagement And it actually is because you're saying hey put this over here put that over here wait Back off let me do this no no you don't know how to do it. I got to show you how to do it so There's that and then that's teaching and then sometimes you got to show people how to do it And I told that long story in here one time where I just said hey you sit and watch how I'm gonna run this squad And I ran the squad and got fired up and told people where to go and moved on the line and The two commander looked at me and said okay, I can do that and as soon as you saw one time he got it so That's sometimes micromanagement is okay the thing is you don't want to get stuck in the rut of micromanagement So if I mentor you if I teach you if I instruct you if I show you the way Doesn't mean stay there and keep micromanaging because you're not doing your job You shouldn't have the capability or the capacity to micromanagement to micromanage everybody that works for you If you have that ability you're not doing your job. You're not looking up the chain of command You're not looking out your troopers your subordinate leadership should be stepping up and leading and you should Expect that of them and if you have to micromanagement It should be a chore that you don't like doing and when you get in there and you micromanage for a certain amount of time Then you say okay you got this you know, I'm I'm stepping back and then you got to step back because no one likes to be micromanaged So once you get people up to speed step back let them run let your leaders lead Yeah, sometimes people who like to micromanage or they feel compelled to They can fall in that trap where where let's say they do need to micromanage and they'll get that payoff of oh Yeah, I see this guy kind of getting it but instead of understanding the full scope of things We're oh he's getting it now. I need to I don't need to manage as much They'll be like they'll still start chasing that payoff of them getting it with their little micromanage You know, so they'll like constantly need that payoff yeah some people now that you mentioned some people micromanage because they're ego Though they want to they want to exercise they want to do two things exercise their power over the person or Or Show off their knowledge to the person yeah, so those two are just such a pain Such a pain, but you know what what do you do? Okay cool. I'm gonna work harder. I'm gonna be ahead of you I'm gonna get better at this and we're gonna move on Yeah, that that showing off knowledge thing that that that it's in a micromanagement situation It seems like okay, it's obviously shouldn't do that and you can probably see it from a malo But but just in everyday life, that's a compelling thing to want to show people you ever Ever hear someone telling you something that you already know and you just want to tell them I already know I know you know like you don't have to explain it to me when really when you really kind of search your own feelings It's not that they're wasting your time. It's kind of that you just want to let them know that I have that knowledge Don't worry about you know, I mean, but I see that all the time. I feel that all the time Just gotta like fight your tongue Right, but I think that's that's a real compelling like desire, you know to To show hey, already know that or look how much I know you know Yeah, people definitely like that. It makes me feel good and look at what I know you know Last question Joko Focus in a battle is easy how do you keep focus in a long war? I eat long term goals Well that that can definitely be true It can be pretty easy to focus on the battle that's right in front of your face And when you're doing that sometimes you can look track of the long term goal But I want to have that That long term goal so In bed it in my mind that I never lose side of it Ever And those little tasks and projects and short term goals that you tackle they need to lead toward that strategic victory Winning the long war And we get very caught up in Instant gratification we want results now We want the short cut to the winner's podium And Sometimes you know when we don't get that Short term glory that we want we lose track of those long term goals and you you look up in in six weeks or In six months or in six years and You've made no progress None You never moved You might even be further from your goal than you were Why? Why Why did you let that happen? Because you lost sight of that long term goal And at some point after you lose sight of that goal and years have gone by you think to yourself Maybe I can't Maybe I can't do it And so you give up You let it fade And you settle You settle for mediocrity you settle forever you settle for oh well No But no No Don't do that In bed that long term goal in your mind burn it into your soul Think about it and write about it and talk about it and hang it up on your wall But most important do something about it Do something about it every day Every day do something that moves you toward that goal that keeps the goal alive and in sight and in focus However However small or insignificant that step might seem take it do it to that little piece make it happen Because that goal Isn't going to achieve itself It's all you And I think that's all I've got for the night Which means It's time to wrap it up Echo what else do we have We have the important fact that if you're into supplements These are supplements that we I must speak for you for a second we recommend it's on its supplements Specifically krill oil for your joints and Shroom tech for What does it do it? Metcon performance yeah, it it in a nutshell kind of boiled down it's it it helps you utilize oxygen consumption Which is a good thing yes performance. I'd very much so and yes it does work ask anyone who's ever taken it And then what were your barred that's a good one? Hmm Yeah, and by the way if you if you do get these items that are going to help you you'll also be helping us here on the podcast your boy. Yep, and you'll get helped Discount wise if you go on it dot com slash jocco 10% off nice if you get nine emails That's a good anyway. There's a lot of good stuff on there supplements You can read about them you read about the quality it's some gear equipment on there as well. Yeah Get yourself some zombie bells. Yeah, you want On it dot com slash jocco 10% off all supplements Or before you do Amazon shopping if you shop at Amazon, which I think we all do Before that before you go to amazon.com go to joccopodcast.com and then click on the Amazon link it's like a little affiliate thing Beautiful and that you can support joccopotcast. That's a beautiful shopping easy easy to really easy trust me I've done it before and then Jocco store dot com that's where if you if you like you know shirts in a peril in regards to this podcast is good some good ones I think Speaking of which if you didn't already know we have the trooper one just kind of new it's the new stuff If you're on YouTube You know it that's just like the joccopodcast t-shirt. Yeah, you know and there's no doubt what that t-shirt is Yeah, because this is joccopodcast Yeah, it's true and you know there's I put layers I try to put these different layers on the the apparel. It's not just oh jocpuck You know, so there's a little some more to it right right so there I'm not gonna say what it is for this one, but there's another layer to it So if you want yeah jocco store dot com if you want to look at it and just just evaluate it you like it Go and get it That's a good way to support the podcast. Yes very much so or if you like the discipline equals freedom now one Which we talked about today? What is the what is sort of the the most popular of the t-shirts? It goes in waves So I'd say generally speaking discipline equals freedom Is the is the solid seller yeah, and that makes sense because Again like that's the mantra yeah, and and that's not it seems like oh it's kind of intriguing as of a thing like Discipline equals freedom is kind of counterintuitive, but when you really think about it I don't know it's kind of impactful. I think it's a good thing to live by you know I agree with you nonetheless, so maybe that's why I don't know and then The good one is kind of cool I think that was more festive, you know But yeah, there's a few on there some stickers and some mugs as well if but yeah if you go in there jocco store dot com like I said And you know whichever one you like Get that one yeah go with it Appreciate the support you know well you can also Support the podcast by By hitting us up on the interwebs Echo is ad echo Charles and I am at jocco willing that's on Twitter on the Facebookie And even on Instagram I primarily respond on the Twitter if you Have a question But I do look at the other ones as well So thanks for supporting that way Thanks for downloading thanks for subscribing thanks for spreading the word But most of all thanks For staying focused on those long-term goals that you have those dreams That you got And for keeping those in mind as you go out there And get after it And so until next time this is echo and jocco Out