 This is Jocco podcast number 21 with echo Charles and me, Jocco willing. And our guest tonight is Mr. Tim Kennedy, who is an active duty. Army Special Forces Soldier, Ranger, sniper, MMA fighter, little bit of that jiu-jitsu black belt. The Zits fighter in the UFC current fighter in the UFC, who everyone's waiting to watch fight again. And American Patriot God bless America and just an all-round beast. That missing anything. Pretty skinny right now. I have a kick-ass mustache and he's got that going for. And really excited to have Tim on the show as you know, there's not been a lot of guests on the show. The only other guests that's been on this show so far has been Mr. Lave Babin, who is one of the two commanders who worked for me in Ramadi, our last deployment and wrote the book that I wrote with him. And we had a pretty fired up podcast and talked about a lot about the things that we went through and experienced. And you know, knowing you and I know you're a little bit younger than me. But you know, you just been through a lot of the same kind of life, events and mistakes and the stakes and same kind of stuff. So it's pretty cool to hang out with you a little bit today and get to talk to you. And we, for everyone that's waiting to know the results of the grappling death match between Tim Kennedy. It's coming. We can't even tell results because it's still to, it didn't decide it. It didn't happen today. We, uh, we ran out of time. Tim's got a little dinged up injury. And so we had to forgo that. And so instead we just went out and slaughtered some meat to some amazing barbecue. Coming from a text and I was like, really you're taking me to Bob into barbecue? Yeah, I had to do it. Not disappointed. So also with us, of course, is echo Charles. Good evening, I go. Good evening. So we're going to get straight into it. Uh, two questions. We got a ton of questions from the internet. Everyone's, uh, like I can explode it. It did explode. Like what questions should I ask him? It's like my phone's on fire. A phone is on fire. The internet broke. And but we did get a ton of questions. So thanks. Everybody for asking a bunch of cool questions. Obviously we can't answer them all. And but we're going to try. We're going to take a crack at it. And the first one that I just started this whole thing off with because it, for anyway that does know who you are. Because I bring in a lot of fans from, you know, MMA or whatever. But not really, you know, most of the people that are listening to me. I think they might be due to you guys, but there's a lot of business people and stuff like that. So I guess to start this off with a question that would get everyone a little bit of background about you other than what I just said is someone said, hey, I'd like to hear a little bit about Tim Kennedy upbringing and what led him to enlist. Oh, man. Go Tim. I grew up in Central California. Rule of California. When I say I'm from California, people are like, oh man, you like, you're Hollywood. I was like, no, like, do surf and I was like, dude, I speak Spanish. I argue with Mexicans. I ride horses. And that's all there is to do where I'm from. It's beautiful there. But it's very rule. It was like an hour long drive from my folks place to the gas to the supermarket. So, you know, as I was like the Christian version of a Boy Scout or Royal Ranger and grew up hunting and shooting. And I don't know, pretty normal kind of rule kid. There's a lot of the Marcus Littrells and Chris Kiles. They're from Texas and it seems like a pretty natural thing as a decent athlete. I wrestled and always wanted that next thing that next challenge. And so as in college, as fighting, I just won the ECC was like, I fought Jason Miller, Ryan Chone. Anyway, she's like Dennis King was in the tournament. He was like, eight man, 185 tournament. Chuck the dough was in my corner. Matt Hughes was the ref and is for three fights in one night. And one that which ranked me in the top 10 in the world. And that was like August 30th of 2001. Then September 11th happened. Watching planes find a buildings piss me off pretty bad. So, at that time, I was a pretty bad person. I had three women pregnant and within the next couple of weeks, I also found out that I had possibly contracted the HIV virus. And so as a professional fighter and grad school, working at dot com in commerce in California, thought I was pretty awesome. And like all revelations in life when you're not reaching your potential, it's a stark horrible reality. And that's what it was. Is this wake up call that I was a piece of shit? I should be probably buried. It would be what I would have served the planet better. Had I just not continued consuming oxygen. So you're saying, and that trigger moment for you is when it's September 11th. Yeah. You saw everything that was happening and you said to yourself, man, this is what I've done with my life so far. Yep. That's pathetic. Yeah. Time to get in the game. Yep. All correct there. But I think a little bit more negative, like I'm a super nasty piece of poop beyond pathetic. Yeah. Like on my dad's an amazing human, my mom's an amazing human, my sister and my brother, you know, like even to this day, I aspire to be what they are. And then I was like, man, I'm a really bad. So I go down to the recruiter's office and I don't know the difference between special forces, Navy seals, Marine, Recon, being a ranger, being a green bra. So I went in and I was like, obviously I would have had their own one of the same, and I was like, I just want to, you know, be Chuck Norris essentially. They laughed at me. But it's when I got to the recruiter's office, when I thought I was like this awesome American again, taking my say at a self like, oh, I'm so cool that I'm going to go do this, you know, like how selfless of me. And there's two thousand people in line of head of me. You know, not like one thousand, not like one hundred, which would have been a lot. Two thousand people in rural California were like, oh, man, I got to go do something and they'll beat me to it. So I'm again, a complete piece of shit. So that was kind of like the genesis in the origin. That's what brought me to the recruiter's office. And then through the course of trying to figure out, you know, their Azvab score and your GT score, being a college athlete, you know, like what the right fit was, I wanted to fastest thing to get me behind a gun with people that wanted to kill bad people. And that's uh, end up being the green brace. Awesome. You know, one of the things I was on a interview in England, and I was talking about the fact that America is pretty restrained in the way it handles things. But I also said that if we get pushed to a certain point, and I don't know where that point is, and you can't describe it and no one can predict it. But that's a case in point, you know, something happens like September 11th and you got two thousand men, military age males in rural California, standing in line to go and make the ultimate sacrifice. If need be, you can't forget that about America. No, you can't forget that about America. You go to Pearl Harbor, you know, a beautiful Hawaii. You drop some bombs on us for, you know, because you're pissed off about the economics of some oil deals. We're going to drop nuclear bombs on you. Yeah. You come and fly some planes into our buildings. We're going to go and try to wipe your colds off the face of the planet for 15 years. And that's where we are right now. Yeah. Get a freaking clue. Don't fuck with us. We get pissed off if you push us too far. That's pretty much it. You know, you guys like this. You're already in. That's like this man. Bad decision. Yeah. And it's, unfortunately, you can see that because it is American, because it's an isolated place. And it's a very comfortable place to live. And people are driving around, you know, while you were, you know, flying around on a helicopter, getting ready to get inserted on a target. There was someone else flying around the mall and their cattle act escalated, getting ready to go and buy some new, you know, apple software or hardware. And that's their reality. I mean, they have no idea what that's like. So we do forget in America that what's happening, what can happen to us and the threats that are out there. We can forget about that very easily. And a lot of Americans do. I know a lot of Americans, I know Americans that are listening to this podcast. They don't forget that. Then they know it. We talk about it all the time. But there are Americans that have no idea. They live so isolated from the rest of the world that it just, the thought of going to war for them. It means going to them all because it doesn't change their life. It doesn't impact their life at all. I mean, we're here in California, you know, like the perceived utopian, you know, the Shangri-La of the United States. And just two hours north of the year, yeah, two radicalized fanatics, bring machine guns, automatic rifles or raw short rifles, and start mowing people down. So I think we're coming to a crossroad where people are going to either need to wake up and stop being pannedered and titled little bitches. Or we may not have the same type of life and culture and opportunity that we've always claimed America to have and to be. Yeah, the key point of that being freedom. Yeah. And the freedom to move the freedom to go to that wall. It's the freedom of all those things that we definitely take for granted because we've had it for over 200 years. People forget what it's like to live in an oppressed society. They're going to have learned it here pretty quick. Yeah. Yeah. And that's one of the best things that the military does for you is you get to travel these all these other places in the world and see what the rest of the world lives like. Yeah. I call it a little flag from the interwebs because I didn't mention that yeah, I know that there's other countries that are first world countries and Europe that are nice places to live to. I get that. But with that, they don't send us in the military to those places. We, you know, we don't get to go to the first world countries that are all nice. We go to horrible places where there's wars happening and so that's our impression of the world and a lot of times. And it's accurate because that's what most of the world is like. I got it. Germany's nice. Right. You know. But you said Belgium was really nice. We said it like from, you know, from the 50s until just, I don't know, about two months ago. We're like, oh man, they got great chocolate and cheese and coffee. When is the last time you're in Belgium? Right. Pretty nice. Oh crap. They're pretty much breeding terrors there. Yep. So shut your face if you're talking to Jocco about what the world actually is. And at the same time you talk about like where you don't get sent to the nice places and the people complaining, they don't get sent to the bad places. Right. They don't go on a vacation to Liberia. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, that of course they're all, hey, I've been all over the world too. I'm sorry. I didn't see all this. All this horrors that you claim to have seen. You know, kind of, obviously, I don't see that. But it's, I think we got a pretty good and balanced perspective. Like you live in San Diego, California. It's freaking gorgeous here. It's one of the most beautiful places in the planet. It is. Yeah. You've been to some nasty places. I think, and like if we're going to be like, oh, Yin and Yang and, you know, balance of life and crap, with the amount of evil that you've seen, you've seen this share amount of beauty. You know, you married the same woman. Got a beautiful family. You know, you've been an amazing career, run a great company. Yeah. You saw horrible things too. But like if somebody's going to come and talk to us about our perspective on life, you know, and like, oh, you don't really understand. Have you, you know, if you spent time in France, like, bitch, I have, first of all, second is I'm not talking about France, even though Paris just got their ass kicked. Yeah. And then the train, which would have been like a complete massacre. Oh, that would have been a mask. Um, yeah, I understand. And you don't understand until you've been with me to like, Kazakhstan or the Paki Afghani border. So you're fucking face. Yeah. Okay. The cuss on here goes. Yes. That was that. Right. You know, sorry. You, you cannot, you can swear if you feel the need to. I'll try not to. When I said I was running late, as I was walking out the hotel to come here. I got like, grab by some people and I'm like, man, I'm getting some great feedback about your presentation yesterday. Um, did you know that you said fuck 18 times? I was like, I thought it was about 10. Well, thank you. So is that a positive or negative feedback? We did. We, on one of the podcasts, we talked about swearing. And we talked about it for like 17 minutes. Yeah. Because, and my basic point was I try not to swear on the podcast. The reason I try not to is because this is going to be out there forever. And it might kids are going to listen to this and other humans are going to listen to this. And so I think, man, I'm going to try not to swear. And I do swear sometimes, but I try not to, but sometimes it's needed. And I believe in you. And the last statement, it was needed. Okay. I'm going to also try not to agree, but sometimes not Brad, let it be put the explanation mark at the end of a sentence. Sometimes it's needed. You know, sometimes it is. All right. Anything else on that? We're just kind of getting warmed up. I know. First question, or is like, well, hate session. Yeah. Drop in bombs at war for 15 years. It was coming out of the gate strong. So getting into America a little bit next question. Yeah. Love this country. Fauts on current military law enforcement, self defense techniques and what you both would incorporate to make better. Hmm. That's a super broad question. You know, I'll narrow it down. Okay. And I've talked about it a little bit on the podcast, but you got cops police who have a hard job. Um, miserable. You can never do it. I mean, yeah. So what I could never do it. Never would want to do it. Would you say to me? Yeah. Dread. I mean, just dealing with dealing with the drags in society, you know, for 14 calls. And then the 15th call. You're going to, you know, some domestic violence. And I mean, just it's just a horrible hard job. And then you have these shootings where quote unquote innocent people get shot. And sometimes they are. I mean, some of these police shootings, there's no way I can approve it. And I am all about killing bad guys. And some of the shootings should just say, man, that cop. And I always look at it the same way. And I say, that cop didn't have the train. And I what really hurts is that I know how to I know what to do to make them better and get them better at that. I know you do. I know how the money. They don't have the time. They don't have the time. A lot of times, they don't even have the experience within the department of someone that knows how to train people mentally. Because that's what it is. It's mental preparation of getting someone ready to handle these scenarios. Because it's just an unknown scenario. That's what it is. And one of my worst examples is this guy pulls up to a 7 11. It's all, it's all body camera. The guys, the whole thing's on video. The guy gets a call. There's a guy with a gun in 7 11 pulls up and it's cruiser the 7 11 gets out of his car. He sees the guy walking away. It starts yelling at him. The guy's wearing a hoodie. The guy's walking away from him. He's the cops yelling at him. Freeze, freeze, freeze. The guy doesn't freeze. And find these yelling. He's standing the cop standing in the wide open. The holding is going out. You know, freeze, freeze. And finding the guy turns around looks at the cop. Reaches his hands in his pockets. Boom, cop shoots him. Guy falls down, falls the curb. Rolls, he's on his stomach. Cop comes over, rolls him over, starts his assertion. He finds pulls his head off. Pulls his hood off. He's got headphones in. Reaches in his pockets. He's got an iPhone on. And he was just sitting there listening to music. Couldn't hear the cop turned around. Reaching his pocket, turned off the iPhone. And, you know, the cop who got the call, there was a guy with a gun. And thinks he's reaching for gun, dust him. Yeah, guy died, blood out. And you can hear the cop, the cop fell horrible. You know, once he realized that he's not coming on, buddy, he's going to be okay. I'm going to get you. I mean, just like the classic things that I've know you've heard before of like, I want to save this guy's life. And it's not going to happen. And what I know is that that guy going into that situation from the get go. If you think someone's got a gun, don't stay out in the open and talk to him. Get behind cover and stay on back and you know, stay behind your car, get on your cruiser, get on your loudspeaker and look at him and watch him and see what he's doing and see if there's a real threat, but don't expose yourself to him by standing out in the middle of the open. And where if he does have a gun, he's going to get you. Yeah. And those are simple things that, you know, you could do to improve the training. What you have to do is you have to put people in stressful situations during the training. And that's what we did in the sealed teams. I know that's what you guys do in the SF is you get put in these horrible stressful situations where everything is getting destroyed. You're getting shot with paintball and the blown smoke grenades up and all frags hit you. They do that in the training so that when you get in combat, you're not freaked out. Yeah. And you can handle the situation. Train hard so you believe less. You know, it's like it's pretty simple. And uh, we do it in Austin. We do a stress test a week. Sometimes it's barbell stuff on the range and kit where we're doing like Olympic lifts to a sprint and then you pick up your gun and shoot or it's slung and you do like a five mile run and as soon as you step on the range, it's like 500 targets. You're just running down the line. And that's so I know and it feels normal for my heart rate to be pounding so that I can't hear anything besides my own beating heart in my ears. Sweat dripping in my eyes, sweat dripping on my optics. My gripping jacked up because it's covered with sweat and you know a little bit of blood, size tripped and fell in my face. You know like and that seems normal. If I went to a range and shot in like a vacuum, you know like where it's like air condition and like you guys like all right. No, you can't shoot faster than one round a second and no drawing from the holster. So let's just you know have a good time here. I wouldn't know what to do. I beg. This is really uncomfortable. Um, can someone just start screaming at me and throwing something at me so I could just at least shoot, you know, 100%. Um, the training for my brothers, police officer, my dad's a police officer. I want to the police guy in the 99. Um, and how is it sounded? I was a kid. I was 21 years old. I was astounded at how they were not prepared for anything. One was like, all right, how would this? All 20 of you try to eat cuffs on me. Yeah, didn't happen. No, my wrists were bloody. You know, I had a cough on my leg. I had one cough on my arm. Um, but I had like six or seven of them cuffs together and there was like, there's like 18 or there's 12 of them yet left and they didn't know what to do. Yeah. This is a 21 year old kid. Yeah. It's not their fault. Just like you said, they just don't have the training. Yeah. With that said, if a cop tells you you get on the ground, get on the ground, get on the freaking ground, talk to him about it later. I get it. Like you're, you know, the constitution so well and you're like the greatest lawyer about, you know, legal criminology, shut up, lay down, get on the ground and just figure it out later or have your lawyer do it. If you don't can't afford all the way, just have talk the sergeant afterwards. Yeah, just give those guys more training and you got to do the right kind of training. You got to do the, I think you got to do force on force man on man training. And when it was the last time that a municipal police parliament did a force on force training, you should be doing it all the time all the time. I'm just even heard of it. I'm doing it. That's horrible. Sim, sir, whatever. I mean, whatever, whatever whatever you're going to use. But you got to have people, humans, other humans that are maneuvering on you that are reacting to you that are drawing on you or they're not or they're raising their hands or they're pulling out their cell phone or they're running scared. So when you did force on force in the seals, you who do you use as your opt for seals, seal seals, do. And if they're nothing better than, I mean, who wants to win everybody wants to win? So like we at Fort Bragg would use like 80 second airborne or would use another SF group, do it. And that's, I mean, if you're any second guy, like this is their chance. They're going to do everything that they can to shoot an SF guy. You know, and if it's another SF guy, then the level of competition, that competitive nature, like, oh, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to ambush them. We're going to crawl up into the ventilation and try to shoot them to the top of their heads from the air conditioning. You know, they're like, taking quicky sauce and cutting the ventilation open. I mean, it's gangster. It's gangster. And you know what, that's what's great about that. Guess what the enemy does. The same thing. The moves does. They're just not as good. They build false walls. They build trap trap doors. They do all that stuff. And I was, had a, had a group that was going through their land warfare training and the seal teams. And they actually failed. And so we were re-treading them, making them go through it again, go through their FTX, their field training exercise. These big giant training exercises. We've all kinds of chaos. And they were doing their first re-retrets. They're trying to pass the exercise this time. And I go out there and I'm listening to their brief and I'm watching their do their rehearsal and they get done with their rehearsal. And they all come together and the senior and listed guys kind of put in some word. And he looks at me and he goes, hey, hey, Jock, what? You got anything to say to these guys? And I wasn't really expecting it. You know, so I said, you know, it's a 40, 40 man seal element. I said, yeah, I got something to say. You guys are going to go out there against six other guys. There's 40 of you. You guys got machine guns, grenades. And there's 40 of you. I said, go out there. And when they start shooting at you, hunt those motherfuckers down and murder them. And they're like, yeah. And so the troop walks away and they're all fired up. And then the senior and listed guy and the senior officer stand in there. And they said, hey, man, thanks for, thanks for, you know, getting our guys fired up. I think that really helped them out. And I said, you should hear what I'm about to go tell my guys. Which was my guys that were to go against them. Yeah, because I would give my guys all kinds of rewards. Any one of that they could kill. They would capture bodies. Anybody could get in a perimeter. They would just completely what you're saying. And it's completely mud suck them, draw them into the most chaotic situations. And the point of all this conversation is that you're going against other human beings and other human beings that are going to do unpredictable things. And that's what makes the training challenging. And that's what makes life challenging. That's what makes these situations challenging in a real scenario. As you don't know what these people are going to do. How many times you've been dealing with some, you know, enemy or unknown. And you're like, what in God's name is this person doing Iraq or Afghanistan? I didn't fight in Afghanistan, but I Iraqi, you'd be looking at someone going, this person isn't saying, what are they doing right now? Why are they doing that? They're going to die if they, you know, it's just, it's crazy. Yeah, that's the thing about humans is their humans. You know, there's like points to departure from logic, you know, and they live in chaos. And some people can't even live without chaos. And then we're going into a place where cultures are different languages are different. You know, what is the norm is different? And we're trying to enact what we think is normal. And they're like, bro, you're crazy. I'm like, no, no, you're crazy. I like, no. It's, yeah, it's all pork hoops. Yeah. So, and you know what you can do if you're a cop though, and you don't, your force doesn't have the money for this, or they're not doing this. You can absolutely train. You can actually, absolutely train in jujitsu in MMA and fighting. So you get more comfortable, more confident in those situations. And the other thing I've said to do in the past is man, yeah, I know it sounds lame, but watch some YouTube videos. Watch some YouTube videos of these, like, the thing that I just described. Watch that YouTube video and say, I, I watched YouTube videos in combat and before combat, you know what I watched before YouTube? I watched war movies, but documentaries. Yeah. So I could watch these guys in action and get, see what was happening in their faces. Because you can watch people on YouTube, watch these perpetrators and start to understand human nature better, just by watching what they're doing. Just grow your mind, grow your brain a little bit. And if you're going to get better at shooting, dryfire. Yeah. I spend 90% of my, my practice time of shooting without bullets in my gun. You know, and there's like a few grain masters that are out shooting me right now. Yeah. So dryfire. Yeah. These are good questions. Yeah. The internet, the internet. We're on to number three. It's just not voting well for time. Okay. For those either don't know, they recently removed bayonet training. God damn it. Yeah. No, Tim. I'm sorry. But they removed bayonet training. What makes you from grass grow? Do you know what makes the green grass grow? I thought it was bayonet training. No blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood blood. That's what it does. That's the motto. Okay. And so the question was, and I, I guess I put this in here just for entertainment value. What you have kept bayonet training in. That's the question. And it says, does it in cell or your spirit or not? Tim Kennedy, your opinion, please. I don't even want to dignify this question with a response. I don't. It's so infuriating. So yeah, I get it. We're not going to have bayonets on AT4s. You know, we are in an army now that, tactics are dictating that that's not how we're going to train. With that said, during bayonet training, it doesn't give you a thirst for blood, but gives you an understanding of what wars like. And war is chaos. War is hell. War is ugly. War is disgusting. War is violent. Most of all. It's violent. And bayonet training, while you're running around a fixing your bayonet and so what makes the green grass grow? But, but, but makes the green grass grow. Yeah, that sounds primal. It is primal. War is disgusting. And you have to one understand it and maybe have trained in it so that you can appreciate what it's going to be like. So when you get there, the first time you've seen crazy and chaos and anarchy and rage is there. It's not there. It's in training. That's, that's pussy. Exactly what we've just talked about. You know, it's exactly what we just talked about. And this is what that question happened made me do. Tim crunched up his coconut water can with his statement of that question. And the other piece of this is Tim said in that, I'll go ahead and call it a little bit of a rant. He said that war is crazy and chaotic and evil and disgusting and savage. And in a way, when you're in war, you have to become that. And you can't just become it from nowhere. You have to develop that line set over time. Look, on the badass. That's how it works. Doesn't work that way. And so this type of training, which I would call primal truly, I mean, with people who use that word all the time primal, I'm actually using it in its proper terminology usage, primal training. I'm taking a tool used to kill things and attach it to a tool that's used to kill things. So I can practice with a tool staff on top of another tool about how to kill things. And then you're going to take that thing and you're going to slam it into a thing that looks like a person. Yeah, up to you get into it. Over and over. And your shoulder is going to hurt and your hands are going to hurt. And like you're going to have blisters and cut your hands up up against your gun. He didn't realize you had to hold it that way. And you're making the mental note that I'm not going to hold against my shoulder that time next time because I can't feel my shoulder. You know, like, these are good lessons learned. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So let's keep the bayonet training. Bring it back. Bring it back. Next question. Can you instill the will to kill and the will to die in soldiers without a corollary nihilism. Yes. And we get a direct answer from Tim. Move. Next question. We, we had kind of already talked about it when we said, you know, in the contrast of things like your life, I think is a personification of how to do that. You know, if you can't have beauty with, unless you know what ugly looks like, true, you know, you can't have hot, if you don't know what cold feels like. You can't have evil without good. And I don't think that you can teach people how to, so if we're just teaching everybody how to be like murder, killers, you know, soldiers that can just, we're not making robots. We're showing them how to do something. And the reason that they can do it and not be complete psychopathic murders. Occasionally, one slips through. I'm not saying that, but not very often. It's because the humanity of us, like what is the thing that's stopping us from killing, you know, echo Charlie here. Because I'm highly trained. You are. You know, it's our humanity, you know, and that's, and my appreciation, my beautiful wife and my kids, you know, loving Austin, Texas, and barbecue and motorcycles, like that's normal to me. So when I have to go and deploy and see disgusting things and, you know, make mistakes, like throwing grenades into a room with women and then having to live with that the rest of my life. The reason that I'm still sane is because I know what right is, because of ethics and morality and humanity. So yeah, that's how, and you can do it. It's because guys and television guys that end up in units like the ones you were in can understand what the difference is. Yes. Yes. And I think that, I think that this is something that is, again, referring back to the culture of America that a lot of people starts to slip away, but you got to remember those 2,000 men that lined up in rural California. Sure. Sure. There was a little handful of them that were like all cool. I'm going to go kill some people. But there's a lot of people that say, and how am I to go out and protect freedom. And so I think it's not only something that you instill and you work on through the training and like through the training that we just talked about of stabbing or shooting man-shaped targets or even better when you're using semi-nation. I mean, you're shooting at other people. It instills in you that you can do that. But I think the values, the American values that we're taught as people growing up in this country are they do respect life. They do respect freedom and the the right for the pursuit of happiness. The things that you just talked about. Barbecue, motorcycles, wife, kids, those are things that we respect. And I'm sure you've been in the situation. I know I've been in it many, many times of where you're taking the man from the house either you killed them or you're taking them away. And he's not going back. He's not going back. That's one of those things where as a person, you're looking at the wife and kids and you're kind of thinking yourself, well, you married the wrong guy. But you do feel bad for him. Absolutely. I mean, hey, sorry, you're some of the most beautiful kids on the planet. Your dad's not coming back. Your dad did the wrong thing. But that dad would also hide behind those kids wearing a bomb. It's not a drop of bomb to him himself. Absolutely. It's not the same type of human note that it's not, you know, we are. It's not, it's absolutely not. And that was one of the most. That was absolutely one of the most disturbing things that that my guys would have to deal with was insurgents using kids as shields. And thank God, I had some really good snipers that were able to kill guys that were literally using kids as human shields. We had a guy walking towards us wearing a bomb vest and we were using thermal inventors and he had his kid in front of him and he was trying to cover because we had heat signature. He was trying to cover himself so we could get close enough. He's holding his kid out like take my kid, take my kid. And the only reason was he was trying to cover the distance so he could hurt us with his bomb vest, which had glass and trappin' on nails and stuff. Yeah. So I'm here as a body who's going to use his body as a water impulse charge. So no, it's not naive that I'm saying they're not the same humans as us. They're not. They do not, for me to see their same human, you have to have the same value for human life. When I watch Marines jump on top of Afghani and Iraqi kids trying to protect them from a bomb going off, not using the kid as a bomb. Jumping on top of. Not American kids. These are Marines or Navy's or Army guys jumping on top of local kids, indigenous kids to save them. Different understanding of what humanity is. So we get it. Your question, great question. You can do it. Yep. And you can definitely, and we have done it as a nation. And we are doing it. And we are continuing to do it. I don't think we've had a stronger military. Ever. Guys coming out 15 years of war. The experience, the training. While we have been shrinking for the past five years, money wise. It's given us a dip. We've had to fight wars. They'll war differently. And now, I don't think there's. I'm talking like Spartan, samurai or even the World War II era America. That's the type of generation of warriors that it's small. It's like 0.5%. But they're there. Yeah. No doubt. Next question. Number five. Exactly. How much better are green braise than the seals? At what? I think we have to, the first just like me at, you know, 21 years old. I didn't understand the difference. So every special mission unit has a pretty well-defined mission. And all of them are different. I would never want to get in a gunfight with a bunch of Navy seals on a boat. Anywhere near the water. I mean, within like miles of water, it would be just a catastrophe. I also don't think that there's any bun on the planet, besides special forces that can do a force, force multiplier like we can. You can take 12 of us. You can drop us in Venezuela. Leave us there for six months. And we probably overthrew the government and place the president, the new president, in place, and running the economics, the power plants, the commerce, transportation, and like each of us, the 12 of us, have like married at least four or five Venezuelans. You know, be like, that's, that's, people don't understand why we have to speak other languages, why we have to go through economic. And you know, geopolitical classes, it's because we're different. The missions are different. What we're supposed to do is different. And because of a different mission, we end up with different products. And those products are a group of dudes that are the baddest dudes that plan it on the planet for what they have to do. Yeah. And I mean, I left that question there for a couple reasons. Number one was because it, I thought it was kind of funny. You know, whoever wrote that had a sense of humor. And, you know, the real question, you know, which is still to me, was just about really defining. And I'd say the exact same thing that you'd say, I would add this to it. You know, yes, you know, you look at Rangers, you look at seals, you look at Greenberry, you look at Marsock, and everyone's got their own little specialty of what they're really good at. And as a whole, though, they'll be better at that than the other group. And then within the seals, within the Rangers, within the, within SF, you got different levels of guys that are in there. I know you probably work with some seals that you thought, what are these guys? And you probably work with some guys that you said, damn, I'd love to work with those guys. And the same thing with me, I've worked with some SF guys that I thought to myself, man, these guys are just, these guys are unbelievable. I would do anything for these guys. And sometimes you look at them, you go, I wonder how these guys made the through. You get to teams. I get to teams. I'd be like, did you really pass selection, dude? Yeah. That's one thing that's really hard for the American public to understand is that there is, and I've explained this a bunch of times in the podcast, that there's a bell curve just like any other organization. There's the top guys that are, you know, battoldly badass. Guys, it just made it through. And then there's a bunch of guys in the middle that are totally solid guys that get it done all the time. And then there's a bunch of guys that just, they barely got through and they skate. And that's, you know, that's part of the way it is. But one thing I can tell you for sure is the special operations community, I don't limit my respect for the special operations community alone for me, working with the army, the conventional army guys, the Marine Corps. They're always good. There are always good. There's their consistent life. You're a rifle company? Yeah. Awesome. Can I please work with you? Because you just want to, like a bunch of pit bulls that have been locked up in a cage and they just get prodded every once in a while and maybe they go and tear something apart and they get thrown, like some raw meat and they're like, oh, this is good. You know, do I get, what do I, what do I get to kill to get another piece of this meat? Yeah. The Marine Corps really is an outstanding organization. And then there's units within the army that are unbelievably just square in a way professional and they have a heritage behind them of glory for lack of a better word. And so I'm a huge fan of the entire military, the entire US military. You know, but like you, are you proud to be a seal? Yeah. I mean, I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you Green Brake. You know, I'm like, when Army plays Navy, like, I don't know crap about football. You know, but I'm like, go, just for flying out loud, beat Navy, you know, for once in this decade or the end of their century. To be honest with you, I literally don't care. And the biggest, when we were in our body working with the army and with the Marine Corps, those guys, the sacrifices that they made were so that they were so just impressive, day to day what these guys did. And you know, we had, of course, we do have better training. We do have better gear. And yet those Marine Corps, platoon's and companies would be out there doing, I mean, their first one they're living in the city. You know, we're going back to a little fob, we got a little bit of video games and the interviews. Huge walls, huge walls, great gym, the protein powder. Exactly. Those guys don't have any of that. They don't have any of that. We air dropped a pallet of porn and protein to a firebase that pretty a bunch of Marines that like saved our lives when we were like knocking on their gate at two o'clock in the morning. We weren't. We were like 200 meters away and we didn't want them all to murder us and they were going to. But like, please let us in our air won't come pick us up. And we got in there like, you guys may need tea rats and they're like, yeah, yeah, we're pretty much a gunfight every single night. You know, like, yeah, do we're taking you guys care? So, God bless all of them. No doubt about that. Next question. Will American ROE that's rules of engagement continue to become more bureaucratic and cumbersome or will the US regain the will to win? Well, first of all, guys there have the will to win and they'll wait to tell people shoot at them. Not like, not like near them. Like, as the ROE is, not like, it used to be if somebody's shot and you heard the gunshot. That's like getting shot at. But now we have to be able to actually say that we were shot at. That's like bullets snapping past your head. Like, that's hearing the whiz and then the crack. That's close. That's what we pretty much have to have. ROE. So, so just let me put some context around that because we don't have not everyone that listens. This isn't a military. Let me put some context around what Tim just said. That's freaking ridiculous. That means you're waiting until you're about to get killed before you take action. If you're waiting for rounds because when rounds are snapping over your head, that means you're under suppressive fire just about. You can no longer maneuver. So, this is like waiting until for a civilian. This is waiting until the knife is at your throat before you decide to defend yourself. That's what Tim's talking about. Yeah. It'd be like a salesman being like your commission based salesman and you see a potential client commit. But you're not allowed to engage him. You're not allowed to. You actually have to wait. Let him pick up the product and then walk over to you and ask if he can buy it. And almost have the customer be walking out the door, had he already set the product down before you're allowed to talk to him. That's when you're allowed to engage him. Does that make sense for my sales perspective? Yes. That does? That go Charlie. Wisdom thrown down. So not good. Not good. We'll see. First of all, the rules of engagement there are not going to be the same here. So I think some places like Afghanistan and Iraq have been capitalizing on and now Syria on our rules of engagement. I know Africa is. Africa is like, okay, we know the Americans are only allowed to go to the last concealed cover position and they're not allowed to directly engage unless they have been actively fired. So they're like, oh, there's the Americans over there. We're not going to shoot at them so they can't shoot back. We'll just kill all the Africans who they're there to help. They're like intentionally doing this and they're pretty clever about it. The book Haram. But then right now with the radicalized cells here, the fanatic Muslims that think that they're going to come here and be able to do that? No, bro. Remember Pearl Harbor. Remember the Alamo. Remember 9-11. Shit will be different if you think you're going to come here and play around. Are we? We'll not exist. No. Yeah. Not here. Done, done, done. There's a lot of political correctness that's dear stuff from time to time. It's people killed. It does. It does. One of the things that's coming up a lot in the news right now and we got to ask some questions about it is women, women coming into combat roles inside the military, which, first of all, credit to the women that have served in the wars. And I've seen women, I've seen women in Ramadi rollin' out on Casifax to go out and help my guys. Yeah. God bless them. Fearless. Fearless. Brilliant. Awesome. Totally capable of their respective jobs. Full credit. And then there's a limitation in my opinion as to where you would want to intentionally assign women to. There's things that women can do that we could never do. That is true. I'm in South America. I want to get some intel. I can go into bar and work it for a month before I get one informant. I just spent, you know, $20,000 of taxpayer dollars. You stick girl in there an hour. Yeah. She has 10. She's like, you suck, you suck, you suck, you suck. I'm awesome at this. You just put a hundred pounds on her back and throw out of the back of an airplane. I love women. Their legs are going to break. Yeah. It's just a biological factor of what is it muscular, skeleton anatomy? Anatomy. There you go. Thank you. They're built differently. And thank God they're built differently because I could never give birth. They're way tougher than we are. Right now is like the, we're talking about it. The pinnacle of exercise. Well, one really good way to judge would be the CrossFit games. Very well-rounded athletes that have to have strength, endurance, agility, etc. And are the different standards for a men and women? There are different standards for men and women. So are we going to have different standards and let's say special forces selection? I would hope not. Okay. So if we had the same standard, you had given an example of the CrossFit games. Yeah. I mean, it was interesting. I was watching the finals of the CrossFit games. It was last year I think. And the event, the finals men went first. It was 10 guys or something. And they came out. And the first, they had to do multiple physical activities. The first one was a pegboard like what you had. It was hard. Yeah. They're the wrestling room. They had them in the wrestling room. You had them in school. And you couldn't go home until you did it. And this one was, I want to say it was 15 feet tall. So it's a pretty tall pegboard. And they had to, so the guys come out. They have to go up the pegboard and back down. They get done with that. They have to jump on a, on a rower and row a certain amount of calories. They got then they moved down the line and they're picking up and cleaning or cleaning and jerking weights that were increasing and weight as they went towards the end. And there was a 10 minute maximum time to complete this evolution. So the guys come out. Boom. They go. They all go hard. It's hard. They climb the pegboard. They come down. They row the row. They lift the weights. They're done. Everybody finishes. They give the guy the first place. Okay. Cool. Then it's the girls turn. And they have it set up for the girls. They're doing the same thing. They make the weights a little bit lighter. But they have the same basic concept. And the girls come out. And these girls, they look as big and strong as I do or you do. And I'm not kidding. These girls are beasts. They're amazing. They're amazing. Across the athletes are beautiful. And they come out and out of the eight or 10 girls that goes into the first thing and hits the pegboard, only one of them can make it up. They're tough. And the other seven or eight or nine athletes can't even get up it. And then the girl, it took her so long to get up the pegboard that when she got to the roller, she was exhausted. She got done with the roller and she didn't complete the rest of the course because she ran out of the ten minute time a little bit. Yeah. And to me, I'd never really had fought too much about the physicality. I always figured, you know what, you get a girl that's in good enough shape. Maybe they could make it through some of the training that is required for special operations. But when I saw that, it really did leave an impact on me mentally of how different it is. And I'll tell you another thing. I was at my gym several years ago and I hadn't rolled with a girl of jiu-jitsu for a long time, right? Maybe played around. And all of a sudden we had a girl that was coming into town that was a black belt in jiu-jitsu and was a multi-time world champion. And great technique and so I said what I was going to want. And so we were on the mat and she's like, you know, hey, you want to roll? And in my mind, I thought to myself, okay, you know what? I got to bring my egg game right now. Yeah. I mean, this girl's a world champion. She's not a small girl, you know? I mean, she's a 165 pounds and you know if you make a mistake against a 165 pound black belt, you're going to tap. That's it. So I say to myself, you know what, I got to, I got to be careful. I got to kind of bring my egg in here. And we shook hands. And as soon as I like, grat and with the ghee, as soon as I touched her ghee and she touched mine, I just realized there's no way that she could ever submit me. Yeah. I mean, unless I just was completely, it just wasn't going to happen because she just didn't have, she just doesn't have the strength. Yeah. Well, I want to talk about that. You know, how long you've been doing more slarts? 20 something years. I was just talking about this the other day. Like we can within a second of touching somebody, having an idea about what they can do. I mean within seconds. So like this isn't just like you, you know, in this misogynistic sexist way, we're all in with this girl. She doesn't have a chance after I touched her. That's not what it was. This is like one of the best grapplers on the planet and a Navy SEAL and amazing black belt and an instructor that legitimately had the revelation, the like realized that this isn't possible. Yes. And actually echo you described a story last week. The first time he ever he was a white belt. And the first time he ever trained with Dean Lister, as he said, as soon as he touched him, as soon as he locked up with him, he goes, oh, I can't do anything. It's a sky. So I failed to mention that. Yes, when you're a grappler, as soon as you tie up with someone, second. You go, oh, this is going to be tough. This guy doesn't really know anything. You even know things like, hey, I got to watch out for this guy's, you know, head position. Or he's really good. You can feel all that just by a clench. And so yeah, that's what I so I should have stated that. But as soon as I made contact with her, I said to myself, wow, I was a, I was mistaken because this is no factor. So let's say, one in a thousand women could make it through one of our respective selections, which I think might be a little unrealistic, honestly. I'm thinking more of like one in five, thousand could, could do it. That still doesn't mean that they should be there. I must say they shouldn't or they should. We have to see what it can't be is dictated that we have to do it. And then second, we can't change anything. Otherwise it undermines the entire idea of being special. If you have a special unit and there's a special requirement to be there, that requirement has to stay the same. If you're going to then change that requirement, you've then changed the unit. And then you've undermined the woman earning her chance to be there. It's going to change the chemistry. It's going to change how the team is going to function. Not for the worse, not for the better. We just don't know what that's going to be. Yeah. And it's not just, first of all, it's not just special operations. It's not just military. I mean, it's any job that requires physical strength. That's what I'm talking about. I'm talking about physical strength. And if you can't maintain, if you can't do what the job requires, if you're a firefighter, you can't pull yourself up a ladder with carrying a 80 pound rope on your back or 80 pound hose on your back. You shouldn't be able to have that job. And yeah. So it's just one of those, it's one of those really tough things because, hey, I got, by the way, I got three daughters. Right. I got one son and three daughters. Believe me, I want my daughters to be successful and I want to do whatever every opportunity they possibly can. But I tell you what, something else. I do not want my daughters going on to the battlefield. If they can't pull one of their buddies out from the street, if they've been shot, that's two way. 230 pounds. So you weigh 265 to 70 with kid on. Oh, more than that. Our kids got lighter. Okay. So like my plates, my first deployment were 24 pounds. Okay. Yeah. Now they weigh five pounds. The whole thing. No, the actual bought, like, just the plates. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, you're saving off 20 years there. Okay. Nice. Just stuff's getting lighter. Nice. Yeah. But they're not going to pick up 285 pounds. I'm going to happen. No, it's not happening. I'm normally a 220 pound guy. Right. And I love I'm a grenade carrying maniac. So while my kit is normally like 20, 30 pounds, I then have a backpack with like 20 grenades because sometimes I'm like, I'm going to flash being this room and sometimes I'm like, I'm going to fry it because I don't want to do it outside. You know, you get guys like you and I appreciate when someone like yourself takes a certain artistic perspective when it comes to combat. And you say to yourself, you know what, these little fragments, I like them. I like what they do. They're so little, but they're so little, they're so big. And I like that. I like people that have that artistic expression that they utilize at combat to express themselves. It's a beautiful thing. So so for an opportunity. But that's the political correctness and bureaucracy in the military. Not a good thing. Right. Jeez. Here's another one. How do you stay positive having seen the absolute worst in humanity? Oh man. Easy. I have a beautiful burnette. I'm going to do a huge iteration here. Beautiful burnette, busty, babe. That's banging in the bikini. That will drink bourbon with me. Boom. Yeah. Boom. Yeah. I have heard kids and women scream that I threw a grenade into the room. They're having their dad shoot from. Get nightmares from it. Yeah. I've seen Doc donkeys go down wells because the village lied to us. Yeah. I've watched bombs get dropped on entire villages where I knew that there are people like not bad people. They're good people, near bad people. And watch the all the buildings crumble. I love life. I love my wife. I love my kids. I love a sunset. I appreciate art. I play the piano. I wish I could appreciate beard. I'll have a powertrain for it. But like everything about life is that much sweeter because I know how nasty and ugly it is. And if at any point I forgot why I fight and I forgot what right was and I forgot what humanity is. I'm done. The moment where I was like I want to go kill something. I'm good at it. I'm good at war. There's nothing else. I'm good at it. And there's that temptation because you're good at something you want to go do more of it to go and spend time doing that. If I ever had that realization that I'm actually doing that, I'm done. I've turned my gun in. I'd go be a salesman. I draw out cell keys. I don't care. Now I'm talking smack about Tia. Kias. I'm just or a Hyundai. Whatever. And this is a subject that comes up that I think people want to understand in the civilian world. And you've definitely nailed a perspective that I think most guys feel. And I would say on top of that, is that war while it does expose you to the worst part of humanity in my mind forever. I will, I don't think I will ever see anything as moving or as beautiful as men rolling out into a horrible place day after day, night after night, risking their lives directly, indirectly for their country, for the civilians that are there that they're trying to protect and for each other. Now, to go to Memorial Service after Memorial Service and realize that these are, and again, I always trying to remind everybody that listens to this. When I say Memorial Service, I'm not talking about a dog tag and somebody in a uniform, I'm talking about a kid talking about a person and a person that sacrificed everything in everything, everything they are. And everything they ever will be. And so yes, war will show you the worst part of humanity, but that right there is an incredible part of humanity. And I don't care about the politics of it. I don't care about any of that, but you're talking about men that will give their lives for their friends. And when I have that in the back of my mind, then that makes it very easy for me to stay positive and very easy for me to wake up in the morning and say, I'm going to do my damn this today to live a good life and do some good things and try and honor those guys. So I don't think war makes you worse, I think war makes you better. Those services, those memorials, they're not like just some dude had a young, young S.F. guy night and his wife was like, why don't you bring him back to me? You know, you want to just like to lose him, you know, do you know what we had? You know, you didn't know him. I was like, bitch, please, I didn't, I sat there and took it, you know? Like what do you think we said there to talk about as we're staring at a tree for 12 hours? Yeah, you know, I know what your fart smell like, woman, I know what his favorite panties were on you. I know every single kid, name of it, all of your kids, when their birthday is, you know? You don't think you think you know him better than I know him? How much time did you spend with him in the past five years? You know, day and night, 60 hour straight, taking his blood, you know, being covered in it. Like we know, like this isn't just some memorial, you know, we need to sacrifice that you're talking about, it's, there's a different level of, you know, we're talking about intimacy, the brothers, and when we say it's about the dude standing next to us, it's not just some dude. You know, it's not some cliche line in a movie. Yeah. Like these are dudes, when we say with diaphragm, it's for a reason. It's because we've know it never known somebody that close and never will forever, and they're the best dudes on the planet. Yeah. You're right over there, Uncle Charlie. Yeah, it's getting heavy for sure. I kind of used to it though. You're sure you used to. Dude, when he starts talking, I'm just like, what is the next word? There's too much space because I can't take it anymore. Shit, dude. Yeah. All right. Let's bring it back to you a little bit. I won't say a lighter question, but a little bit of a of the easier question. If a non-fighter wants to learn physical self defense, where and how can they start? First of all, in your head, stop calling yourself a non-fighter. Whatever that is. Every board, every dude that comes out of the giant and in my opinion, has the capability to be a fighter, if you just so chooses to be. And I think every dude is a fighter. So first, turn the switch on, stop being a pussy. All right. Sorry. Good. No, that's actually a fax for information. Yeah, that's the big thing that we've got. Our predators. We're predators. Yeah, we've got the eyes, our eyes are in the front of our head. Right. Then I didn't talk for this side. Yeah, they're not on the side. Over here, we're watching out for the attacker. But the predators. We're the predator. Yeah. So you're, you are correct. I can't see you right here. I can't even see what's right here. Turn my head. So yeah, that's okay. That's good. Start with the mindset where you're going from there. So you're asking the question, it's really to me just a choice. Anything's better than nothing. And then of the, whatever that anything is, then there's degrees of better. There's, I don't think there's like a right or wrong. You know, you can do Krav Magha. You can do Muutai. You can box. You can do Jujitsu. He'll crossfit has self defense now. But anything is better than nothing. But then the degrees of what that is, get, you know, I think a little bit better. For me, the foundational martial arts are always the best to start. Wrestling, boxing, Muutai, Tujitsu. You know, you, you step up against a guy that has a little bit of knowledge in any one of those. They're appearing in the ass. And then let alone if he has a little bit in all of them. Or he's really good at one of them. This case you're asking, bye. You're going to sleep. Yeah. Yeah. You've, you've heard me say the same exact thing actually. Yeah. Do you jitsu? I always say, start with Jujitsu. The reason is you already have a natural defense for someone trying to strike you and that is run away. You know, someone's if you're coming at me and you got a knife or whatever, I'm going to run from you. Yeah. It's okay. It's defense. I'm being defensive. I'm wrong. I'm not. I'm going to be a good. That sucks. No, no, I'm saying like if somebody came, I'm 100% green with you. I was like, hey bro, give me your wallet. I was like, I've got to catch me first. Yeah. Exactly. Let's see if something that travels a few days. You have to defend yourself is if I grab a hold of you and now you've got to know how to grapple some kind of grapple. Right. You've got to be able to get out of that. And so that's why I say start with Jujitsu. And then for me boxing only because I think it's easy to learn then Moitai. And you want to learn a little bit of basic striking. And then Moitai and wrestling. I mean, you can just get started into them too. But the beautiful thing is in America right now, there's all these places to train. There's a Jujitsu school in every city. Every corner. I mean, I live in San Diego. So I guess it's actually completely out of control here. I could have taken you on a tour of like 74 totally legit Jujitsu places in San Diego. And now they all have Moitai. They all have boxing. I'll have everyone's doing everything. And so what do you think about like the self defense oriented martial arts? So would you be talking about like Krav Maga? Yeah. I think those are good augments. So I think once you have a base of Jujitsu boxing wrestling and Moitai, then I think cool. Now learn some Krav Maga because they're going to start looking at weapons and they're going to start looking at knives. I think it's good. But I think from the beginning, I would rather invest my time in the the the big four. Yep. I understand agree. I think the foundational pillars. Right. Right. Then you can do anything you want to make. Speaking of that, there's some of that asked about SD response. I'd like to hear more about SD response. And if Jujitsu is going to be involved. At lunch today, he took me to barbecue. And I was like dude, you have to come to one of these. He's like, I do these. And I was like, I know that ours are fun and the Texas. You know, then when we're done, we'll hop into Helicopter at Go Play. You got you Lord me down to Texas like 47 times today. It's got to happen. Everything I like food, shooting, working out, Jujitsu, machine guns. I mean, yeah, I said I might not come back once I get down there. Yeah. Well, we'll take a camera and we'll film most of it. You're going to see Joko, like, we're going to hook him into the side of a little bird. And so people get mad sometimes when I talk about hunting, you know, until you come and do it, shut your face. The farmers there pay us to either exterminate the animals or I, when you're going to come and stay at my house, we're going to eat elk. We're going to eat bison. You know, we're going to eat some remarkable bear. Nice. And not a lot of wild pig because the pig their tastes like toilet. Well, I get mad when you talk about hunting, because I want to be doing it instead of you. I tell you that, like talk about talk about, because the people that might not know about the SB response thing, the sheep dog response. Sheep dog response all about. So sheep dog, it was a phrase coined by Colonel Grossman. And he used it as this metaphor that you got the sheep, which is like the normal people. And they just kind of cruise around eating grass and living their lives. And they're naive about the predators that are out there. Then you have the wolves. And those are the things that we need to sheep. Grass doesn't taste good when you got canyons. These are here. And so the wolves want to eat the sheep. And there's nothing that would stop them. And this is in the reality of kind of I think the millennial generation is we've got a bunch of sheep. I mean, if like the sheep war really tight pants, flannels, had beards and never carried an axe before, didn't know how to change the oil, didn't know how to break down a gun, didn't know how to clean an animal, let alone kill it. If those were the sheep, then that's what we have. The thing that separates them is the sheep dog. And the sheep dog is genetically more similar to the wolf than anything else. It has the same natural instincts. The only difference is that it likes sheep. Not dead or blood in their mouth. It likes keeping the sheep alive. So that's what sheep dog is. We give people skills to make them be the hardest person somebody ever tries to kill. So if you're going to go and get an gun fight with somebody that's come from a sheep dog course, you better be damn good. If you think you're going to go hands on and start tustling with a guy that or a lady that's finished sheep dog, better plan on it being bloody and violent. Because when they come and they finish that course, we have requirements for you to finish that course. People are afraid of their own blood, but not one of our students. They've seen it. They've seen it on top of the person they're training with. And it's not this frightening thing. It's like, cool, the fight just got started. So that's what it is. We are putting confidence and technique and skills into people about being hard to kill. Yeah. And I took a look at some of the videos and stuff and it's something that people have been actually asking me for and I mean the process of setting it up, but I think that the videos I saw looked awesome and anybody that can get to one of those courses no matter where you are because it will cover anybody on the spectrum. I could go and I'm going to get something out of it and someone on the complete other end of the spectrum. Echo could go. It's not true. I bring guys like Jake Sine's Alex Acosta, Tim Budo, Blake Hayes. So just in that group we have a couple of professional competitive shooters. So every time I do one, you're getting better. I'm getting better. Like I'm trained with Alex Acosta. Like, but my point was you have women that never shot a going before in that classroom. Is that right? Yeah. Yeah. Both are first two. We've only done two civilian classes. We've been doing military and law enforcement for a minute. And it's on fair in this society that we're at now. It's sad that we have to give, the things that you know, I think it would be a huge disservice for you not to share the ways them like you do to a society that is now vulnerable. So that that was like, it's selfish for us not to do this and it's, I think, inhumane. So when our first two civilian courses, both courses had people that had never shot a gun before. Now I'm not encouraging you to come to a sheep dog course if you've another shot a gun before because it ends up being a huge pain in the butt for us because then I have to put somebody with you the whole entire time and that instructor could have been used to help other people get better. So it's a little bit self-selfish. So if you're going to come to a sheep dog course, I'm not going to say no. You know, you got to learn this stuff to say alive. You have people in trains that just walk out of bathrooms with machine guns. They go to a Christmas party in San Bernardino and start mowing people down. You know, like this is a different era. Like we can't, we can't. And the cops and law enforcement cannot be everywhere all the time. And what's the average response time in America? Four minutes, six minutes. And that's if you're in like a night in a city with a lot of cops in it, you go out in some rural area. Yeah, you're talking to us. We're talking like 20. Yeah. So you are like you do not. Here's the reality. You are your first line of defense. And you might be your only line of defense. So invest in yourself and learn some skills. If you got money and you're going out there and you're buying a $2,000 gun, don't buy a $600 gun and then come spend $1,400 in train with you. You know, cool. Play your jacket. You know, like you need a $500 gun and a $100 site until you get to a pretty high level. You know, like stop wasting your money. Get the skills, get the skills. Well, I think that thing sound awesome. And I'm sure I'll be doing something with it. Have in my good times. Okay, next question. For both of you, I would like to know the most influential book and why the you got many influential books. Okay. Yeah, I mean one book. I think the idea of always searching for knowledge is more important than the actual single book. I mean, I read right now reading this book on the War of Electricity. It was AC versus DC. Oh yeah. The huge electric chair. Yeah. Yeah. It's a great story. Like, it's a great story. It's almost split the nation. Yeah. There are, it's like, direct current or alternate current. But direct current so much more powerful because I can take a little bit 12 volts and I can kill an elephant. But it takes 120 volts to do the same thing. So, Edison, you know, he backed the wrong thing and he was too proud to admit it. And so I'm learning it. Done. One about maybe putting your belief in the wrong thing and how damaging it can be and how much damage you can do if you're that thick-skilled stubborn, you know, or just setting your ways and how important it is to be able to always be a fertile soil that's searching for more nutrients. You know, there's no doubt about that. And I think that's one thing that's been coming out of this podcast is I got so, because I review books of a podcast. And I get all these people now tell me, read this book, read this book. I'm reading more right now than I did when I went to college and I was an English major in college. I got people just saying, I'm getting books, I'm getting books in the mail. Oh, somebody, one of the troopers just sent me the one wolf. He's like, hey, I sent you a book. This is too valuable. Some seven hundred pages each. I said, man, that's going to be all my list, but that's going to be a brutal read. I mean, that's going to be heavy. But absolutely reading all the time is what it's definitely happening. I know, we know Echo has been on a reading rampage. Big time. Direct result of the podcast. Sure story. Anybody, any of the asks this question? There's only one book that I refer to all the time as the most influential book. I've ever read, which is about face by Colonel David Hackworth. And I've read it many times and I always go back to it because it's a great book about a war and leadership. And that's why I read it all the time. But I got a stack of books. Jerry fiction ever? Barely. So I actually read, I split my time between fiction and non-fiction. And I get a ton. I love, especially in the times that we're in right now, reading like French Revolution era stuff. I love learning about the why of the thing. You know, why countless times the French people over through the government, why they went and they started abhitting the rich class, why they went hung or then built the guillotine. Or, the why of the thing. Not the how. I get that. And whether it's like Alexander Dumont or Victor Hugo, it's like, I get a lot out of that. And then I also get a ton of wisdom. You know, when I'm reading the Colonel Montacristo, when that priest was digging with who would then in the Metamorphosis as he's crawling through those tunnels and emerges than as the count, the amount of wisdom that that priest gave him about ruling governments. I look at that for our government right now. And it's profound. So I don't limit myself while I love reading non-fiction and learning, you know, like I am like the book I'm reading right now. All based in real fact marketing, science, engineering. I love going back and it's not it's not brain candy, you know, it's not I'm just sitting here chewing on, you know, some crap. It's a identity reading romance novel. Yeah, it's mud. I get a lot from, so I split my time between fiction non-fiction 50 50. Yeah, I don't. And sometimes I'll try. I'll tell me about a great fiction book. Yeah, and I might give it a try. But in my perspective, you know, you're talking about the, what is it? The why? I always like to figure out, like when I read about war, I like to think about the psychology of what's happening with the guys, especially from a leadership in a follow or perspective of what guys were thinking because that to me was always the most fascinating thing about what was going down. Was we got to get all these guys to do this or my boss is trying to get me to do that and how does that work and these most intense scenarios. So from Tim Kennedy get out there and read people. Next one. Love to hear Tim's thoughts on combatives, how grappling changes in full kit with multiple people, etc. It doesn't change. You know, like the basic fundamentals of how to punch somebody remains the same. You give, so like the body is to me as a chassis. Right? It doesn't matter what you put on me. You can give me more or you can take away less. My this chassis is still a killing machine. Right? Now the only thing that changes is my lethality. The type of damage that I can do. It's like a Honda Civic, right? I just, it can go faster or it can run another road and get 38 miles to the gallon. Right? But it can change out the exhaust or you could put some nitro or you could put in some wheels. You know, eventually what was just a vehicle that could drive down the road can drive down the road kind of fast. So it's just a basic chassis that you can expand or, you know, to track from. So this chassis, this particular one, so I don't normally headbutt people. If I'm wearing an Opscore helmet, I'm a headbutton machine. What did you say to me? PAH! Headbutt! You know, I was like, oh yeah, where gloves that have like carbon fiber across the knuckles, brings the bittslap back. You know, like, no, again, I'm not being a misogynist. I do not encourage people to ever bittslap and I realize this is a sexist term. But if I ask you question and you lied to me, know that I want to hurt you in the first place. I believe the politically correct term is the stocked in slabs. The stocked in slabs? Why do the back, the back can't be right? The pimpslap? Yeah, that's not misogynist. Okay. Or maybe more. So really, it doesn't change the skills remain the same. You're just adding kind of the damage that I can do with the more equipment that you give me. That's it. Pretty simple question. I don't even have anything to add. Next one, cheaters. PDUs in MMA and elsewhere. And then plan of action defense for home, this person just threw a bunch of questions in there. Has work on range 15? Oh yeah, and we definitely got to talk about range 15. I'm naked at it. That's. So originally I was supposed to be wearing a loincloth, but I'd been sweating so much that when I tore my pants off, so went the loincloth. It was like actual real skin of an animal. It was like furry and skin when you get it wet. Hunters know this. It deteriorates. And as did my loincloth. So when I tore my pants off to fight zombie Randy Katoor. I'm not giving away anything away because we really do fight. And so went my loincloth. So tell people about the movie naked. Range 15 and Tim Kennedy naked. It is going to challenge everybody's perspective as to what a veteran is. Right, I think this, I don't know what it is, where people look at veterans and they're like they're damaged goods, PTSD or actual physical impairment or just the mentality of they've gone through training that I haven't. So that person is now a freak. Not even to mention the climate that I think is encouraged from the government to treat us differently. This movie is not very gingerly. It's going to cover those topics. It will absolutely offend what I think to be about 70% of this country. From what you told me about the movie today, I'm going to go ahead and up that number to 90% and I'll tell you what, when you were telling me about the movie today. So what's who made it? What's his name? Primary. So Matt Best and Matt Best. Nick Paul Mishano. Matt Best owns a company called Article 15. Range Rup is our company. So that's what's called Range 15. Article 15 and Range Rup. Pretty clever name. Very, very creative. Army. That's Army. Sorry. Listen, you fell a sophisticated cosmopolitan. We all are officers and the military. So Matt and Nick were the masterminds behind that. Matt is our main character. He's our hero, Numerou, and he's good looking man. I've seen a couple of things that he's done. He's obviously a funny guy. They put together this movie. They did it through Indy GoGo, which is some sort of a crowdfunding deal where you get money from people. It's the public. The public just gives money and you raise how much money? A few million dollars to make this movie. And then we had like people from then we had sponsors. People that are in the community that like believed in the product like Gerber and I have two of them sponsored by weapons manufacturers. We had like people that make has Matt suits. A coffee maker. Awesome. And they're like, we just want this movie to be made. And then people on Hollywood wanted when they saw that we were like breaking the mold because Hollywood is stuck. It's a cesspool of inhumanity and selfishness and greed. That's what that industry is. It's it's damn near evil. When everybody that has been suffering has been suffering by that the organization of what Hollywood is saw that's a bunch of veterans that didn't give it anything. And we're like we're going to make a movie and it's going to be the most offensive movie and everybody in this whole city. Hollywood is going to hate it. They started helping us. They're like, wait, it takes a few hundred thousand to rent a red camera. We'll give you three for you to use the whole time. We had guys that were like $2,000 a day type directors, directors of photography that would step up and I'm just going to volunteer my time for three weeks. You're like, so we can't pay you the 50 grand for a week that you normally make or the further for the shot and they're like, it's cool. Yeah. So there is something, when you were telling me about the movie today, this is what I think about what you told me. There is something about special operations community that is very secret. It is something that's never been revealed to the public. It is something that is I would say it's even beyond top secret. This is a highly classified information in the special operations community. We might have to kill you echo thoroughly. And what it is and it's something that I seriously have never seen come out. The public, you guys talk about missions they've done but no one has ever talked about this fact. And that is that the special operations community has an insane sense of humor insane. And the reason it doesn't get released is because it's in my belief it is not previously been an anyway remotely acceptable by the human, by the normal people, by the populace. And what you told me in the summer that scenes you told me about today, they are going to shock. They are going to shock. And everybody from spec ops and most guys in the military are going to look at them and they're going to laugh and they're going to think it's funny. They're going to be laughing so hard and they're just going to see them normal to us. It's going to be seen normal to me. I'll be like, oh yeah, classic of course you're doing that. But I think like you said, I mean Hollywood is going to be beside themselves. They are. They are going to be completely beside themselves. This may start a revolution. I hope so. This may start a revolution and I this may start a revolution with what you told me about it today. And I know that everybody that's listening to this podcast is going to go see this thing. A media and I think it's going to be phenomenal. So I'm looking forward to it. When it comes out, the movie is called Range 15. And it's going to be in general release. It's going to be in theaters. Yeah. Yeah. June 15th. So the premiere is at the military GI film festival Memorial Day weekend. And that's going to be in Washington, DC. And then two weeks later is the wider lease. Right now we're in 8 or 900 theaters. Oh, that's just going to keep going growing. That's awesome. PDs stop using them. Yeah. Pretty straightforward. I hate them. So I get a lot like you have a big mess of more physique. Right. And somebody looks at you. They're like, oh man, look at that big old guy. You know what what what Royce does he use? He's like, it's all hard work. I've been an athlete since I was six years old. You know, my dad was an Olympic-loatheat. My brother is like 10 times the athlete that I am. My sister was she started an athlete even before we were. Um, like throw stones at me. You saw to test me every week. The military tests us all the time. Still to the day. I was good tested. Last month I got tested like nine times. I have always been clean. I will always be clean. Yeah. And just for those of you that don't know for those of you that aren't MMA fans, you've fought a lot of guys that weren't clean. Yeah. And that's just, you know, I've since been in the MMA community and sparring a lot of guys and fighting a lot of guys. I've gone with guys and just so everybody understands. When someone goes on steroids, you can feel it. You can absolutely feel it. They work. They work. They work. They work. They make you stronger. They make you recover faster. And so the fact that you've gone in the in the cage on multiple occasions and far guys that had that massive advantage and you've beaten them, awesome, awesome work. And it's a bummer that that's out there. Self respect, integrity. Yeah. You have more of an outspoken opinion about it. See, then like the next guy. Yeah. I mean, so I've been professional athlete for 14 years. Like the pride peak of guys dripping and a ball of steroids. Like, I mean, not like, I used in fight camp. I mean, like, they took hyper-dermic needles and shoved them into their eyeballs right before the fight. Fight. You know, the vendor they silva, like, Jewish, like, he's up on the ring screaming. And he probably hasn't even remembered like the last four days because he's been in a steroid rage leading up to his fight. That was the that is the era of MMA that I came from. Right. And my so my entire career has been that and I'm not bitter that like, you know, I, I, I fought in lost titles. Um, and yeah, maybe they would have gone differently. How did I cheat it or they weren't cheating? But that's not what it's about to me. It's I've been a martial artist since I was a, since I was a kid. So a martial artist has to do with ethics and integrity and hard work. You know, like the pillars of what being a martial artist is and every one of these guys spits in the face of what I think this sport is supposed to personify. All the beauty that exists in martial arts um, stripped away every time one of these guys test positive. That's why. Yeah, that's a, I'll leave it at that. I'll leave it at that. Well, we're on it. The next question is, why not make one last UFC run? I do it. Yeah, are they, are you going to fight again with what's on you on the schedule? Are they calling you? So I suppose to deploy in mid May and then the beginning of June. So I know I'm going to leave and mid to a May and now again, I got to break some stuff down for some civilians here. Right. Tim, who's doing all this stuff we sitting in the room with me right now, who's got done doing a photo shoot today, who's making movies. He's going on deployment overseas to go hunt down and kill bad guys in a matter of months. I'm retired. Right. He's still doing it and he's doing all this other stuff and he's fighting for the UFC now that UFC, I mean, you should be the absolute poster boy for the UFC for the love of God. Sorry for interrupting you. Okay. So you're going to go on deployment for your nation. And so my, one of my management told them that I get back on this date and from this date until this date, which is when I leave again, I'll be 100% down to fight anybody they say. So one last UFC run, I wouldn't even limit it to last the, I'm ranked whatever six in the war seven to six or fifth in the world right now. To me, I'm a fight away from a title and I think I can beat everybody above me. And I think you can too. So let's hope that the folks at the UFC pay attention to this. I mean, you got a guy that's a veteran. That's a hero. That's a hard worker. That's never let you guys down pop and positive. That's training his ass off. And you know what, besides all that, he's getting ready to deploy again. So that you can have the damn UFC. How about when he gets back, you tell him how much time you need my brother, you tell us when you want to fight and who you want to fight. If I was day to fight, I'd be like, oh, you know what, this whole, this whole UFC schedule is based on Tim Kennedy. I like that. That's who we base the UFC schedule. I won't sound of that. Not on what some other person that's not ever served. So hopefully, day to white, if you're listening, my name is Jocco, give me a shout. I'll lay this out for you and explain to you how this needs to work. Okay, let's do this. Love it. Yes, seriously. All right. Important sub-recovery within your training program. And this is by the way, this is from Sornx. You know, guys that make weight racks. Yeah. Well, you know, for recovery, be important. You have to have down the hard work to need it. So I think a lot of people focus on recovery all the time when they seriously. I can't do that today. I'm on recovery. Yeah. I got to cut out therapy or ice bath or get a massage or acupuncture, you know, like bitch go train hard. You know, like these calcers cut off, you know, like weekly, it's from hard work, you know? And I think recovery is as important as training. But first, the training has to be there and it has to be hard enough for it to warrant needing recovery. Yeah. And I was, I always say when when I was training fighters, I don't do a lot anymore. But when I was training UFC fighters, it was so obvious when they were overtrained. Like they'd go from, you know, they'd be given me a hard time on the mat or whatever. And all of a sudden, I'm just annihilating and I go, yeah, hey, day off, man, go eat two stakes tomorrow and just relax. Easy. But, you know, some guys, I need a couple days off. You don't need a day off. I think it has more to do with lifestyle than recovery. You know, like when people are like, hey, I'm just not being able to put the get the output, the volume that I need to do for work. Well, let's talk about your life. You know, like, we ought to just push you last night? Oh, you were. You were, you were at a strip club. Is that glitter? Suck, get out. Get. What have you eaten this week? Tell me, show me your diet. Did you even have a log? No, you don't have a log? Get out. You know, how much did you sleep last night? Oh, you don't know? Who's what? You drink? Get out. You know, like, when was the last time you had a drink? Oh, last night. Get out. You know, stop talking to me about recovery. If you don't have a lifestyle that's conducive to training. You know, like you want to talk about health of lifestyle, get it out as a sleep. Yeah. Hey, Jack, what does it sleep a lot? It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. Real food. Stop putting crap in your body. Stop drinking. You know, you want to drop you to stostro and you want to talk about these guys that have any like huge problems with stuff, what one stuff he's in steroids. Two, stop drinking. You know, for me, sex day, every day, get it hours of sleep. Work my ass off. I think that a man for a real athlete, man or woman, they have to go to bed tired. I love that feeling. What, like, do you are exhausted? You see that bed and you're like, I can't, can I make it? Can I make it? Can I make it from the shower to bed? Yeah. That's what you're supposed to feel like. We've talked about that on here. That's that's one of my favorite feelings in the world of I get to the end of the night and I'm barely hanging all through dinner. I'm, that's how I get done with dinner. Oh, my god. Okay, we have to crawl. Life starts talking. You're like, baby. There's a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot. And here are the words, but I don't know what you're saying. Yeah, you know. So, yeah, that's, that's great input. Sleep. Eat, right? It's, it's, you can work, man, humans can do a lot of work. It's the body is so adaptive. So, so people that can run ultra marathons and you got people that can deadlift thousands of pounds and where the same species. Right. You know, if people that can like paint the monolisa and there's people that can go and murder villages, same species. You know, like it is an adaptive thing as long as you train it properly. Yeah. Next question. What are the, what are the best qualities slash skills? A person needs to be a great soldier, slash fighter and are these the same. Hmm. I think that there are some qualities in each that complement each other. For example, the regimented schedule of the military does good things for somebody that wants to aspire to be a fighter because most fighters are selfish little tricks that are super lazy and they don't understand what it takes dedication wise to little things like sitting your alarm, being on time to work out, writing a journal as to what you're eating. Not chasing, pussy, oh, night long and that you should go to bed. Like those, that's discipline. That's, that's what that is. That's that word. And a lot of military, not all guys, but a lot of the military teaches discipline. So that is a characteristic that would complement somebody that aspires to be a fighter. And then fighters, you know, like, yes, obviously your learning skills, technical skills that could be lifesaving. You know, it's like you get comfortable sweating, you're getting used to hard work. And, you know, so some of those things are nice, but, um, yeah. So there's some things that do well. I think being a good soldier can make you better fighter and some things about being a good fighter can make you better soldier. Yeah. Yeah. I think for me, the the biggest quality that would transfer both back and forth, soldier fighter and I'll go ahead and throw one more on there. And that's being an leadership position. But to me, it's humility. And I think what makes a soldier a fighter a leader, the most important quality that they can have is humility because the minute that you're not humble is the minute that you stop training as hard as you can. So the minute you say, you know what, I don't need to do that extra work out today. That's a lack of humility because you're thinking all I already got this. I got this in the bag from a leadership position. Same thing. I don't need to train my guys hard. I don't need to show up earlier than my guys because they already respect me. No, you need to earn that respect every day. And so for me, always humility is the most important characteristic of a person because you're not also not learning. Once you're not humble, I don't need to I don't need to roll today. I don't need to hold. I don't need to get on the pads today. I don't need to swing that kettlebell today. I'm already good. Get humble. Get humble or you're going to get humbled. Dude. Boom. That's the range of options. Sorry. Let me put this in my front row fast. It'll be recorded, Tim. You can refer back to me. I don't want you to keep it. I want to keep it. We got all kinds of T-shirts saying that come out of the podcast each time. Be humble. We'll get humbled. Take that. I wrote it out. I wrote it to you. Yeah. That's another good one. Okay. All right. Humility right there. Last. Like learning from external self-sufficiency. It's also the theory of his intellectual property. I did this. I'm sure you'll cut me of giant fat check for the thousands and thousands of t-shirts that get sold without it. Okay. Last question. And I think the reason this question is in here is because a lot of people that listen to this podcast, they're trying to get better. They're trying to prove themselves. They're trying to do good. And we all and we got people of all ages. This one in particular says, if giving a high school graduation speech, what would you advise 18 year olds navigating their first their next steps? Which tell an 18 year old? Oh man. Be humble or get humbled. No. Damn. I know. Dude, we need to make a t-shirt this. You are no I am! You don't know the way that this question gets phrased. And from what the story you told tonight, what would you tell yourself if you could tell your own 18 year old self? What would you tell yourself? Do you do something that you don't know if you can accomplish? If I'm going to climb a mountain, yeah, I could go up to, you know, mission, saying Lewis the Biscuit, which is like a 2000 foot mountain. And I'm pretty confident I could climb that. You know, so Mount Whitney without some training, honestly, we've kind of challenging. You know, obviously a K2 Everest, different beast can do it. Do that. Do that. Do that thing that you don't know if you can do. Stop being afraid of hard work. That's the thing that's going to really determine success or failure. One is your desire to actually do it. And then two, the commitment that it will take to achieve it. Stop being scared. Go and do it. That's what I'd say. My statement, and I put it right on top of that, I would say that not only do you want to stop being scared and do that thing that you don't know if you can do or not, but you know what you got to do is you got to start taking the steps now. Because when you're 18 years old, your life seems like it's going to last forever. And I will tell you right now, it's not going to last forever. In those years go by like a summer's day. In the next thing, you know, you look up and you're 36 years old or you're 44 years old. And that time's gone. You cannot get it back. You cannot get time back. So those dreams that you have, those goals that you have, don't put them off another second. One, not one second. Get on them and go out and make them happen starting right now. Drop them like anything else with an 18. The mic's suspended so you can't drop them. But if you could, that's what I would have done. I just been like, how about you got anything else? Dude, this is awesome. Thanks. Thanks for coming on. You're inspiring. Appreciate it. You're inspiring to all the all nations. Echo, you got anything. I thought it was interesting how a lot of the stuff actually, most of the stuff that Tim was talking about was like what we were just kind of recently talking about in terms of the reading stuff, the stop drinking stuff. Obviously the hard work stuff for whatever but it was, I thought that was interesting. So I as has described this idea of like I prefer a dangerous freedom to a peaceful slavery. The only reason that you can have that is from individual responsibility. For you to have freedom, it's this not this construct. You actually have to take the work and do the work that's associated with it. And, you know what I mean? He's laughing right now because one of my sort of monstrous in life is discipline equals freedom. And the more discipline you have, the harder you work, the more effort you put into it, the more freedom you're going to have. And so as you're describing this philosophy, it's something that we literally say on every it's a chapter in the book that is what I just said like, oh everything you're saying is like locking in exactly what's like, well, he's been saying, oh we're in church. I've been like, hey man, chocolate, hey man, you know, preach it. We actually have one of the only two shirts we have, one is just what equals freedom. So it says, be humble or get humble. That's all we have in that for range of up to make. Thank you. What about what else on it? Oh yeah on it. Yeah, I know all about on it. Yeah, I try there. I train there two days a week. Oh yeah, that's the idea. You realize there are people lies there. You just self-lamentate. What are you use? Shroom tech. Dude, I swear. Like, so I'm like a pretty scientific, I think I'm a scientific guy. So when I'm using something, I'll have like measurable, like tangible numbers, I can do X number of reps or rows. Like how many calories can I burn in 10 minutes on Shroom tech or off Shroom tech. All things being the same day of the week, same pretty much diet, same similar weight. It's more when I'm on Shroom tech. I don't know if it's placebo. I know when I go in on a roll, there's nights where I'm like tuckered out. And then there's nights where I'm on Shroom tech and I'm just like, I don't want another round, anybody else got another round? Yeah, and that's what I'm saying. The later rounds, you really feel it as the rounds go on. Any other so on it? Yeah, if you want to get a Shroom tech or alpha brain on it. Comps are krill oil, right? On it. Comps slash jacco. That's the one 10% off boom. Nice. Yeah, I forgot that's in Austin. It is. Yeah, 20 minutes for me. Click through click through Amazon.com. Oh, yeah, yeah, if you want to be free shop on Amazon, if you want to support this podcast, go to jacco.podcast.com. Click through the Amazon link or jacco store. And then yeah, do you shopping? I should get a little bit of a call. All the time. Hey, go go to jacco. I'm going to jump first. You just so convenient to take my money. Yeah, it's like all I have to do is click this button and it ends up on my door. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's hard not to do Amazon. Yeah, I know it too. Yeah, man. All right, I think that's all we've got tonight. I've won questions. Send it Brian stand in you 2016. Is it too late? I realized the delegates are about to be distributed to a bunch of bitches. I think it might be too late. 2020, 2016 for 2020. I'll have to meet with Brian stand and we'll see what we can do. I don't want like president vice president. I want two presidents. Yeah, I want Brian stand and jacco. I'm in as my two presidents. I don't know after today you might have a little slot in there somewhere too. Not got out. Nope. Nope. You know awesome. Well, hey, seriously though. Thanks for coming on. I appreciate sweet sharing with everybody and most of all. Thank you for your service to this nation. Can never thank you enough for what you've done. If you want to connect with any of us on the interwebs echoes at echo Charles. Tim is at Tim Kennedy MMA and I am at jacco willing and all the troopers are out there that are listening to this. Thanks for listening to those of you that are in the front lines of the battlefield overseas right now serving in our military. Thanks for taking the fight to the enemy. To the police law enforcement fire fighters that are here state side. Thank you all for protecting the home front. And for all the other troopers out there in the world on your job side or in your office or in your manufacturing line or sitting in your cubicle out there grinding away. I want you to remember that the grind is how you sharpen the axe and it's the toil that makes the man. So keep grinding and keep living and go to sleep later and wake up earlier. Work hard and play even harder and have fun while you're doing both and squeeze every minute out of every day and make every second count and the best way to do that is to go out there get after it. So until next time this is echo and Tim and jacco out.