 This is Jockel Podcast number 61 with echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening, I go. Good evening. So it's been a few episodes since we got into the Q&A. So today we're going to go right into questions that come, they actually come from the interwebs. Sure. People out there. So everyone that gives questions, appreciate it. Thank you for the questions. I can't answer them all, but talking to some people out there, if you listen to the different questions, you can figure out your own answers to a lot of them. Yeah. You like learn the formulas and then you can apply. But thanks to the questions. I appreciate it. Sometimes when you, in my experience anyway, when I think, okay, I'm going to ask Jockel, this question and then you either write it out or even when I remember the other day when I busted out questions and when I say them out loud, it was like a few weeks ago and I say it out loud, when I'm as I'm saying it to you, I'm like, oh, I know that. It's already because you think, you know, you realize. So you can kind of utilize that whole. So you've started to get the formulas and your own head. And now as you're saying to me, say, oh, I know what that's. Yeah, exactly. How do I get out of bed in the morning? How do I be mentally tougher? Be mentally tougher. All right, rock and roll. First question. Go. Jockel, hi, Jockel. Today I had what I believe you refer to as disciplinary breakdown. This morning, I found out that I had to take additional credits in college, and that I believe were completed. So he thought they were completely had to take more. That's it turns out in a fit of rage. I took my phone and threw it across the room in frustration. I felt really good at it time, but five seconds later, I regretted because now broken phone. And I lost control of my emotions. So do you have any mental tricks or anything in general that you do when you're slightly irritated or outright furious? Yes, this used to happen a lot more. I started to get soon, I haven't rolled for three weeks. Maybe I'm reading too much into it, but I felt great whenever I was rolling consistently. Maybe. And it don't, well, however, we do know that Jockel suits the soul. So, well, one of the things in me and you've talked about this too, when I realized that losing your temper was a sign of weakness. As soon as I read, as soon as I made that connection, I said to myself, this is week, I'm going to try not to do it anymore. And what's weird is when you're a kid, I don't know if you remember this, but when I was a kid, and you'd see someone get angry and it made you afraid. And so, for a while, I saw it as like a power. You know, it's kind of a way to achieve power that you can lose your temper and then all of a sudden you have this extra strength. And so, when you're a little kid, and when I say a little kid, I mean, when I was 13, 14 years old, I thought, hey, if I go, if I could get that rage going and people are scared, like I used to feel, that's a positive thing. And then, like I said, as I got older, now you're talking 16, 15, 16, 17, I realize, hey, this isn't cool, this isn't strength, that's actually weakness. And when I realized it was weakness, and I didn't realize that overnight, but I started getting the idea that that was weakness. And now, when you see someone that is in control, and even when bad things are happening, they're standing, stilically saying, okay, let me take another look at that, and I'll get it done. You know what I mean? They're just, okay, then you realize, okay, this guy is really unflappable, which is a lot more impressive. So, again, you got to be able to detach from this, and, you know, I like to take pride in the fact that I'm going to keep my cool no matter what happens. And definitely, once I was in the one's year in the civil teams, you definitely want to be that guy that's keeping your keeping your cool no matter what's happening. Whether it's people are doing the wrong thing, or you just want to be the guy that's, hey, okay, come back over here, we need to redo this. You just want to be that guy. That's way more impressive than the guy that says, okay, believe this. Don't be that person. So, and I've talked about this before, what are the pre-event indicators that show you or reveal to you that your temper is about to be lost? What are they? Is it you, clinch your fists, right? Is it you raise your voice and you start doing that stuff? Do you start to have you breathing? Do you flare your nostrils right? Because that's an animal thing where you're going to take a more oxygen to open up the nostrils because you're about to get after it. Do you, you know, you're, does your, your head, you know, shaking or whatever, you're just like these things. So, what is it? What indicators do you have when you know that you're starting to feel that? And as soon as you feel that, you, you detach. You go, oh, that's what that is. That's an indicator and it's a weakness. And I don't like weakness. So, I'm not going to allow it. And then, you know, take a breath. I like to, you know what, here's a good one. You want to, you want to get through that moment, nod your head slowly in the affirmative. Right? So, so when someone's telling me something that's making me mad, I'll just slowly nod my head. Like, I understand, this is the way things are. I accept this and this is, I'm calculating what my next move is going to be. And then you, you see, whatever, you know, guys will count to 10. You know, you tell your little kids that. Tell your little kids when they start losing their temper, you know, you need to count to 10. Count to 10, count to 100, count to 1000, whatever did you got to do. And get control because, like I said, if you're losing control, it's not starting to weakness. Yeah. Is, um, I said this before, where I read this book called mind game, small little book. Talk about anger management, like if people have anger issues, yeah, you realized it was low, or they said it was low self-esteem. They say, yeah, anger issues stem from low self-esteem. And that was really embarrassing, you know, I didn't have anger issues, but I'm saying, if someone ever told me like, oh, you have low self-esteem or something like that, that would be pretty embarrassing. I always thought. And so to me, I took that as an extreme, being so sensitive to the, even the expression low self-esteem, that was like, oh, I can never get angry again. It says right there, everyone gets angry, you know. So that was always on my mind. Anytime I started to feel mad, I was like, okay, I feel mad right now, but I don't want to have low self-esteem. So I better act right, you know, kind of thing. And then after while, just became a bit chill. But the, you know, say like there's a difference between how you feel and how you behave, like you fit your feelings, you know, but then you're not. So you know, you're mad, yeah, these mad feelings. So what are you going to go and straight up behave mad, you know, then yeah, and a lot of people do it. And a lot of people actually behave mad and justify it because that's my true feelings. But again, they're two different things, man. Don't act at your true feelings in front of everybody. Most of the times that's not good. No, not good. Not good. Yeah, the, I dig it though, like, you know, because you know that feeling because if you actually are true feelings, by the way, the reason I'm saying that is if you act on your true feelings all the time, you won't get the long term place where you want to be. Oh, yeah, true feelings do not lead you to your true destination. Yeah, right. They don't. So don't actually, what you're going to keep your true feelings focused on the true destination that you want to be at and the true feelings that you have of the anger and frustration and want to yell at somebody and all that other stupid stuff. You know what you end up with a broken iPhone because you hucked at the end of that. That's what you end up with. Real, how's this? Story time. I'll make it. Okay. So what am I doing for it? It's working a long time ago. Um, name's Chris. So it's driving gets cut off or something, you know, rotary situation. True feelings, right? True feelings. Oh, that guy. I want to beat him up. I want to hurt him. Road raging. Y'all something or whatever. Maybe the other guy yelled at him first. I don't know how who started what, but they pull over, get into a fight. That's kind of in a way at the time that feels like the fantasy right there. We should fight this guy. I hope I the store. I'm going to I hope he's right there so I can fight him. I don't know whatever. That's a fantasy. That's your feelings. So anyway, Chris gets in a fight with this guy on the side of the road, grown adult by the way. Fight to the guy. Terrors his pack. Terrors in. Chris tears his own pack. Yes, in the fight. I don't know if he won or lost. Whatever. But he's coming off. I'm going to go into the store. It's a six month injury. The surgery. Yeah, it did. Can you work with the torn pack? Almost this time, probably not. And all because the guy cut you off or wasn't mine fast enough for it was going, you know, two, whatever. It's one of those things. That's what your true feelings get you. Especially in the moment, especially when it's anger. Yeah, no. That's weird. We'll have to explore that at some point. Because I know it doesn't make sense. I'm not sitting here saying everyone suppress all your feelings. Yeah, all your real feeling. Yeah, but the stupid feelings that you have, suppress those, let them let them manifest themselves over time for a long term result. That's going to be what you actually want in life. Usually the anger. Yeah, anger for sure is wonderful. But anger, jealousy, ego, all those things. Those are all things that if you just act on them all the time, yeah, you're not going to have good times in life. I'm here to tell you. And every single feeling one, your drunk. Next, those are not good. Yeah, don't act on those either. That's right. I let a session based on the book Extreme Ownership to my team at work. I'm not the leader, but everyone, including our manager was very supportive and enjoyed the session. The challenge from a team member was, is there such thing as taking too much ownership? But won't you start feeling guilty about not succeeding completely? This guilt would not be a good thing. Thoughts on handling this. Well, there's definitely a thing of, you can definitely take too much ownership, but that not for that reason. I've talked about this before. If you're taking too if you and I are on a team and I'm a leader and we've got a mission and I take so much ownership that I take, okay, echo, this is how we're going to do everything. You're going to listen to me, I own this and I don't give you any ownership. Now it's not your plan. And so now you don't execute it the best way and you don't buy into it and all that stuff. So that is how you take too much ownership. Takes away the, if you take too much ownership as a leader, you take away ownership from your subordinates and so you've taken. And again, it's, that's over ownership. If I take over ownership. Now, if I give you the mission and you go out and execute it and you mess it up and I say, okay, echo, I didn't give you enough guidance. I didn't give you the support. I didn't give you the training. I'm going to own the mistakes. I'm going to own the failure, overtly, but covertly, if I'm giving you the mission, I'm going to say, hey, you take it and run with it. So that's where you need to be careful that. But guilt for failing is not a valid cause not to take ownership, right? You guess what? When you fail something, yeah, you're going to feel guilty, but it's a different kind of, you have to move a disappointment because things didn't go your way. And I'll tell you when you feel guilty, when you feel guilty, to me is if I know haven't done my best. I know I cut corners. I know I didn't invest the time. I know I, you know, didn't give it everything I could as a leader. That's when I feel guilty. If I give it everything and I've done everything I can and I look back and of course, there's going to be things that you didn't predict, right? Hindsight's 2020. We all know that, there's going to be things where you look back and you say, I wish I would have made a different decision. But you have to, you have to say, okay, so what are you going to do in the future? Be indecisive now? Are you not going to make decisions? Even at that moment when I made the decision, which, which was wrong now that we can see hindsight? Well, what were you going to do? You're going to wait and sit around and do nothing. And now we get attacked. We get maneuvered on. We get the competitor moves or the enemy moves on. So you might feel disappointed that you made the wrong decision. You might feel that type of guilt. But the real guilt for me is if I didn't give everything I could to the situation. So that's what causes guilt to me. Now the failure, an actual failure, it shouldn't cause that level of guilt. It should cause you to dig deep and figure out what happened and want to reattach it. That's what it should do. It should cause you to want to figure out where you failed, where your team failed and what you can do to ensure that never happens again. If you want to call that guilt, you can call it guilt. But that is not a reason not to take ownership. You know, I might call it disappointment. It's a what I'll call it. I'll call it motivation. You know, and you know, I don't throw that work around easily. But if I fail at something, I'm going to be motivated to make sure I get it back on back in line and get that thing squared away. So take ownership. If you know take ownership, get things done right. And if you fail, don't feel guilty. Don't get guilty. Get aggressive. Find the problems and get himself. That's it. Reattach. Yeah, man. Makes sense. Yes, the guilt is what kind of like dang. It's all my fault. Like knowing, you know, taking ownership. Yeah, but it's like, dang, it's all my fault. This failure. Look at everyone's, I don't know. Guy lost his commission or on that. Right. Dang. That kind of guilt. Dang. Yeah. And you know, I say this with businesses, they're, you know, like you just said, you make someone lose their commission because you couldn't get the deal done fast enough. You couldn't give the guy the support that they needed. Now they lose commission. You can be sure. You can feel guilty about that. Is that a reason not to take ownership of it? Absolutely not. It's a reason to take more ownership of it. And be like, okay, buddy, echo. I know you lost commission on that. Here's what I think I let you down. Here's when you need to communicate better. Here's what I need to prepare and be ready to support you next time. So this doesn't happen again. Are you with me, right? As opposed to saying, not taking ownership and saying, well, you know, echo, that was kind of, you know, those deals don't always work out. Maybe you should prepare better. Does that make me feel good as a leader? Wow, makes me feel like an idiot. It's kind of like the swamps of sadness. So the swamps of sadness is like, don't be him. When you get, don't want to visit it. It's from the neverending story. When it's basically you go through these swamps and it's super hard. No, but it makes sense. It's a metaphor for life. Okay. These swamps of movie. It's a movie. It's okay. It's a classic. Neverending story. Yeah, the neverending story. Anyway, the swamps of sadness are hard to walk through them. It's like it's hard. It's a swamp. Quick sand everywhere. Quick swamp, whatever. You know, it's not actually sand. But so you sink. And the more you sink the satter, you get the satter, you get them where you sink. So you got to like, you know, how you say, oh, like, if someone's feeling guilty in this case, or if you get sad, a lot of times you get sad and you're like, oh, I'm such a sad. It's the downward spiral. The downward spiral. Exactly. So you got to fight the sand. You got to fight the swamps of sadness and get aggressive and work. It's not easy. Totally not easy. That's what the why it's a swamp. How do they cover the fact that if you're in the swamp and you're sinking, if you panic, you'll also sink more. Oh, yeah. Then you're getting aggressive because getting aggressive might just be like thrashing around. Now you're running out of breath as you're sinking. Yeah, and they cover that. No, they don't cover that part. That on the metaphor. No, no, no, no. We rethink the swamps of sadness. No, no, well, I don't think that that is for real in the water. You know, when you're in the water, it's something starts going wrong. If you get panicky, your breath is going faster. Your oxygen is going quicker. You're going to die. You have to relax. You have to learn relax. You got to relax. Yeah. And just switching to problems all being moved. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. But it is true that you can go in the downward spiral. And, you know, we see that in people's lives, right? People's lives. They mess. They lose their job. And instead of going cool opportunity, somebody's heavy up on social media today, they're like, lost my job. Good. I got an opportunity to go out and find another job. I'm going to step up. Like, that's what you do. Yeah. Yeah. And as opposed to, lost my job. Oh, no, whatever they do. And now you start going down the downward spiral because now you can't pay you rent. Next thing, you know, you're losing your your apartment. Yeah. And now you can't pay your car payment either. And now you're losing your car. Yeah. So what do we do? How does that help? Doesn't help. Don't panic. Get aggressive. Figure out what you're going to do next. Take advantage of the situation. Yeah. Okay. Let's get it. Next question. Next question. Can you talk about the experience of rolling with Hickson? Oh, you should just call him press where you. I answered this on Twitter. Someone said, how impressed were you? I responded all caps impressed. So, due to, I was, this is back in, this is, well, it's back in the dirt. So it's back in the day. And I was at team one at the time. And so I think we're talking 95, 96 maybe. Maybe even, yeah, 95, 96, maybe 97. I think it was 97. And I was, yeah, it was 97 because I was working in the training department. And I was into GJ2 for us, I was a blue belt. And I wanted to go and train with Hickson. Right. Because if you don't know anything about Hickson for those people that aren't GJ2 players, Hickson is the, he's considered to be the best ever at GJ2. And above and beyond just being the best ever, Hickson Gracie, being considered the best ever at the sport, he has a high level of mistake about him. And, you know, there's a bunch of reasons for that, Misty. And there's a great story. And, you know, where, I don't, you know the story when the guy from Japan challenged him? Yes. Yeah. So, guy from Japan, he beat one guy in Japan and his teammate said, I will fight you at any time. The guy came to Hickson's academy and challenged him to a fight. And Hickson wasn't there at the time. They called Hickson and said, Hey, this guy from Japan's here to challenge your honor. Hickson's like, Oh, he'll be there in 15 minutes. So Hickson came down. They wanted to record it. And he said, No, you can't, he goes, I will record it. I will own the video. And we will fight now. And Hickson annihilated him. And that's one of the mistakes where it's actually the guy came back a little while later and brought him a show gun helmet and a samurai sword or something like that. I think there's some drama before that though. I think the guy went back and was like, yeah, him and like a bunch of people beat me or a bunch of people beat me up and they reported it and then some high, I forget the details, but somehow he was persuaded to just tell the truth. Yeah. Well, they had a video of it. Hickson actually had a video of it. Video exists. Yeah. So, the guy told the truth. And then it was cool. And the other thing that's crazy. Well, the other thing that adds to the mistake of Hickson is that everybody that rolls with them, every multiple time, you know, five times, six times, seven times, world champion, G.J. 2 person rolls with them and they say, I was helpless. The guys that are winning dominating the world championships or saying, you know, he, I was helpless and he's above and beyond anybody else that I've ever rolled with. So, in, you know, Hickson's now probably 50s something and he's not like rolling with the competitive black belts anymore, but this is, you know, five years, no, maybe 10 years ago. He was, he was doing that. And he wouldn't compete, but the guys would come to train with him and he destroy him. And there's some great stories online that a bunch of really good black belts have said, I mean, really good black belts have said, you know, I was rolling with Hickson and he just annihilated me. So, this is for me, you know, I was a boob. But I was a pretty good boob out. You know, you're a Dave for back in the day. And this is the beautiful thing, you know, I was at, I was at SILT 1. And so, there's something to military. You can get no cost orders, meaning, hey, you don't have to take leave, but we'll give you orders to go somewhere. And we're not going to pay for it, because, you know, we don't, we're not going to waste government money or spend government money on what you want to do, but we'll let you go do it. So, I got no cost orders, basically SILT 1 said, hey, you can go up and train. And so, I did that. This is at the old Pico Street Academy, Burr. And it was, the Pico Street Academy was kind of a, it was like a dance studio or something, where they would lay down mats. And I went up there. I think I would think I ended up staying up there for nine days, I stayed at some crappy hotel, around the corner. And when I got there, like Hicks and wasn't teaching, so I go there and I, you know, hey, I want to train. And the guy that was there, Limol, who's, you know, that is right. Yeah, Luis, was a heras, head as, what's his last name? Oh, and I just know, it's Limol. It's Limol. Right. So, Limol, awesome. Judicial guy, awesome black belt, you know, Hicks and Gracie black belt. And so, he's teaching and he's, you know, and I was coming from Fabio Santos, who's another Hicks and black belt. And, you know, my original instructor in Gigiitsu, where, you know, he made all kinds of incredible Gigiitsu guys, Fabio did, you know, you got, it just all kinds, Greg Train, Dean, Higgs, James, Craig Call, I mean, all kinds are really good. High level guys coming out of Fabio. And then there's a hole. There's like another generation of black belts that came out of Fabio too. Who are all awesome guy, Tino, and just a bunch of, really good guy, Eric. Anyways, Limol was another Hicks and black belt, and he was sort of the instructor at the school. So, I get up there and I'm taking the classes and he teaches two classes a day or maybe three classes a day. So, I'm just taking three classes a day while he's teaching, you know, one's in the day and he has one in the afternoon, he has one at night and I'm taking all the classes and I'm learning, you know, his style. And at this time, honestly, the styles weren't, if you go to a different school now, you can, there's a little bit more variance in styles between schools. At this time, man, it was all closer to the source. Right. So, all the styles weren't. So, it was closer to now, now we're actually getting beyond that because now with YouTube and everything and everyone competing so much all the time, there's a much quicker transfer of energy, but five years ago, eight years ago, when you went to a different school, there was a much different style. But at this time, 20 years ago, there was, there was, you know, it all came from the same source, yes. So, it was much more similar. So, I'm going to these classes two, three times a day and there's 10, 15 people, you know, and they're good, you know, we're all probably about the same, you know, he might have been a purple belt or two and Lamaun was awesome, super cool guy, real casual guy. And so, that's what the classes were like, super casual. We'd lay out the mats on the wooden floor and the dance studio and then we'd, we'd train and shoot the breeze, kind of like a Jiu-Jitsu class, just laid back, a little stretch, maybe learn to move or two, had some rolls, a little bit more relaxed, Fabio, Fabio Santos runs of the Esmore Old School and more regimented, you know, Fabio, you're like, gonna get in there, you're gonna do your warm-up and then you're gonna learn some moves and then you're gonna train. Lamaun was a little bit more laid back, cool chill, teaching really good stuff. So, that's Monday and then Tuesday and then Wednesday and then and then Lamaun, you know, in the afternoon or in the evening on Wednesday or I think it was a free-with-day, what was like Wednesday or Thursday, I think it was Wednesday, he's like, hey, Hicksson's gonna teach tomorrow night and I'll just go off. So, so, I come in Thursday night, I'm pulling up in my 1991 ever, like Dodge Caravan pull up and many van man and there's that car, there's more cars, nothing, so now I walk in and it's, there's people everywhere, right, it's crowded, it's crowded, it went from like 10 or 12 people in the class, now we, there's like a hundred people there, I'm serious, we had to lay out like all these different mats and everyone is quiet, no one's talking, it was, I was too old, so Hicksson's there, and he's, you know, like, in a corner, you know, just cool chill and he looks at Lamaun and he, you know, gives him like a head nod in the months, okay, we're warming up and I was like, okay, so everyone gets in the line, they start doing the old school, due to we're running in a circle, silence, like no one's saying anything, it's just silence, and so you could feel the presence of Hicks and there's a hundred people now and there's just ten times as many people and everyone's quiet, everyone's serious and then, you know, we get done with like a 20 minute warm-up of stretchy and exercise, this is just getting after it and then he gets done, he gets to solve a circle and the circle's huge and then, you know, Hicksson, like, walks out into the middle of the mat and then he sits in the center and you can hear a bend-drop, there was that, there was that awesome and then he taught class, he taught class and I took notes and maybe at some point we can go through all those notes that I took but there's one of the most important lessons that I learned about jujitsu as a whole, I learned that during that time and I actually the way Hicks and told it, I've translated into my own way of saying it, but believe me it's close, like, it what it was, what it is, is this, okay and you've probably heard me, I teach this to this day is if you're playing basketball or you're playing soccer, I think soccer is what Hicks and used as the example, if we're playing soccer and I want to, or for playing football, because you played football, if I faint to the left, right, you as a defender, you have to react to me, if you don't move to the left, I'm just going to go left and you're going to be lost. So when I faked to the left and now you move, I can quickly adjust back because I'm one step ahead of you, it was a fake, it wasn't a full commitment so I can get by you because when you put, when you move your weight, your weight is a real thing and you have to place it into the ground and when you put your weight into the ground, it takes a quarter of a second to pull that weight back off the ground and put it in the other direction. So the difference between jujitsu, the guy on the bottom, when you fake me, I don't have to put my weight anywhere. My weight does not have to follow you if you're on the bottom and the guy on the bottom in jujitsu, if you if you suck and jive, my weight, I don't have to plant my weight, that's what's really hard to like faint one way and then run the other way, it doesn't really work and you can you do it, but it doesn't work consistently in jujitsu and so that was this huge lesson to me that I've always remembered and what and the other part of it is was the hip movement and how to move your hips on the bottom and if you don't move your hips on the bottom, you're going to get your guard past and if you don't control the hips when you're passing, then you won't be able to pass the guard. So I have a real, I had a real focus for a long time of how to keep my hips mobile on the ground so that people couldn't pass my guard and it's something that I still concentrate on and when you're passing the guard, if you and again this is another thing you might hear me tell people like, oh you got control my legs, cool you didn't control my hips and you can control my legs, you can put pin them on the ground, I can still move my hips eventually, it'll be a little bit more tricky but I can do it. So those were those two points that I learned from Hixon, I I really focused on them for a long period of time and so that was awesome and then of course I rolled with Hixon because I was friends with Fabio and Fabio told him I was going to be there and so he was a great guy and rolled with me and like I said I was a blue belt and I was a good blue belt, right meaning when I rolled with, when I rolled with brown belts and black belts which there weren't a lot of at the time, I did really good you know I mean we were all competitive at Fabio school at that time you know us guys that were really hard cork as Dean at this time was he might have been a blue belt or a purple belt but we were the guys, Higgs was a purple belt at the time so we were the guys and you know when guys would come from Brazil off the competition circuit to come and train at Fabio's when they'd stop by you know those guys would have a brown belt black belts are going against Dean Lister and Higgs I mean those guys were not getting and it was you know Dean and Higgs were awesome Dean was phenomenal, Higgs was phenomenal and I was in the mix with those guys you know so we were good is what I'm saying so what didn't feel like to roll with Hixon I thought about this and I thought about a way to describe it and this is the way I am going to describe it it's going to be hard to imagine but try and imagine it okay if you ever felt very quick a large amount of very quickly rolling water or flowing water yeah so a river a giant hose a pipe with water like coming out of it and when you stick your hand like you can't barely resist it that much water so imagine that feeling of force but it's not going fast it's going slow it just it don't you can't stop it and wherever you but just like water so it's like that much force but just like water wherever you go to stop it it just goes around it and it was that's that was what what it was like and really really just phenomenal due to it I mean even at that time and remembering back to it it was another level of due to for sure that was was awesome now sorry yeah that's that's rolling of Hixon I still actually I got some mutual friends with Hixon and I see him occasionally and you know the the cool thing about Hixon is he's got a personality that I would love to tell you that he's you know like a stereotypical peaceful warrior master that scenes content with where he's ended up in life and with his experiences in life but with Hixon I get the feeling that he's a guy that fighting is in his blood right and even though he's a mellow guy and he has nothing to prove to anybody I think and it kind of feels like the way I feel he likes the taste of blood you know what I mean and even though I'm kind of the same way like I feel like you know I'm pretty mellow I mean I don't I don't have anything I'm not trying to prove anything to anybody I guess maybe I am in some ways but I'm pretty mellow but I still I like the taste of blood and I love that feeling of combat and that's kind of what you sense that's what I sense from Hixon and so yeah awesome and maybe we'll have him on here sometime yeah X-Curries he does have that mystique though that's it is crazy how bad is you know and it's because it's real yeah because it's real you can go and I guess I said Google Hixon Gracie stories Hixon Gracie Black Belt stories there's stories where he would line up 10 Black Belt and say I'm gonna submit you all with an arm lock on your right arm and he would do it and he would do it and that's and so yeah that build you some mystique for sure yeah I one time I went I was gonna film with him just like a quick video clearly it's me and Halec so we went to Crohn's Academy of Crongraci the Academy and so I get there and he's there already you know and he'd so guys were leaving they were done training guys were leaving and Halec's like hey I'm gonna be like 45 minutes to an hour late so it's just me and Hixon there no hole like everyone's gone so he's like yeah I was like oh yeah I'm here oh no is there to film me I would have been you got your gear gear gear gear gear gear pants on I was scared I submitted to the mystique but no we're you know we were waiting for Halec oh yeah Halec to me and you know later whatever he was like yeah I know he told me whatever so he's like he's kind of just they're looking at me so we just sit down I got to talk to Hixon Gracie for like 50 minutes just about whatever you know and he's kind of looking at me like as if to say like so what up you know who are you what are we doing you know like all cool but he's still Hixon Gracie so my mind kept while we were talking my mind kept going into like jumping outside of my brain and thinking like look what you're doing right now you're sitting with Hixon you know how like after we roll and we don't have anywhere to be we'll be just talking about stuff just sitting there most people that's how and I was doing that with Hixon Gracie just me and him but that's crazy right I mean as you know as someone who knew I know who that is from the beginning even before I even started you did see I know who that is so yeah man I was like how I you know that was funny too is bad that night back in the day he brought he brought his sons one so Hixon was there and Cron was there Cron was a little yeah he did man tiny kid and Fabio told him that I was in the sealed teams and stuff and that's you know so he he told me had a little conversation that's another funny thing he said uh so when we got done rolling it and we were talking like he was the same and he says to me he goes you know say hey you know thanks to Rome whatever he goes yeah he said uh you're you're you're very comfortable in bad positions hey right off we'll take it I'll take it yeah it's I do this to some of those when people used to ask me hey what was it like rolling with Hixon I'd say okay let me get in your guard and then I'd get in their guard and then say okay now and then I'd say okay now just relax and let me pass and then I would just pass their guard and mountain I say that's what it feels like yeah yeah very comfortable in bad that's kind of like after you like box a guy you say hey you can take punches really basically basically your face is tough and that's another thing I mean I kind of held onto that like I always like to come from one bad position yeah Dean it's really good because when you know I train with Dean all the time and so you know there's no one that that I roll with on a regular basis I don't roll with some really good guys but when Dean is mounted on you or when Dean is on side control on you it is insufferable it's a bad position and especially because like I'll roll with I roll with other really high level guys that aren't from our school and when I roll with them if they get a position like that they don't know exactly my every little escape Dean knows exactly knows you know all 14 of my escapes he knows them all so you're more trapped and it's the same with him when I get to position I know what he's gonna do I know and so he and I joke about it you know but neither one of us want the other person to be especially across side you know we don't want that yeah that's actually it's an I guess it's an accident boxing too if you can take punches for sure but comfortable in bad positions in jujitsu is kind of like back when you're talking about the when you're in water and things are going bad yeah don't panic don't panic so if you're comfortable in bad positions that's like you have the ability to yet to not panic and that helps so much because when you panic you gas you're you make stupid mistakes oh yeah and you just you make stupid mistakes so yeah man I'm just gonna push this leg out of here oh no he's grabbing my arm yeah he wanted you to do it's good compliment that next question in podcast 54 the armed forces officer remember that book the armed forces officer yeah one of my 15 1950 edition yeah can you expound on the difference between these two these two seemingly contradictory quotes from the manual a firmhold at the beginning pays tenfold dividend of the team it approach followed by a show of firmness later on from general malone story of the world world one compared with and general malones if you remember the story was there's a messed up unit and he went in there was like all right get squared away get these boards in place get out of the mud what you need to get your uniforms together just tighten about all right like firmness right and then compared to here's a quote it's a mistake for an officer on taking a new post to order sweeping changes affecting the other man in the belief that this will give him a reputation for action and firmness the studying of situations is the overture of the setting of it and that's from general malone and general malone if you remember that one he said hey none of you guys are being these positions unless you would do in things right so I assume that you're doing a good job and we're gonna continue what you're doing that's what he said when he took over so what's going on here is you got two completely different situations and the two situations are one is a guy taking over first situation a known bad situation the troops are lacking discipline they're not executing the mission and if you remember for that story they weren't even doing basic military bearing they didn't they weren't saluting the officers they just had thrown everything out the window that's the situation we got to come and you got to get firm out of the gate that's what you got to do now they got to know that they got to know that things are gonna change they got to know it's real they got to know there's a new plan and they got to know what that new plan is and then they got to know that there's new standards and they got to know what the new standards are boom and it's the same thing you know hack worth he did that he came in with some you know if you remember when he took over the hard core battalion what became the hard core battalion the first thing he did was like all those radios and guitars and all this crap that you have sitting around base put it all in the middle of the base tomorrow and we're getting rid of it all that was a big change now hack worth then he then he started implementing two changes a day if you remember hey gotta get everyone carry your weapon at all times that's the next change okay get you're helmet okay now we got to get helmet covers on he just made one two one or two small changes a day after he made some big sweeping changes out of the gate because it was a jacked up battalion and now now the difference is if you're going into a situation where everything's going fine or okay or at a bare minimum it's like normal well then you don't need to step in there and show that you're the man by making these sweeping changes you don't need to do that it comes across it comes across like the people that you just took charge of have no idea what they're doing and you don't you don't respect what they did what they what their methodology you don't respect their their performance because you're coming in saying oh echo by the way the way you report court the podcast you need to get rid of those microphones you need to edit it tighter your basis to you know what would you be thinking if I came in and said that well you know mean a little bit different but you know I understand your point being if somebody comes in and starts criticizing you right when you're doing a good job you know you're doing a good job yeah me said I think you're doing a good job thanks there's something that get on you about that basic usually that's you're it that's really on you you know you're just your base but yeah extreme so that's the thing if that's the decision you got to make and guess what it's not black and white you don't go into some units it's not like you're gonna get a choice between a unit that's doing horrible and a unit that's doing great you're gonna get everything in between and therefore you have to modulate your leadership to reflect if it's if it's a group that might have a tendency of being a little bit jacked up and they're getting close guess what got to got to be maybe not sweeping changes but you might need to make a little statement right if it's a group that's performing awesome fantastic top top team top whatever you might need to come and say hey guys I see that you're doing great I'm here to just keep you guys doing what you're doing let me know what you need to support oh and it could be anywhere in between that that's spectrum that's why leadership is challenging because you got to be able you got to have new arms you got to be able to modulate you're gonna figure out where that is and you got to test it out too once you give that sweeping order you got to see what kind of reaction you got you know you got to see the people just instantly rebel okay then let's talk this let's get some feedback what's going on clearly we have a disrespect scenario going on we need to get the bottom dust let me get some key leaders in here let me talk to them get some feedback which you should do that before you make any sweeping changes anyway you got to at least talk to the key leadership get them in the game get them on board that's why leadership is awesome that's why beat that's why this stuff is so fun because it's challenging it's different every single time yeah it feels like um kind of like what we're talking about earlier where if you start to understand the formula all the different details that come out you can kind of apply the formula in one way and even then still dynamic but but you can you can just get a better grasp it's just like jujitsu can if you understand the concept yeah that you have to be able to move your hips there's a bunch of different ways you can get your hips moving right if you understand the concept that you need to immobilize the hips to pass the guard if you understand that concept there's all kinds of different ways you can do if you understand the concept of totally jacked up team is gonna need a sweeping change to get their attention and get them to understand that things are gonna change and what they were doing is unacceptable if you understand that concept that that's what it's gonna take you can apply it all the way through those gradations all the way down to hey this team is doing great and I don't need to change much I just need to give them the support that they need um conceptual instruction very important so on it next week juggle I recently listened to the strategic con podcast while on my way to coach lacrosse and I was impressed how many of the points made between both Maurice and your experience as an operator translated into the field another point of the cast that stuck out and now I reflect on as learning experience and coachable moment for myself was the saying of good work when we recently battled through the first half the game lacrosse game it was a graduate man actually in this one he's talked I edited a little bit out of this because he had really long email and we believe in brevity around here so he's actually now talking about a soccer match a grudge match that they're playing okay so boom that a hard first half it was a grudge match I'm very evenly played until until the half when I told the boys they were doing good work out there and that we were matching their intensity and putting pressure on them then the first 30 seconds of the second half we were scored on due to lack of intensity and follow through I suspect it may have been from my good job quote unquote good work keep it up talk we had in that the half time my question to you is how does one reinforce the fact they were hitting hard up there give them some words of encouragement and send them back out without taking a hit in intensity as a coach of freshman high school boys who are basically wild dogs and need direction plus support what could have done different to keep the intensity up in the second half and even after getting scored on so this is this is pretty simple and I've actually talked about this before I've talked about it with regards to MMA and I've talked about it with regards to my seal platoon my seal task unit and that is that you have to be very careful with praise oh yeah because in the example that I give in the corner of MMA fights as if you tell a guy hey good job you know you well you won that last round keep just keep doing what you're doing he's gonna back off yeah he's gonna back off and guess what the other corners tell them you lost that round you need to step it up you need to get aggressive and that's what they're gonna do they're gonna get out there because I'll say most people in an MMA fight MMA fight is a it's like wrestling it's a very intense cardio activity you're good everybody's gonna be tired be just about everybody obviously so when you get two guys well let me let me refray that when you get two guys that are evenly matched and are going at it hard they're both gonna be tired and so they're gonna want a little bit of rest so if you give them that opportunity to back off the throttle just a little bit subconsciously they're gonna do it because they think they're doing good they think that won that last round so you can see that all the time you see I mean it happened it happened with Ronda you know they're saying hey good job good job you're looking good and she's getting crushed I mean that's kind of a bad example but anyways you got to be careful that in and I've told the story before but when my task was going through training and we were doing CQC so close quarters combat drills we're going in the kill house over and you know we broke for lunch or something we come back from lunch and the guy that's the cadre right they're like hey you guys are kicking ass this is great keep it up you guys are the best task you know we've seen out here you guys crushing it and literally the next run guys going to house they screw everything up they missed targets just a disaster and I talked to the country and like don't ever tell my guys again that they're the best guys in the world don't don't tell them that you can tell them good job but don't be telling them they're the best people in the world just tells them work and so that's kind of what happened you know here now the thing is this doesn't mean that you can never give anybody credit or never give anyone praise because you absolutely have to do that but what you have to do you have to proactively counteract the mental lapse and intensity that's about to take place because you just compliment them so how do you do that so let's say you're on the LaCrosse field or the soccer field you bring the boys in you say look guys good half good first half you took it to you showed them that we can hang with them you play them even that's fine here's the problem even isn't good enough we need to get out there and play harder we need to step it up I actually want you guys to play like mergers that's what I want you to want you to win every loose ball I want you to make every tackle I want you to get your head on every ball that's in the air you stick to them on defense I don't even want them to be able to breathe I want you to work them into the ground I want pressure pressure upfront pressure in the midfield and pressure on D you make them fight for every inch every ball and every breath I want you to go out there and take their souls so you gotta count on the head you know you gotta count on the good job thing so in MMA it's the same thing you know hey good round there's a close round but a good round but listen you can't let up right now you need to step it up he knows he has to step it up and telling you he knows he's got to step it up and if you come out weak he's going to get the upper hand right away you need to put him away you need to go out there and crush him crush his soul turn it on and put this guy away I want you to kill him so that's what you need to do with that now for tactical training same thing because you know I know this police officers and swap teams and you guys that are in the military you're doing tactical training all the time and you're going to see the as the team comes together they're going to start to do good but like I said if you give them too much they're going to slack right so you know when you're running your tactical training for your guys you say look hey guys let's see some good progress out there we're making some good runs let me tell you it's not good enough right right now okay this is the deal the enemy can rely on luck we can't we rely on our training we trained to be prepared for anything that the enemy throws at us so we're going to work as hard as we can and be as perfect as we can so we are ready for the worst case scenario so get jacked up for another run right now and I want you to go in there like a band of blood thirsty Viking shock troops on a damn berserker rage and crush this see you want to bring that kind of counter right and then in combat again and I just was talking to some guys yesterday and it's the same thing like complacency is the worst thing that can happen with your team with your in combat scenario so when you're combat you know it's look hey guys we're running some good operations right we got the upper hand and that's good but it's not good enough we cannot be complacent and we can't take our foot off the enemy's throat we are going to be relentless we are not going to give him the chance to regroup he will not get the chance to recover there will be no downtime for the enemy and I'll tell you what I don't even want the enemy to have a chance to bury their dead we are not going to stop until there is nothing left to pursue and no one left to bury so sharpen up your knives load up your magazines because we got work to do so again we got a counter you know the compliments and balance essentially what I'm doing in each one of those you know situations I'm balancing the positive affirmations of what is happening with some new goals and new objectives that will ensure that there will be no slack so the guy said that there were ninth graders fresh yeah fresh wind wild dogs yep next question next question how do you detach without seeming completely cold okay important question you know I've said this all time you know you got to detach I also say all the time if you detach from all your emotions that means you're robot people don't fall robots I say it all the time so when you do detach you can't completely step away but if you do you have to you have to act you have to do a little acting now first of all we already talked about this right we already talked about these red flags that that show that you're going to lose your temper that you're going to get emotional about something you know you're clenched fist in your raised voice and you're heavy breathing and you're flaired nostrils and all that stuff right so you know what those things mean those things mean those things you're your signal that mean to touch okay so you got to work on that now here's the dichotomy of it is once you are there and once you have detached you actually have to now go back and do one or some of those things that you are trying not to do you have to go and you have to do them a little bit in a nice little controlled manner right maybe raise your voice a little bit maybe you just kind of clenched your jaw and remember I said you like like nodding your head in a positive way and that's it that's a when you if you're coming to me with an issue and I nod my head to the affirmative you know up announcing yes I understand yes I understand that's a soothing thing to your team right they see that you're you're okay with it the opposite of that is when you shake your head to in the negative like if you're telling me some problem and I'm shaking my head it's like I'm me going to tear my can't believe this is going on right so yeah so maybe that's another thing you you clenched your jaw and you shake your head just show the person like look I know we're in a bad way I get it I'm not sitting back here like it's no big deal I know it's going to be a tough I know we just lost a sale or I know we just you know I'm going to have to plan another mission that we just got back I understand that it's hard you care I care you know I'm I'm with you you want to give that maybe you let out that little sigh of frustration you know like a little like something like that right just gonna do that little thing just do that let's just show in that you do got some emotions and you are invested in all that stuff and and then once once you see that you've achieved your goal here that you can see that that they see that you have some emotions on the situation then you you quickly get yourself to recover from that right you get yourself composed and you show them and they and they've seen it so it was like a little bit see like a little weakness and they go okay you know tacos are human related yeah yeah he's bad but you know I actually want him to calm down yeah I actually am a glad he's so good yeah I'm easy into it but I'm glad he's calming down that's good okay so then you recover you go back to your calm cool collect itself right that's what we're gonna do now like I said this is do we call this acting I guess maybe we could call an acting but at the same time acting means you're trying to pretend to be somebody right you're not trying to pretend to be anybody else you're being you that's all you're doing you're being you you're just acting like yourself just showing a little bit more of the emotion and then you would be if you were just completely detached so it's not like you're trying to act like some you know yeah you're not trying to play a role if someone wants to just be new so and you already know what you do because you've learned how what the signals are so when you know that you raise your voice and that means you're okay the just raise your voice a little bit if you know that you just give a little sides it's those careful things and so yeah I guess it is acting in a way but it's not fallen anybody can do it I think yeah yeah you did I think that's great this is my opinion you do with your kids you know I mean I'm you know like you've got to pretend to act yeah you know you mad or whatever any good even happy even pretend to be happy well okay we'll say excited yeah yeah I got something for you it's a drawing of a happy face same as she did yesterday you know it's like I'm not the honest truth is I'm excited about other things we'll just say that that's gross I'm all those I love all that love you got for crying about the fact that you're getting better you're getting better you're gonna know I look it's all going backwards now people are gonna hate you now don't grab talk about it exactly you're daughter draws your beautiful picture you know care about it it's a cold blood it what I'm gonna give her is a lot of excitement I'm gonna match her excitement maybe we can go one level higher that's what I'm gonna give her so what am I acting I'm excited about a lot of things a little bit though yeah you're same thing same thing yeah uh that was messed up by the way same thing yeah it's it is a form of manipulation it might be a little bit of form of manipulation but again if you're doing it to help the individual you're doing it to help the team then isn't manipulation or is it leadership I say of course it's leadership you're not manipulation is I'm trying to fool you so you do things that I want you do that to the kitchen we're not doing that it's not what we're running here check all right next question next question please discuss how discipline in one area doesn't make up for slack in other areas for example the fitness guru who has no saving yeah you know this is something that we all have to work out watch out for is the fact that we we focus on our strengths right that's what we do that's what people do so you get a person that's smart you know really intellectual person and they let themselves go physically you know or you get a person that's a physical stud but then they're not going to challenge their brain power or like the question that was you know the example here that was posed you know someone that's a fitness guru or a party guru I'm throwing that one out there because some people really good at or they you know they're on entrepreneur coming on entrepreneur and so they're driving a numerous 80s but it's least and they're behind on payments right so on strategic yeah yeah yeah that so you know I mean you take another example is what about the business person that doesn't have time for their family right and so that's not good so I think the focus here is do we try and we all have to be try to be well-rounded and not focus so much on one area that you're gonna let some other area go that's target fixation is what that is right is you walk into a room and you get fixated on one target you won bad guy you think there's one bad guy so you focus all your energy and then you're getting flanked that's target fixation you can't let that happen you can't let it happen on the battlefield you can't let it happen on life so look out for that when you do this um and I'll tell you this is actually a reality of the situation I try and maintain this balance but I've been actually working a lot lately and what and this is a clear indicator to me that I've overbooked myself is last week we had to skip a day of jiu-jitsu to record me we don't do that right when do we record rear-port after jiu-jitsu but I knew I had so much stuff going on that I said hey we got it we got to record at this time because I got to get this other stuff done because I'm traveling in this and that and so we had to skip the jiu-jitsu so that is a red flag to me that says I need to I need to tighten up I need to get my you know get my schedule back and check so that I can do the things that I need to do of course what do I say about the situation it's fine you know what can't train jiu-jitsu that day because I'm trying I got some travel coming up good I'm gonna heal up my shoulder a little bit more I'm gonna it's you know I'm gonna it's it's good's fine but it is an indicator of when things start going in the wrong direction maybe I'm getting targeted fixated on you know too much work at a certain time which to me again I will run this thing in the red as you say I like I like running in the red right I'm in the red and I got no problem like we will go hard and the numbers of hours I've been where I will work we'll have actually no impact on how much I'm gonna spend with my family and djiu-jitsu and all that so because I'll just do it all but there is a capacity that you reach where you go okay now one of these things that is just started to slide now I need to make sure that my levels get re-re-re-leveled I guess you might say equalized is what I should have said so back to the subject don't be a one trick pony you know be a jack of all trades and then master a few of those trades so you can emphasize vignis guru you can emphasize intellectual power you can emphasize jiu-jitsu but don't put a hundred percent of your effort into one area because eventually it will take you you won't have anything else and by the way if you put all your you know if you put all your all your eggs in the basket of intellectual power now you're unhealthy and you die right that doesn't you know let me care how smart you are you can't do two plus two when you're dead so don't put all your focus a hundred percent into one area don't become unbalanced in your disciplines spread it around an old line yeah it's good yeah I get I kind of feels like like you can be understood that it's a real good it I don't know fitness and it's easy to justify yourself you know like you're you're let's say okay I'm real good at fitness you know fitness guru and I go around and then I see I don't know I go to the store go to some party and I see this other guy who's like socially he's just hundred percent everyone likes he's such a nice charismatic guy he makes a lot of money you know and all this stuff but he's not in that good shape we're out of no he smokes and whatever you know that it's easy I think a lot of people it feels like it's easy to justify wolf that guy's in bad shape so who cares I wouldn't want any of that I wouldn't want all the money you know all this stuff it seems like you just gotta justify that and you know what the other guy's saying yeah you might be in good shape guess what yeah nice Toyota Corolla your driving he's all negative on it yeah yeah so both those guys should you should instead of saying hey you know what they should do walk up and be like hey man you know what I noticed you're pretty successful financially I would like to get in the game with you a little bit and learn from you about that and the other guys should take them well you know what it looks like you're in pretty good fitness levels I would like to get in the game with that let's work together and improve ourselves and go out and kick ass and dominate are you in I mean let's do this instead what is a normal person do they do exactly what you said justify criticize cut people down instead of building them up yeah and what you have to be careful of if I was to go to you and say hey you know echo I got a lot of money I can tell you don't have a lot I'll help you out that's that can be offensive to some people yeah because you think you think you are yeah you're not really about that good you're hell I'm gonna work about money think I'm worried about money when I got abs like these you so what we have to do is instead of if you if I came to you and said echo dude I want abs like you got sure let can you help me get in the game and then we formed a little relationship and now I said you man so what you what you mean income is dream dude you know what are you doing and you say well you know I got these two clients you got a website no not really why don't you have a website you got any social media to advertise you know we go that road and we build up we take care of each other so we want to do as people yeah kind of like you ever seen the guys who go they see like a football player or something like I kick his ass though you know that can you can always like some success for us and I he I kick his ass though yeah yeah yeah well I've told the story in the scene in the seal teams it's no one no one is good if a guy like we have guys in the seal teams that are literally you know world class athletes in whatever world class triathlete world class sailor world class whatever and so oh you owe your your world class triathlete oh yeah that guys really good triathlete that's cool he's a really bad shot someone is gonna try man and cut him down yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah no slack no slack that's slack right look a one more thing so uh jockel would you confront an individual team member when reported by other team members that they're talking smack about you what would you just ignore the old classic here what do you do about the about the negative guy that's trying to bring you down and sure you can you can confront them right and you can by doing that join in there in their little game and in doing that you give them the satisfaction they now know that they got into your head and then you're turning your workplace into you know your basic grade school gossip all so we don't like that but now there are times unfortunately that's you you have to address things and when you do it you do it professionally and you do it your goal is to disarm them because remember that this negative person inside they probably want the confrontation that's what they want and so you know you say something like hey I heard you had some critique points for me about how I'm doing my job you know if I'd love to get your feedback so I can tighten up my game but you just disarm a little bit and something like that will likely diffuse this scenario a little bit and you know hopefully the people will under the the person will understand that there are other people that are telling you what's going on it will kind of put them in check and stifle the situation but the preferred methodology for this situation for me is quite simple and that is ignore and outperform them you see while you're over there watching me and talking about me I'm working I'm working hard I'm taking things to the next level you keep gossiping and I'll keep working you keep talking smack and I'll keep working you keep focusing on everything and everyone else and I'll keep working and when you finally look around at where you are and where I'm at you realize that you have nothing left to talk smack about and you will lose and I will win and this here applies to when people are playing office politics or forming their little clicks or working their personal agendas and again I know sometimes you have to play those games but let your first course of action let the fundamental core of your reaction be to outwork and outperform every last one of them and I think that's all I've got for tonight so echo Charles if speaking of work why don't you just go ahead and put in some work right now and let everybody know how they can support this podcast if they want to yeah if they want actually you know when I'm talking about the work I did today Macon 15 all that anyway we'll talk about on it you want to support this podcast support yourself on it rather cruel oil it's real and I thought about this like I'm kind of lifting kind of hard and like I do like squats right just very like different kinds of different weights and do you over it's what sometimes yeah yeah yeah yeah that a lot but just one that that like one that you can do all it like front squats or something like that but I go all the way down all the way down okay there's no other way to squat yeah well something sometimes you know people don't have the flexibility in their feet or their ankles or whatever or you know you lift in like 500 pounds or something right all the way anyway my point is it can be hard on your knees it can't straight up okay those those are the facts it can be anyway and I'm kind of going kind of hard nowadays like pretty much every day lift and you get to you know like harder than I have in the past for sure and I don't have the anyway the crit the point is the krill oil yeah the krill oil is real well I don't have any pain no pain no pain still come much so like three a day three in the morning and three at night just three a day yeah I do twice as much as you well you're bigger and older you mean bigger and yeah yeah yeah and I was thinking zero before yeah yeah but yeah man it's good krill oil that's what's fun is when you think supplements that's you think like something is gonna make me stronger you know if I take it versus don't take it like it's krill does make you stronger but it's like you to rock out more yeah you know I've been taking krill oil for so long I don't even know what it's like to not take krill a little anymore yeah things just one big mystery no one big path to victory you know you know take the krill oil on it ecologically friendly harvesting of krill watch the video on it dot com on it dot com slash jockel if you want 10% off pre-workout which is total strength and performance he'll give you more strength and more performance my anecdotal shrimp tech proof by the way I I got on I had a bunch of like I said I've been working a lot I've been traveling a lot we're traveling you're getting on planes with a bunch of people that you don't know and they have all kinds of germs as do I and two people get sick and I can't be sick and do my job because I got to go talk to people and meet people and give speeches and all that stuff so I can't be getting sick so I knew I had critical events coming up so guess what I did shum tech immune yeah I did this room tech immune power through yeah you're not sick now no I'm not sick now no training hard surf today so it'd basically end worked out and got after it so thank immune to the sickness so dang there's another one in the rotation is that we were yeah and yeah I I cycled it yeah I cycled it because I knew I didn't want to get sick and I suppose you could just say hey when do you want to get sick right whenever yeah maybe it's something I should take more off yeah and it's one of those things kind of like like a like a back-and-computer programmer where you don't really you're not hit by the success of it you're only hit by the failure of it you know so immune it's a training tech immune and you take it you don't get sick you're like all right you know it's cool you know but no I like I say a bunch of events back I thought the TED talk and so what am I gonna show up to the TED talk coughing can't take that chance yeah yeah I can't take that chance yeah yeah stop you know stuff you know what what are you gonna do no you can't do those things you gotta show but have your age game yeah you know so shum tech immune yeah these are good because these are like um you know how okay so cool let's go cruel I'll where that works your joints work but it's not like it's like a cortisone shot where you know you just don't feel like when you get off at your jack you know you're back to zero it's like this is stuff that like helps your body do it you know that's the good part yeah it's not it's not a foreign horrible substance that you're gonna become rely on it's so good and well okay yeah they're all good all of them and there's other stuff there's cool stuff too the the almond it's like a three nut butter blend good to have a track or me it's good to add it's too bad that's on you bro it's good and yeah this is a lot of stuff look on there it's protein powder and obviously quality protein powder if you're into protein powder um from tech for performance the pre work out that's the one bro if you're if you're lifting and doing hard workouts get to get the pre work out because it's not stimulants that like you know so so I don't because I work out early in the morning as we know and I don't like working out on an empty stomach I don't know full stomach so I work out on an empty stomach in the morning good idea but I and you told me that you might consider this cheating because I will take it pre-sugits yeah you don't look at you like I'm cheating look at this guy more so it's not it's but it's not cheating at all but then it also on top of that I don't do it I'll do it if every heavy hitter is coming to train I'll I'll do it it's the advantage I remember us rolling with I was on a 72 hour fast and I was like almost at the end of it and I did everything normal I didn't change anything I squatted I didn't pull up so did everything normal worked out surf did you get to I was at the end of it and I was rolling the big Eric you know judo Eric and I said I'm gonna tell you something when we get done so we rolled hard and it was no it's just been way we normally rolled you know and got after it hard and I said and he said what were you gonna tell me I said yeah I'm on the tail end of a 72 hour fast right now and he said well I didn't seem to affect your performance that's it no I don't think it affects your performance at all yeah just straight up I rolled it somebody and I got him I forget who it was a while ago but and then and I got him and you could tell he was pissed oh that was it anyway he said oh one of the first things he said I'm fasting right now yeah I forget who that's and that is that is actually why I didn't tell Eric right because then it's just an excuse you can also and also cycle logical warfare right if I tell him hey I'm fasting I'm gonna fast to stay be my get all fired up no I'm not gonna let that happen do you just who is that I'm you there's a behind you yeah you just going on even before you were when you clap hands yeah give that little bump that was an aggressive bump remember that time right after we rolled and you said hey you know did you feel that I was like kind of getting tired towards the end there and I said no you're like yeah because that wasn't you're best lying to me yeah well about that was a good one that was a good one it's it's hard it's hard to get me tired to do yeah you know what it's actually it's not all conditioning too I just I know how to conserve some energy yeah but you know how you know what this is what part of it is if not a major part you can endure fatigue and tiredness if you're enjoying what you're doing that's why for a lot of people that treadmill is just hell even though the treadmill's not that hard it's like you're going at like a certain like a low percentage of output it's just so boring there's no like payoff in jujitsu it's like it's payoff upon payoff upon payoff yeah you pass someone's guard oh my gosh they pass your guard you're like what the I thought a little wage might be you know it's like this intricate battle you know the mean all you're getting super tired I mean you can't get you don't get tired when you do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do well me I mean you know great shape and you know well that's stuff you have made some incredible strides though on two areas you used to gas out really really bad until until until you start doing mac cons in your training in your in your non-jutitude training you used to gas out really bad yeah number one number two used to get really claustrophobic and not be able to handle that yeah and they were they kind of play out they play off each other I cured you of both those and sometimes realize you're claustrophobic I was a real like jerk for a while yeah you're like test time yeah yeah how you let this well there yeah and what's crazy is there's a third element there is because if you know you gas quick and then you get claustrophobic now you're that's another enemy the gasing in the claustrophobic that's another enemy so I'm not just going into you and your kids who are going into gasing claustrophobic so that makes me even more like anxiety and like you said they're compounding problems because the more tired you get the worst position you get into now you can't get you out of the panic and you have more tired yeah and then let that happen one day the next day what what am I scared of now yeah it's just read it's the swamps of sadness real yeah well you dug your way out of that pretty good I think the metcon had a lot to do with it you did you just what did you just mentally eventually say like okay when jacco gets side control on me and holds me there I just need to relax and just sit there and accept that I'm gonna be here for a little while yeah and a big part of it because sometimes I'd start to get dizzy like for real claustrophobic it's not just a feeling of oh I'm just so claustrophobic and that's it it is I think it was like a for real claustrophobic because you start to get dizzy you know like you're not like you're about to faint but but something like that you know it was a good decision that's what it's like I want my stupidity train you know I used to get the guys in train with them all like in a row and I do like 15 minutes of this guy then 15 minutes of this guy and then 15 and good skill through the potions and and there's one guy and he was super claustrophobic and he was so mad he'd be you know just get and I'd hold him you know I'd get a crosshider get the mount and just not let him move put my chest over his face and he would just you know any he would lose it you know just and and you know take he'd be tapping me like crazy like there's no submission what he's got from you can't tap on there's no submission to get off me go off me and then you know finally I'd tap him out and then let him go and he'd be like you got you got to just stay off me yeah it's so mad he's kind of stop training and that's the vip prod say I mean if you have like a condit dined it that to me back in the when I had he was like mounted then I'd be like and on a tap he's like no man that's like man yeah and uh Dean actually was funny yesterday maybe the yeah as yesterday the the the the the power was going out like momentarily in the gym a few times yeah well before the power started like it was going off for ten seconds certain light though yeah but so it was killing the clock yes so we were going when the clock was still running and he was doing that to me right and when he tries to make me claustrophobic or tries to get reaction out of me I just go into like complete detachment mental shut down not not mental shut down in a negative way but mental shut down like okay I'm not gonna show you any yeah and so he's like like basically rut uh putting his knuckle into my ribbies mounted smothering me and rubbing his knuckle into my rib and I'm just laying there like taking it and just thinking about other things and and actually I'm thinking like when I get it on top of your kill him and and then the timer ran out and he kept doing it and he kept doing it and he kept doing it for like another 30 seconds and then he laughed and he jumped off so then we were going again and I I got him into a got a good position right I got him in the arm lock and I'm sitting there and he's already finished you know if you don't believe me go watch him go get John Jay and in Metamores and you know there's John Jay one of the best you get your practitioners of all time go this one arm lock on Dean can get out of it so I'm going for an arm lock on Dean and the timer goes like at the end of the round and and and he's like gear because I didn't let go because I said you violated the GJ2 Geneva Convention on class for him and he laughed and then let him go but uh this all good and it's kind of what that is well look at tapping and you don't let go that's the violation of the Geneva Convention for the GJ2 Convention yeah yeah sure you can't be breaking those laws the Metcon and getting into condition losing like a little bit of weight or whatever sure it gets in my case it got mean you know better shape and I can you can go longer less class for him just in general but the the bigger impact was that that's not something I have to worry about anymore dealing with being and when I get tired mentally you become you know what it feels like to be tired because I don't get you know what that felt like before it was hard to deal with I would say that's how it felt to me like what I'm like I'm tired I need to not be tired that's the goal now I don't care about getting tapped out anymore it's the tiredness is is really the fight that the demon here not the tap you know but once you go the Metcon not like I said the Metcon and just muscular conditioning in general it'll sure it'll get you in shape but since you have to kind of do it all the time for it to work like in exercise you're used to it that feeling it becomes like common exactly you're you're mentally anoculated to oh I'm out of breath I'm not you what you used to think was I'm out of breath and I'm gonna die and I think I'm out of breath and that's okay yeah I'll recover yes you'll recover in some other position yeah and man it makes you just a way funer thing and he's going hard and it was like sure you're you know it's a good good workout but it just makes it way funer for sure but yeah the point is there that's why you can endure tiredness is when you're having a good time when there's little pass you ever notice even if you don't really roll that you might be different actually I'm sure you feel this when you go home you feel like the heat radiating from your body still you know even after you go home you're like dang it really roll that hard because it doesn't feel like it's that hard because it's so fun you know yeah well I roll hard every single time yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah man it's the the genius behind it anyway if you want help it's a performance was that just a 14 we have 20 minute talk about on it dot com slash yoko sure cool yeah a little bit of some digression but what's your all helpful things yeah they are very helpful on it that's just gonna improve your performance straight up indeed if you want to improve performance which we do is another one I'm going to we got some time so I'm filling up water you know you're going to be gallons of water there are five gallons of it so I go fill up I got four of them so I put them in the back of my car in the back seat yeah so when I bring them from the the water filler thing to my car I'm grabbing them both and I'm walking across the street you're too ready at four I had four but two at a time I feel too because it's two right things whatever so therefore I'm walking across street to you know not the street the parking lot to my car to put them in and I'm like this isn't even hard but they look kind of big you know I'm like this isn't even hard just like I'm not like stiff and it's not like I'm warmed up ready to get after you know oh my god but then you're walking there at handle so it shouldn't be that hard for someone my weight and whatever so I get to the car and I put them in but I'm like hey I need more room to put the other two so I don't just try to lug a man all perfect for I got a like stretch and put these you know there are five pong jugs you gotta stretch these awkward position but I did it kind of no problem if I were in I've been in times where I'm not in that good shape my joints are off bro I would do I would hurt myself that's how you hurt your back that is one of the bad is how people are they're back doing the dumb stuff because they're not they're not in your shape yeah and that's a lot of times that's really what it is is because you're just your body's not used to like moving all of a sudden like but if it is and you got the cruel oil going that's the kind of things you can do almost like a superpower anyway if you want these amazing supplements and know they're the best ones because we all know that on it dot com slash jockel 10% off support yourself support everyone anyway and if you shop at amazon it's a good way to support and you know you shop at amazon oh you know oh yeah big time you're getting books getting whatever click through the website again this is to support so go to jockel podcast dot com little banner amazon shop amazon banner over there on the side click on that then do your shopping can support that if you don't think that's a big deal and you're like oh you know what that's probably not that big video I'm just gonna go right to amazon when clicking through that that is cool to me that that's cool but if you do want to support but you still think that's not that big of a deal maybe also support another way or something like that that's cool but it's not true that is a big deal yeah it's a small action so it may not seem like a bit of it's like just click through and that's kind of it but it's a big deal and it doesn't cost you anything don't cost you anything two seconds period times on's got some money that they want to give to us as long as you click through yeah they're like basically the attitude is from amazon is that's a win win they're like hey these you know shoppers are coming to buy stuff from us through jockel podcast all right cool then that's exactly right so it's like a circle triangle three people three parties triangle let's support yeah then you get you know your stuff if you got amazon prime two days later one day sometimes same day anyway amazon click through that's a good way to support and then you can subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already iTunes stitcher google play um in various others out and somebody posted that you can if you have a lexa do you know what Alexis it's amazon echo it's amazon angel it's Alex and if you have that I do you can you know that you can say Alexa play jockel podcast and then it says back to you you want to hear the show jocco because they don't they think that podcasts isn't part of the name because it's artificial intelligence so just you want to hear the show jocco and you say yes and then it says I'm finding the latest episode and then it plays jocco podcast is kind of like a it'd be silly I want to watch uh restrepo movie right and it's like the song yes but then the song is called love song or something like this yeah well the song would probably be called destroy planet earth right in your case first for sure for sure something yeah that thing that thing is kind of cool start try ask it do you have one yes okay so ask it what's one plus one yeah she's gonna say the sum of one plus one is two but I think you already knew that so you know you know it's the little things anyway yeah it's the good of you know I subscribe to the podcast on iTunes and all the various outlets if you're not in tytune specifically um and on youtube we do have a youtube channel put some videos on there constantly working on these videos situation some take longer you know more more work and whatever time um than others but they're out there they're doing it jocomic now get small little clips of the words the advice and philosophies jocco also that ted talk that I did it it is on youtube right now yeah and then you can do the jocco will only ted talk or something like that yeah you'll get to see it it's good I talked about you know war and stuff like that a little concept called extreme ownership nailed it it's actually good like that that's a one where you know how you got you got to condense it down obviously you know like you have to distill it down yeah that was a good distillation that was good points really good 12 minutes not long there you go you know youtube but yeah subscribe to the you know the youtube channel you got one of those um also jocquads store called jocquads store your real jocquads store dot com if you're into shirts discipline equals freedom guy and twitter was like I like the OG discipline equals freedom there's only one version of this but the thing actually yeah yeah yeah OG the original the original discipline equals freedom super simple to the point if you will uh good quality would I you know make sure that they were good quality shirts I'm not the kind you just give away at the ballpark you know that kind yeah you used to talk about those shirts that you give away the ballpark you have a nice net in the wild yeah they're not very not that you know you're OG you're OG is the apple sound like that it's too really because that one's cool because oh free stuff when you get home you don't wear it no this one sucks yeah it's not good it's not wearable you know that one where you're like your friend gives you the free shirt or like what I did for you and then you're like you wear it it doesn't fit good whatever these ones like fit good they're solid in fact it's get right and I know he said it's my favorite shirt to wear because it makes me look good like it fits you know yeah I don't I'm so anyway uh maybe never make a made a I'm here to win oh yeah you don't care what you look like yeah it's right oh yeah they're good solid look at them I'm not saying buy shirt just go to the jockelstore dot com go there look at the shirt you like the shirt you want to represent you want to support get a shirt get a rashguard got some good reviews on the rashguard multiple instances of increasing performance and results with the rashguard proven and against jockels philosophy and they look good you know if you care you know that you want to look good hey man there's that element as well layers yeah I'm more concerned about the performance than the looks yeah man so I'll take that 19 percent minimal 19 bonus you look good to go I guess yeah yeah yeah yeah that kind of thing bad for patches the Velcro ones is a regular kind too but the Velcro one with the this the the what he called the color right the regulation yeah the one you can wear I saw um shoot I forget his name on Twitter he showed me his patch like collection to the Velcro you know discipline equals freedom was all up in there it was good the good and this one is a big one to support yourself psychological warfare yeah this is literal like support yes it's like a spot the the feedback from everyone out there on psychological warfare it's 100 percent of that see but listen to the track sugar coated lies if you listen that track you could be in crispy cream donuts after not eating for three days and you will go in there you listen to that track you will not eat a donut you will not well no it's true it's absolutely true and the wake up thing the wake up thing I was going to say the wake up you will get out of bed yeah because because you this is the thing you know what's being told to you is true you know it's true you you part of your brain is saying you know what it's not true yeah I'm just kidding right now one donuts not gonna kill you actually it is gonna kill you so you're not gonna eat it yeah so psychological warfare that's a good one by the way I listen to it joculous in peace yourself some thought you know what's kind of like why do I actually listen to this now now I listen to it well it could actually in a way be more effective for you because it's really you talking to yourself truly me yeah it's like you talking to yourself like your brain it's like the place in your head it's true and this is a good one just like the real oil and just like the the on it stuff it's not like like get up and get after like it's not like wait let me explain what it is it's these tracks on an album you can buy from iTunes and it's on Amazon other resources yes yeah yeah yeah yeah it's it's ever you can just purchase these MP3 tracks you can play in your phone before you're about to when you're having moments a weakness you're gonna skip the workout because you don't feel like it or you're gonna skip you're gonna mess up your diet because you're too hungry and it looks so delicious right? or you want to press news on the thing you can put it as your alarm on whatever you buy these tracks and they're for different situations and it'll give you a little spot we'll say that jockel will be there to give you a little spot anyway they're mental a mental spot yeah psychological um psychological they're a little fight the urge to be a slacker crush with it but it's good because it's not like the get up and get out it scares you out of bed so you'll get out of bed it's not that no it's like psychological warfare it tells your mind to think the certain way you know so it's really you're doing it it's like it's not a kinetic strike it's psychological warfare which is actually more effective yeah because you're doing it it's like the court is on shut versus the cruel we prefer to let our body do the work yes exactly right and we prefer to let our mind do the work if you're getting out of bed because someone's yelling out of you okay well that's okay but it's better if it's you that gets yourself out of bed because you cycle out of school or for on yourself yep because you did you did good things with the information that you were presented with it's good and all add I'll give it to you I'm gonna pat you on the back you know pat jack on the back it was psychological warfare it was number one is it still in my night on iTunes since day one oh well hey don't don't pat me on the back thank you everyone that's gone and bought psychological warfare thank you yeah that's awesome yeah fully but you got it mitt it's like you you know you did that thing well no actually you got to admit that if no one wanted to hear it and wanted to get after it then I would be oh yeah my self it's like we're like a little group of like this is a good it's a good thing you know get everybody out of bed and stop eating donuts and you get a good thing there it is if you want some jocca white tea it's in stock it's on Amazon if you're in America get it on Amazon if you're in a foreign country go to eBay pro-resourcing it's the official listing you can get it there you you already know what what the tea is gonna do for you you already know that you are weak you'll become strong you are stupid you're gonna become smart you are lazy you're gonna become aggressive just gonna solve all your problems you know what that's the side effects because it also just tastes good so which one's you gonna go and I'll tell you what right now I don't we are assessing and likely going to put jocquite in cans like an energy drink but you know an energy drink doesn't help you right right it's just this whack yeah this is boom oh you're in 7 11 it's like sugar caffeine candy negativity or boom here you go is there caffeine in jocquite yes there is oh yeah a little bit a little bit but it's good for you actually a little bit micro exactly thank you echo micro dose not gonna get you all jittery so jocquite tea you can get it on Amazon when you're on Amazon you can pick up the book Extreme Ownership by me and my brother life babbin and what's cool is our company Ashland front we work with a bunch of different kind of companies leadership and management consulting and it's always cool to see and hear about how the book spreads through those companies somebody you know somebody heard about it some he heard me on Tim Ferriss or some he heard me on jolrogant or somebody heard me on this podcast and it gets in there in a guy it spreads it just spreads you know a guy buys it for his team and then he buys it for you know the CEO gets him a gift and the CEO buys everyone so it's really cool to see that and it's cool to see how it helps companies align their culture and align their leadership team so go out get it for the people you work with give them the tools to lead and you know the deal is you make a little investment getting the book it's 20 bucks right you give that book to your key team members it's gonna make your life easier return on investment good to go and while you're doing that you can get this book or another book right here it's um it's called way of the warrior kid and this is the deal this is what we have to watch out for order it now why order it now if you're not gonna get it until May 2nd that's when it comes out here's why if we don't order it now it's gonna happen the same thing in half of jocca wait to the people at a printing is gonna like oh no one's ordering it so we're not going to you know we'll print 12 copies the day comes out we're gonna get a lot of orders and everyone's gonna have to sit around and wait for the thing to be printed so what we want to do is give them the indication that yes book is coming out we don't want to end up with jocca white tea style barren arm again on our hands with the book and I'll tell you it is you know it's a book it's a kid it's a kid's book admittedly but I'm gonna tell you uncle Jake who's in the book who teaches his nephew how to get after it uncle Jake's got some lessons for everybody about discipline about working out about overcoming fear about diet and exercise and life it's a book about life and wait I was right how did you get that I know you're all a third of those got a physical copy of physical copy that I'm holding in my hands right now it's called a galley give you it's so that you can see and make sure you can go through it and correct it like a final edit like a final edit and this one's pretty good it's pretty close it's a tasty yeah so here we go so at this point here's what's going on at this point basically the kid mark he's like I said he doesn't know how to do he can't to any pull-ups doesn't know his time stables he's getting picked on its rule doesn't know how to swim guess what he's a ten-year-old kid in life life is hard he's realized that he's bummed out he's been sad his uncle Jake comes to live with him for the summer his uncle Jake used to be in the seal teams he's getting out so he can go to college but during the summer he's living with his sister so now when uncle Jake realizes that mark as all these issues like I said what does he say when mark freaks out and cries it says like all these issues uncle Jake says good we can solve these problems and then he says look you you're not really getting after it do you you need to be instead of being this kind of wimpy kid over here you need to be a warrior kid and mark sort of what's a warrior kid and so at this point they're they're talking about like do you actually know what a warrior is and I'll go back to the book right now so here's uncle Jake do you even know what a warrior is? Mark says yes I mean I guess I know a warrior is someone who fights in wars right? and uncle Jake says that is one part but what else? I'm not sure what else. so do you think that the only way to be a warrior is to fight in wars and do you think that anyone who fights in wars is a warrior? I guess so well you guessed wrong there is a lot more to being a warrior than just being in a war warriors are people that stand up for themselves they face challenges warriors or card to achieve goals they have the discipline to overcome their weaknesses warriors are people that constantly try to test and improve themselves and yes war is the ultimate test but not all warriors go to war and then Marx says but how can a kid be a warrior? and uncle Marx says or uncle Jake says by doing everything I just said a normal kid doesn't push himself a warrior kid does a normal kid doesn't work to constantly improve himself a warrior kid does I look at all these problems you cried to me about yesterday a warrior kid wouldn't cry about those problems a warrior kid would do something about those problems and then Marx says do what do what do whatever it takes every problem you have can be overcome every one of them you can't do pull-ups you work out and get stronger until you can you don't know your times tables you study and train your mind until you know them cold you can't swim you learn how you get picked on you learn out of fight fight I asked yes fight just like anything else in the world there are techniques to fighting like learning a sport and when you know the techniques and practice them you can defend yourself from anyone you really think I could learn all that I know you can like I told you last night I had to transform myself when I got in the navy I had to get stronger I had to learn to fight I even had to learn to learn but I did it and if I did it so can you do you want to you want to overcome all these challenges you face of course and then as they wrap up that conversation they were out in the park when they're doing that and Marx says we walked through the park and back to the house without saying another word something had already changed sounds like we're about to get after it so yeah fun book might want to get after it and also on top of that the book is coming out May 2nd that's cool May 4th and 5th guess what's going on the master right there Mary at Marquis in New York City basically two months away from right now so sign up book your ticket get your hotel room it's going to be awesome life's going to be there I'm going to be there obviously life's going to be there JP's going to be there echo is going to be there Dave Burke newest member of echelon front Marine Corps boom fighter pilot boom top gun boom top gun instructor yeah and by the way with all that he was on the ground in Ramadi with asking a bruiser doing operation after operation after operation as an anglico team leader so the guys out there four there control he's coming on the podcast through this well and as just like the first monster there's not going to be a backstage there's no green room that we're going to be hiding in we will be out front we will be talking to you discussing things taking ownership of the problems that we all have and get himself so we will see you there at the master extreme ownership.com and until we do see you there we will see you on the interwebs on twitter on instagram and maybe we're going to see one that facebook you will be interacting with all of you echo is at echo Charles and I am at jockel willink into the military men and women that are out there right now in arms away putting your life at risk for our great nation thank you all for our freedom and to those that have fallen for the cause of freedom we will never forget for the police fighting crime and the firefighters fighting fires and the rest of the first responders out there thanks to you all for keeping us safe and to everyone else out there thank you for listening and thank you for supporting this podcast and thanks for being here with us you people that we hear from all the time from all over the world in every walk of life thank you for joining us as we make our way through the world trying to extract every drop of blood from this life by pushing forward every day with everything that we've got all of us and getting after it so until next time this is echo and jockel out