 This is Jockel Podcast number 324 with Eccletrails and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening, Eccle. Good evening. Also joining us. Again, tonight is Jason Gardner. Good evening, Jason. Good evening Eccle. Good evening, Eccle. Good evening, Jockel. So we rolled in, we're talking about this book and a middle of a dissection of the life of Colonel Joshua, Chamberlain, or General Joshua Chamberlain, the hero of Little Round Top, the 20th main who did a bunch of other things in his life. One of the parts of this book that Jason, we were talking about before we got started was this letter from Joshua Chamberlain to Governor Coburn. He's from headquarters 20th main volunteers in the field, July 21st, 1863. And here's what Joshua Chamberlain says. And this gives you such a keen insight into his leadership and leadership. Dear Governor, I embrace a rare opportunity, namely a day's halt within a few miles of our baggage to write you in reference to the affairs of our regimen in which I am well aware. You feel the deepest interest. In the first place, allow me to thank you for the honor you have done me in entrusting my care, in entrusting to my care, this noble regimen. I trust I shall be always worthy of the confidence you have thus placed in me. I consider it an officer's first duty to look after the welfare of his men. To this, he is bound no less by the responsibility which the arbitrary nature of his power imposes than by the regard he should have to the interests of the service in which he is engaged. My experience in several trying campaigns has taught me that the way to ensure the efficiency of the army is to keep the men in the best possible condition physically and mentally. So, take care of your people and your people will take care of you. So we used to say about our gear. Take care of your gear and your gear will take care of you because you know you've got your parachute. You've got your dive ready you'll get your weapon take care of your weapon and take care of you. Take care of your people and your people are going to take care of you. Without the people, there is no mission. There is no mission. That balance which occasionally gets brought out. How do you balance it? What's more important? The people are the missions. the people, without the people there's no mission. And if you have one mission that you're going to do, I guess you can put the mission above the people, which are not going to be in that situation, you're not. So the people come first. And by the way, this is important. If there's alignment in what you're doing, what your mission is should help the people. So when you're in combat and you're going out and you're taking the fight to the enemy, well, guess what? Now you can win the war. Now you can get the people home to their families. Now we can protect the world from fascism or from Nazism or from the Imperial Japanese Army or from communism. That's what these things are doing. So when you're out there soldier, you're taking care of your people by helping to win the war. Those should be aligned. That's why you had disalignment or on alignment in Vietnam or people saying, hey, what is that? Leaning me, aren't doing anything to me. I don't care if this is communist or not. It doesn't affect me. And so we're not aligned. It's a problem. Some people that people that were saying, hey, we believe in the domino theory, we think it's all going to fall down. We need to stop communism here. Those people were aligned and were proactively fighting the war. Some people weren't. Same thing in a company. If I am trying to build a factory so that I can take my people and put them in a better situation where they have better working conditions, it's going to help them. If I'm trying to get my team to sell more widgets, well, Jason, how many widgets did you sell on the sold three? Well, hey, Jason, you just sell more. Why? Well, because I want you to be able to save money for college for your kids. Oh, okay. Yeah. So the better you do, the better we do, the better we do, the better you do. Because by the way, when you sell more widgets, we and echo sells more widgets. Now we can produce more widgets. That lowers our cost to produce. Now we can lower our prices. So you can sell even more widgets. So we can so the mission and the men should be aligned. The mission and the people should be aligned. The goals should help. If what I'm doing is saying, hey, Jason, sell more widgets. And you say, why? And I say, because I want to line my pockets more, what, we're not aligned. We're not aligned. But if I'm saying, hey, sell more widgets. So we can lower the price point. So you can have more job security. So you can, you know, buy good, get it down payment for your house. All those things. We want things to be aligned. When they're not aligned, that's where we're now problems. Taking care of your people is not letting them come in late and leave early. Or letting them fall sort of the standards. And so that's really interesting. I like how we're broken out. And I think I'm going to laugh chapters of steel. My soul just heart reads warning guys about being popular. And folks want to be popular. Oh, yeah, I'll just let them smoke cigarettes because they want to smoke cigarettes on watch and then crack. Oh, they get killed. Being popular is not taking care of your people. And when you try to maintain a standard, you're making them better people by bringing them up to a stand. It helps them. It helps them stay alive. The the contrary to that is, or the opposite dichotomy of that is, hey, I'm just going to impose my rules on these people. They're not going to know why. They're not going to know how it helps them. They're not going to know that smoking in a watch position at night can get you killed by a sniper. So instead, you just mandate these rules. And if you, hey, I don't care, from popular or not. That's not a good attitude to have. If you're not, look, you shouldn't be doing things to be popular. But if people don't like you, that work for you, that's also a problem. That's also a problem. And if that, what I just said, makes you shudder a little bit and thinking, you know, I'm not sure if I'm on board that. You need to check yourself quite frankly. You need to check yourself. I haven't worked for a leader that was a good leader where everyone said, yeah, I don't like that guy. They might say something like, hey, man, he can be a bit hard. But he makes sense. But he's doing it for the right reasons. But sometimes we're a little bit too slack. The leader that, hey, we all hate him, but we're going to do what he says. Doesn't really exist, man. No, at least you're not going to do it to the best of your ability, right? When I think about all those leaders that I worked hard for because I was like, I worked hard for this leader because I was worried he was going to yell at me. He got this much effort out of me. The leader that I worked hardest for was the person that I was terrified of disappointing, like Delta Charlie. Yeah. Yeah. And why, why in the world was I terrified of disappointing Delta Charlie and every other leader that I put in that category, it's because they treated me with respect. That's all you got to do. So, treat everybody with respect and then your life is going to be that much easier, especially your subordinates because they're going to work hard for you because it will be terrified of disappointing you. Yeah. And then, okay, well, what if they're just going to take advantage of you? Guess what? There's going to be some people that are going to try. They're going to be, you got a team of 20 people. There's going to be two or three of them that are looking to cut corners looking to slack off. That's true. It's true in a seal puttune for crying out loud. In a seal puttune where they go through hell week and they go through buds and they're highly selecting all that stuff. Yeah. Some of those people get to a puttune and they don't want to do shit. They want to freaking cut quarters. They want to go home early. They don't care. That's what happens. You get those guys and puttune and they're not going to, they might not commit hanging offenses. They might not like skip work or leave their weapon unattended or something like that. Which, okay, if they're that bad, you can get rid of them but they know where the line is and they just they just tiptoe on that line. And so there's people like that. There's people like that in every organization. And if you then treat everyone in your organization as if they're that person that's trying to get away with what they can and that's how you treat everyone. You're not treating them with respect. You're micromanaging them and it's going to come back and haunt you. What's so here's an interesting thing. It's like sometimes sometimes I'm weak and I'm that guy trying to leverage a friendship against the standard. And then when a leader is like, no bro, you got to do it this way. I don't lose respect for them. Check. I'll be in a week. Again after it. I want examples of bro. What's the example of that? That's a good boy. I'll shoot. Like, um, one to come in late. Oh yeah. You know, or like, uh, maybe it maybe on this dive, I should be the dot and here, here's a secret for everybody. Seals don't like diving. And so guys will try and wiggle out of it and find other things to do and stuff like that. And so I know at times that I've tried to wiggle out of a dive and then I'll get that leader. Just all I got to do is raise their eyebrows. Maybe they say something like bro. Yeah. Really? Yeah. No, really. That's like that story. That's all about delta Charlie. So delta Charlie's a guy I wrote about leadership strategy and tactics. He's a guy that I work for in my second puto and you work for him at trade at just like everyone just a universal respect, admiration and love for the guy. But we we had done a hydrographic reconnaissance. It on red beach like with for the Marines. And you know, it's all night or freaking waves for huge. We got our asses kicked. It's freezing. We go back. We make the chart in the middle of night, blah blah blah. And then the Marines landed. So we support their landing and they didn't like their landing. It didn't go the way they wanted it to. So Marines like we're doing it again. So everyone went back to the ships and they're like, okay, well, seals. You got to do the hydrographic on again. And we're all like, oh, whatever. I mean, okay. So we launch the boats and we're kind of in the wall. Like we have all the information. We've already done the charts. We've done the graphs. And someone thank God it wasn't me. Is like, hey, are we actually going to do this recon and Delta Charlie's like, well, we don't have to. And then he says, but would that be the right thing to do? It was like, oh, I'm like, I'm so glad I didn't say it. I don't want it to do. It's freaking freezing dude. It's freezing. It's going to be a four hour evolution kicking through the surf and like being that guy. And actually, this wasn't me because I was a radio man. So I was in the boat with the GPS like marking our spots. So I wasn't the one that's going to suffer. But the number four man or five man that's getting pounded by four foot waves for an hour as we do a freaking perp and or no parallel recon off the flutter board. I hate to admit it. But I've had to heard swimmer scouts in like three times before I actually rolled out of the boat. Because I didn't want to because I was so cold. It's from skeleton. Okay. It was a close circuit. It was a little closer. Get in. Okay. So that's why we take care of our people. That's what we're talking about with this incredible leader Joshua Chamberlain. It's a bunch of examples too. We'll hit up where you're just treating his guys with the most respect. Yeah. And I mean, just look at the way on the last podcast. We talked about the way he treated mute nears. The way he treated prisoner mute nears with respect. Listen to what they had to say. Said, okay, I got your back. And as soon as he said, he was going to take care of them. They took care of him. So take nothing else away. Freaking take care of your people. Going back to the book here. This is this is from a where starts talking about military operations on the white oak road. The operations of the fifth core on the white oak road. And once again, this is after he's coming back from five months of recovery and getting sent back from line after he got shot hit the hip arteries blown apart. He's just stuck away. Yeah. And then it gets hospitalized. It gets sneaks away to get back to the front. Fifth core on the white oak road, 31st of March 1865, were more serious in purpose and action than has generally been understood. He says, and again, we're trying, I'm trying not to try. I'm trying not to talk through the entire scheme of maneuver on these things. It's much easier to do that visually than through the audio format. But just to give you some general understanding of the scenario, Lee's army during the previous winter had become much weakened by lack of supplies, desertions, and general demoralization of the Confederate cause and Grant was determined to take decisive measures to break the whole Confederate hold on Virginia. He planned a vigorous movement to cut Lee's communications and also those of Richmond and at the same time to turn the right flank of Lee's entrenched line before Peter's burrck and break up his army. Again, the reason we're still talking about Peter's burrck, which we talked about on the last podcast is because that's a nine months of entrenched warfare of trench warfare. The scope of grants intentions may be understood from an extract from his orders to Sheridan. So now we're talking about General Grant on March 28, 1865. He says, the fifth army corps will move by Vaughn Road at 3 a.m. tomorrow morning. The second moves at about 9 a.m. move your cavalry as at as early an hour as you can and passing two or through didn't witty reach the height and rear of the enemy as soon as you can. It is not the intention to attack the enemy in his entrenched position, but to force him out if possible. Should he come out an attack us or get himself where he can be attacked move in with your entire force in your own way and with the full alliance that the army will engage or follow the enemy as circumstances will dictate. So the reason I wanted to point out this orders because think about this is really good decentralized command. Hey, do this in your own way. Figure it out. I don't care and we'll back you up. Cover move. I shall be with you on the field and we'll probably be able to communicate with you. That's that's not a great calm square. I'll probably be able to communicate with you. Guess what? Should I not do so and you find that the enemy keeps within his main entrenched line you may cut loose and push for the Danville road? If you find it practical, I would like you to cross the south side road between Peter'sburg and Berksville and destroy it to some extent after having accomplished the destruction of the two railroads which are now the only avenues of supply to Lee's army. You may return to this army or go into North Carolina and join General Sherman. So very broad strategic guidance about what he wants done. Plenty of decentralized command happening there. It's good stuff. In his personal letter to General Sherman of March 22nd giving the details of his plans for Sheridan's movements, he adds, I shall start out with no distinct view further than holding Lee's forces from following Sheridan. That's the only thing he's trying to do. That's a great this is when we talk about commanders intent. That's the commanders intent right there. I got no distinct view other than holding Lee's forces from following Chega. That's what I'm going to do. But I shall be along myself and we'll take advantage of anything that turns up. These are flexible, good plans. Fast forward a little bit. Our whole division had arrived at the chapel, the Shappel house. When at about noon my command was ordered to retrace its steps by the Vaughan to the Quaker Road and push up toward the salient of the enemy's works near Burgess Mill. Again, if you want to pull out a map, go pull out a map and you can see exactly what that means. All this stuff is so well documented. Fording the run and forcing the position, we soon developed a strong line which had entrenched itself as an advanced post to cover the important point at Burgess Mill. After stubborn fighting for over two hours, involving a loss to us of 167 killed and wounded, including some of our most valued officers. I don't know why he doesn't. He doesn't describe that battle in much detail in this section. Other than the destruction it was caused, including some of our most valued officers and a much heavier loss to the enemy, of whom more than 100 killed and 50 wounded with 160 prisoners taken by a sudden countercharge, fell into our hands. We pushed the enemy quite back to the white oak road and into their entrenchments behind it. On the 13th, the fifth corps, relieved by the second, moved to the left along Boiton Road advancing. It's left towards the right of the enemy's entrenchments on white oak road. Lee also apprehensive for his right sent McGowan South Carolina Brigade and MacRays North Carolina of Hillscore to strengthen Bushrod Johnson's division in the entrenchments there. So again, trying to set this up a little bit for you. The precise details of these orders and movements were of course not known to General Grant. So General Lee's got stuff going on which you know, just heard me kind of lay out of course General Grant doesn't know what's happening. But enough had been developed on the Quaker Road to lead Grant to change materially. His original purpose of making the destruction of the railroads, the principal objective of shared in his movements. At the close of our fight there Grant had dispatched Sheridan, our line is now unbroken from apimatics to DynWitty. I feel I now feel like ending the matter if possible before going back. I do not want you there for to cut loose and go after the enemy's roads at present. In the morning push around the enemy if you can and get onto his right rear. The movements of the enemy's cavalry may of course modify your action. We will act together as one army here until it is seen what can be done with the enemy. So he's making some adjustments to what his original plan were. Still giving some, you know, some statement that the enemy gets a vote and you can modify your what you're doing. You can modify your actions is actually what he says. And you know, part of the reason I'm going through some of these commands because it's it's interesting to hear what these orders were like. And how they came across and the importance of writing well and being able to write things in a simple clear concise manner that everybody understands. So important. It's also important to realize that no matter how clearly you think you articulate something, the chances of that person having it and understanding it, it's exactly the manner that you wish to convey it are not strong, which is again another proactive reason to maintain flexibility in what you're telling people to do. And if you give them what the objective is, look, it's a lot easier for me to tell you hey Jason, we're trying to get to this hill over here. That's it's pretty hard. I want you to seize this hilltop. It's hard for you to miss and interpret what I say. Hey, go seize this hilltop. You need to go take that hilltop. Okay. Well, you know what you're doing. Now if I start saying hey, I want you to take that hilltop and I want you to maneuver this direction, plus I want you to set this up over here. Now those are a bunch of things that can get miss and interpret it. Yeah, or we need to lay our artillery fire down on this thing. Get me to a good spot to lay our artillery fire and then I can choose the hilltop that makes the most sense for me. Yeah. So simple, clear concise. That concise piece is a real thing. When you start talking too much and trying to convey too much and there's a balance, of course, you know, like take the hill. That might not be enough. If I say take the hill in order to provide artillery support to this spot. Now you can make all kinds of things happen. Oh, communication. Fast forward a little bit. My command was the extreme left of our lines. My own brigade along the difficult branch of gravel. We run facing toward airies with the, and that's another another leader out here with Gregory's brigade, which had reported to me for this campaign refused, which is a term that meant bent back at right angles. So as to face, Westerly, along a country road leading from Boydon to Claireborn Road. And this is where we can start to get into a little bit. It may seem strange that in such a state of things, Warren should have been made, should have made the suggestion for a movement to his front. But he was anxious as we're all his subordinates to strike a blow in the line of our main business, which was to turn Lee's right and break up his army. Wet and worn and famished as we all were, we were alive to the thought that prompt, that promptness and vigor of action. What we like to call violence of action would at all events determine the conditions and chances of the campaign. And if this movement did not involve the immediate turning of Lee's right in his entrenchments, it would secure the white oak road to the west of them, which Grant had a shirt shared in was of much importance. And would enable us to hold Lee's right in check so that Sheridan could either advance on white oak road towards us and Burgess Mill as Grant asked him to do or make a dash on the south side railroad and cut their communications and turn to right by a wider sweep as Grant had also suggested him do. Late in the afternoon, Warren received through general web chief of staff the following order. General, mead, general, mead directs that should you determine by your reconnaissance that you can gain possession of and hold white oak road, you are to do so notwithstanding the order to suspend operations today. So he's getting told, okay, if you go do a reconnaissance, this is what Warren's getting told. Go do a reconnaissance. If you think that through your reconnaissance, you can take white oak road and you can hold it. Then do it. Unless we tell you not to do anything today. Okay. And so this just turns into the biggest, I had a hard time like he's trying to explain to us how much confusion was going on there. Yeah, I was like, oh my gosh. Yeah, and that's trying to track the confusion and I'm getting confused. Yeah, like I guess I didn't even need to say like, hey, this is going to be confusing and it's harder to track. Even if you go watch the video on YouTube with the animated pieces from 40,000 feet, you're still going to have a little, I'm going to want, I'm going to watch that again. Wait, who is this over here? But so he gets told, hey, if you think you can take it, take it and this is what Chamberlain writes, this gave a sudden turn to dreams. In that humiliation, fasting and prayer, visions arose like prophecy evolved. We felt the swing and sweep. We saw the enemy turn front and flank across the white oak road, shared and flashing on our wheeling flank, cutting communications, and flating the Claireborn entrenchments, our second core over the main works followed up by our troops in the old line, seizing the supreme moment to smash in the Petersburg defenses, scattering capture all that was left of Lee's army and sweep away every menace to the old flag between us and the James River. Mirage and glamour of boyish fancy measuring things by its heart, day dreams of men familiar with this aster, drenched in famous, but building as ever, castles of their souls above the level river of death. What a way to say, hey, bro, don't get your hopes up too high. This is when you're, what is it? You're emotions outweigh your capability. What's that? That's her. The capability. Don't let your enthusiasm outrun your capability. That's what he's talking about here. Hey, if we, if we go, man, we can take white oak road, we can freaking cut the lines. We're going to do it. All we're going to win it all. Day dreams of men familiar. This was scary. Men familiar with this aster. These are hardened combat veterans and they're drenched in famished, but they build castles of their souls above the level river of death. Such a good warning to us. Don't let your enthusiasm outweigh your capability. It was mingled with feelings of mortification, apprehension and desperation that in the very ecstasy of these visions, word came to us of Sheridan's latest dispatch to grant the evening before that pickets division of infantry was deployed along the white oak road, his right reaching to five forks, and the whole rebel cavalry was massing at that place, so Sheridan would be held in check by them instead of dashing up as was his want to give a cyclone edge to our weeling flank. Grant's dispatch to me transmitting this was a dire disenchantment, the Nell rang thus. From this dispatch, Warren will not have the cavalry support on his left flank that I expected he must watch closely his left flank. So now we're getting told we're all excited and now we're being told. No, you're not going to have any support. And this is this is the ups and downs of war, right? The highs and lows of combat. It's go, it's not a go. It's a go, it's not a go. Although Grant had given outward that there should be no movement of troops that day, Lee seems not so to have Lee seems not so to have resolved. So the enemy gets a vote, hey, we don't think there's going to be any movement this day. Lead in the degree with that. Lead it. We wasn't part of that plan. Driven to seize every advantage or desperate expedition, he ordered four brigades to move out from their entrenchments, get across the flank of the fifth court and smash it in. We did not know this, but it was the very situation which Grant had made for the occasion for attacking ourselves. It was a strange coincidence, but it was to both parties a surprise. The enemy gets a vote. That's what's happening. This was the condition of things and of minds when the advance ordered for the white oak road was put into execution. Eres advanced, soldier-like, as was his nature, resolute, thumb-hearted, fearing nothing and truth not fearing quite enough. Although he believed his advance would bring on a battle he moved without skirmishes, skirmishers, but in a wedge-like formation guarding both flanks. The enemy onset was swift and the encounter sudden, the blow fell without warning, enveloping Aries complete front. General Hunting says they were not expecting to strike our troops so soon and that the attack was not made by usual orders, but that on discovering our advance so close upon them, a gallient lieutenant in his brigade sprung forth in the front of his line, waving his sword with the shout, follow me boys, whereupon all three brigades on their right dashed forward into the charge. There's a little decentralized command. Well that's the reverse of what happened on the roundtop, right? They do a bayonet charge. They destroy numerically superior force because they took him by surprise and here this is the confederates doing it to them. And actually, they're like, oh well they didn't do it by the little pit, they got in that echelon and so there's a little bit of complacency there which will always get you. Yeah that'll always get you. Luckily you got some young lieutenant that sees what's happening and says you know what, I'm going to make something happen. We're going on the counter, follow me boys. Went for up was overwhelmed in his superior and his support to demoralized. All he could hope for was to retire in Gordon order, meaning retreat. That's what he's hoping you'll be able to get out of there. This he exerted himself to effect, but this is not an easy thing to do when once the retreat is started before a spirited foe superior numbers or in the flush and rush of success. So they confederate guy that did the decentralized command and just charge them, right? Yes. And that just broke them. The, the, and now we've got the union saying, oh we got a retreat like we're screwed. Um, which is bad. And then he talks about worse. Yeah, well it's worse. And he said he's this, this wind drop, all he can hope for is that they can get out of there like not losing control. And he says he tries to make that happen. But it's not an easy thing when the retreat is started before a spirited foe superior number. So there's more confederates, they're fired up, they're flush from having being like they got momentum going on and in vain the gallant Dennis and strove to stem the torrent, a disabling wound struck down his brave example. And the effect of this shows how much moral forces have to do in sustaining the physical. So you've got a gallant individual that's trying to get to stop people from just running away. Because if you just run away, you're going to take massive casualties. Look, if you retreat, you're going to take casualties. But to put it in very simple terms, if you don't cover and move as you retreat, you're going to get slaughtered. So you've got to say, okay, you know, platoon over here, you guys laid that down fire, we'll go back 50 yards, then we'll lay down fire for you. You have to do that. If you just all get up and turn tail, you're just going to get shot in the back. And you're going to get slaughtered. So the leadership is trying to make that happen, trying to make it an orderly retreat. And this disinvisual is stepping up, trying to like, okay, hey, platoon hold and all of a sudden he gets shot. And then he says that the this effect shows the moral, how much more the moral forces have to do and then sustaining the physical. So when that happens, it just falls apart, brigade after brigade broke. And that instant brigade after brigade broke. That strange impulse turned a panic took effect. And the retreat became a route. Aries like a roaring lion in devours to check the disorder and make a stand on each favoring crest and wooded ravine button vane. His men stream past him. Oh, so he's every time he gets a little terrain feature, Aries steps up and hey, hold up. Hey, let's get some cover fire. They just run by him. They come back on Crawford's veteran division and burst through it in spite of all the indignant Kellogg can do involving this also in the demoralization and the whole crowd comes back reckless of everything but to get behind the lines on Boitner Road, plunging through the swampy run, breaking through Griffin's right where he and Barlett reformed behind the third brigade. So finally, they rum back behind friendly lines. The enemy pursuing swarmed down the bank opposite us and are met by sharp fire of muscatry and artillery which we had made ready on hearing the noise of the retreat. So once the people that are retreating get behind friendly lines, union lines, now the the enemy's common after them and they engage. We were expecting them to fall in force on our left and Gregory's front. When I was riding along that line anxious about this, when General Warren and General Griffin came down at full speed, both out of breath, breath with their efforts to rally the panic stricken man whose honor was their own and evidently under great stress of feeling. So now you got General Warren and General Griffin come down on their horse to their out of breath and they're trying to rally the guys because it's their guys. He says whose honor was their own. It's their guys that are retreating. Griffin breaks fourth first and after his high proof fashion General Chamberlain the fifth core is eternally damned. I have said some pleasant trees, not until you are in heaven. Griffin does not smile nor hear but keeps right on. I tell Warren you will wipe out this disgrace and that's what we're here for. Hey it's all on you bro it's all on you Chamberlain we're we're we're damned. Then Warren breaks out with stirring phrase but uttered as if in delirium of fever General Chamberlain will you save the honor of the fifth core. That's all there is about it. That appealed demanded a shivalrous response. Honour is a mighty sentiment and the fifth core was dear to me but my answer was not up to keynote. I confess that. I was expecting every moment and attack on my left flank now that the enemy had disclosed our situation and my little brigade had taken the brunt of things thus far but the day before the last winning a hard fought field from which they had come off grievously thinned and torn and worn and once I had hardly but fought myself that day. I had hardly brought myself away so he barely made it off the last battlefield and we already talked about his casualties. He didn't talk much about the previous battle but they had already taken a couple hundred or almost a couple hundred casualties and he barely made it off. I mentioned Bartlett who had our largest and best brigade which had been but little engaged. We have come to you you know that you know what that means. I'll try it General only don't let anybody stop me except the enemy. Right on. Yeah so they've been put in check a bunch of times you know hey hold what you got not just in this battle but there's some specific moments when that happens where they're getting held back held back held back and he says you know I'll try but don't let anybody stop me but the enemy. I had reason for that protest as things had been going on. They say back to I will have a bridge ready here in less than an hour. You can't get men through this swamp in any kind of order says Warren it may do to come back on General it will not stop. It will not do to stop for that now. My men will go straight through so they want to bring like one of those pontoon bridges down. Chamberlain hey in an hour we'll have you pontoon bridge. Otherwise you can not get me to do it. That'll do to come back. We'll come back on that bridge when we're done. So at a word the first baton of the hundred ninety-eightth Pennsylvania major Glenn commanding plunges into the muddy branch waste deep and more with cartridge boxes born upon the bayonet sockets above the turbid waters. The second baton keeping the banks beyond clear of the enemy by their well-directed fire. We got cover move going on by the way. Until the first has formed in the skirmish order and pressed up the bank I followed with the rest of the brigade in the line of battle and Gregories in column of regiments. The enemy fell back without much resistance until finding supports on broken strong ground. They made stand after stand. Griffin followed with Bartlett Bartlett's brigade in reserve. In due time areas troops got across and followed up on our left rear walk Crawford with somewhere to our right and rear but out of sight or reach after we had once cleared the bank of the stream. After sharp fighting here we drove them across an extensive field to some works they seem to have already prepared of the usual sort in field operations, logs and earth from which they delivered a severe fire which caused the right of my line to waver, taking advantage of the slight shelter of a crest in the open field I was preparing for a final charge when I received an order to hold my command and defend my position as best I could. I did not like that much. It was a hard place to stay in. The officer who brought me the order had his horse shot under him as he delivered it. So here you are, you're ready to make a charge and all of a sudden they say, hey hold you got. And by the way the person that told you to stay there just had his horse shot out from under him. I rode back to see what the order meant. I found General Griffin in general warned in the edge of the woods overlooking the field and reported my plans. We had already more than recovered the ground taken and lost by the second and third divisions. The fifth corps had been rapidly and completely vindicated and the question was now of taking white oak road. So they've gotten back all the ground. The fifth corps, yay we delivered. You wanted me to rectify the honor lost by the brigade. By the course, sorry, we did it. And he says, I proposed a Gregory to put Gregory's brigade into those woods by battalion in National on by the left by which formation he could take in flanking reserve and succession. My any attacks on my right when Gregory should be well advanced. I would charge the works across the field with my own brigade. My plan being approved. I instructed Gregory to keep in the woods. So, it's another great example of pushback. They tell him, hold, he goes way to second. They're not seeing something. And I'm seeing goes back and talks to his leadership and says, I got a better idea. How about this? Yeah. And they say, get some. And the moment he struck any opposition to Opo. This is another part of the plan was at the moment. This was for Gregory. The moment he struck any opposition to open at once with full valleys and make all the demonstration he could. And I would seize that moment to make a dash at the works in my front. Had I known to the fact that generally himself was personally directing affairs in our front, I might not have been so rash or thought myself so cool. So he comes up with this plan and later he finds out, I was generally he was going up against down. And now it gets down to business. He says, what we had to do could not be done by firing. This was foot and hand business. We went with a rush, not minding ranks or alignments, but with open front to lessen loss from long range rifles. Within effective range, about 300 yards, the sharp cutting fire made us real and shiver. Now, quick or never, on and over. The impetuous 180 fifth New York rolls over the enemy's right and seems to swallow it up. The 198th Pennsylvania with its 14 companies, half veterans, half soldiers born so swing in from their left striking huntins brigade in the front. And for a few minutes, there is a seething wave of counter-currents, then rolling back leaving a fringe of wrecks and all is over. We pour over the works on across the white oak road, swing to the right and drive the enemy into their entrenchments along the Claireborn road, and then establish ourselves across the road facing northeast and take a breath. There's a footnote in here. General Hunton, since Senator from Virginia, said in his testimony before the war in court, speaking of this charge, the charge that he led, the charge that chambered in lead, I thought it was one of the most of gallant things I had ever seen. Major Woodward in his history, the 198th Pennsylvania, giving a graphic outline of the last dash closes with an incident I had not reported recorded. Only for a moment he says did the sudden and terrible blast of death cause the right of the line to waver. On they dashed every color flying, officers leading right in and among the enemy, leaping the breastworks, a confused struggle of firing, cutting, thrusting, a tremendous surge of force, both moral and physical on the enemy's breaking lines and the works were carried. Private Augustus Zeber captured the flag of the 46th Virginia in mounting one of the parapids and handed it to General Chamberlain in the midst of the melee who immediately gave it back to him, telling him to keep it and take the credit that belonged to him. Almost that entire regiment was captured at the same time. It was scarcely needed be added that the man who captured that battle flag was sent with it in person to General Warren and that he received a metal of honor from the government. So again the representation of these flags is, it means that and the fact that Zeber Caps Zeber Zeber Zeber Zeber? Yeah Augustus Augustus, Zeber captures the flag and then he's like, hey man, you got it, you keep it. Nobody misses that. Nobody. They're like, oh, that's the guy that's letting the team have the credit and that's the kind of leader that you're going to die for that you're going to be afraid of disappointing because he's pushing it and there's just an example of what after example of him doing that kind of thing. Yeah that's literally what you said it's the the the flag, the symbol of the enemy is this thing, this flag and that's all the credit. That is the credit. And the young soldier gives him the credit and he says, no, you get the credit. In due time Gregory came out of the woods, his face beaming with satisfaction at the result which his solid work so faithfully performed had been essential. By the way this is just a giant cover move. Gregory's over in the wood line laying down fire as soon as they got to a point where they had good angle, he they let loose the fire and that was chambering signal to go and they went. That's why there's no other tactic that's it. His brigade was placed in line along the white oak road on our right and a picket thrown out close up to the enemy's works. This movement had taken three hours and was almost a continuous fight with several crescendo passages and a final cadence of wild chromatic sweep settling in the steady keynote thrilling with the chords of its unwritten overtones and undertones. It had cost us a hundred men but this was all too great of men like these and for oblivion. It was to cost us something more a sense of fruitlessness and thanklessness. Fast forward in a little bit. Grant had experienced a sudden change of mine. Mind a complete and decided one. His imperative order now received meant giving up entirely the position we had just been ordered to entrench across the hard one white oak road. That I mean after this it just turns into a huge mess which would take like three hours just to try to entangle. I guess the biggest example of it is just really poor communication, information coming in at weird times. Yeah we'll jump into that's worth jumping and that's one of the reasons I felt like I had to sort of try and explain some of the maneuver, the scheme of maneuver so that we could when we get to the kind of breakdown of all these orders that were coming in when they came in. This is another one of those orders which is hey give up what you just fought for that's the fruitfulness that he just talked about. This is why. And it goes then it says Warren anxious to fulfill the spirit and object of the order rather than render a mechanical obedience the letter of it since his nearest division under areas the strong stern old soldier of the Mexican work to start once at once for Sheridan. This was the situation when half past 10 in the evening came in order throwing everything into a complete model. It was for me to Warren send Griffin promptly as ordered by the Bointon plank road but move the balance of your command by the road Bartlett is on and strike the enemy in the rear who is between him and Denwitty. So now you can see now the orders are becoming very very specific. Actually telling this person to go to this place and do this thing. Instead of letting the people in the ground hey my intent is to get to the rear of the enemy. If you said that to me cool I got a group that's even closer a group that didn't take that many casualties or a group where I got a super aggressive leader and he can make it happen. But when you give these very specific micromanaging directions you're going to impose things on that you might not have intended. Who's the person best to solve the problem? The guy back in the tent or the person closest to the problem. And that's what you're empowering those folks to do and you're like hey here's what we need to do and then you figure out because it's just a it's all these specific orders coming in. Yeah. It would have been guys around. Yeah and if you and if you see something or know something from the tent that the person in the front can't know or can't see then it's your job to inform them of that so that they can put that into the calculus of their decision making process. Pat and said the Denwitty example but the leader on the front is always wrong. The leader in the front is always right. The leader in the front is always right. So you support that guy. Jason calls back and says hey I need air sport. Cool. I'm getting your sport. You tell me you need another platoon? Sport cool. We're sending another platoon. I'm not saying what do you do that? If I if you say hey I'm going to maneuver to the north instead of the south okay let me make sure you have the support you need. Not what? Actually think it would be better to. Unless I see hey Jason there's a massive enemy force coming in from the west. You need to see her clear there. Oh thank you for telling me. Another by this order the core was to be turned and for end and inside out. Four of Warren might be forgiven if at such an order his head slam and his wits collapsed. He responds thus and has been much blamed for by those under his canvas. Then since I issued my orders on general webs first dispatch to call back which made the divisions retire in order of Aries Crawford and Griffin which was the order they could most rapidly move in. I cannot change them tonight without producing confusion that will render all my operations new gatorie. I will now send general Aries to general Sheraton and take general Griffin a general Crawford to move against the enemy at this last dispatch directs I should. I cannot accomplish the object of the orders I have received. He says look dude I've already got people in a certain order out here if I start trying to rearrange them in the middle of the night are you kidding me? No. But what inconceivable addition to the confusion came in the following dispatch from general me to Warren at one o'clock at night would not time be gained by sending troops by the Quaker Road. Again this is my bad micro management happening. One of the very first academy briefs that I did on the academy was about I called it the whip. And yeah I talked about we were but we were on the orgs we were on a ship and we're supposed to be doing some training mission and we get told hey you're going to take your zodiac boats and load them on a helicopter and go do this mission. Okay cool. So what does that mean? It means about four or five hours of preparation zodiacs we got to get the the Mogas fuel to the right part of the ship. We got to get the equipment prepped and loaded into the zodiacs then we got to get the zodiacs moved to up to the helodeck and then we got to tie them all up with all that freaking 10,000 feet of half inch and one inch tube your nylon put the honeycomb card board into the bottom and put packed the freaking engine into it and there's this massive amount of work. We're doing it and then we get word hey actually you're not going by helode you're going by rib boat, rigid home, flatable boat. Okay so we start breaking all that stuff down. It takes us another five hours to break it down and get these zodiacs ready to launch with the ribs. Just as we complete that task what comes back actually is looks like it's going to be helos. So this is some I've lived that same. Oh it's a nightmare and I called the whip because it's a little tiny movement up at the top it's just a little oh we're going to use helos okay he literally changes one word in a brief insert by helos insert by rib. Change one word in this little briefing takes him four seconds and it costs us five hours of work and then very quickly changes it back to ribs back to helos and so as leaders we have to understand the impact that the little movement you have from the top takes on the bottom. Who corrected that? I think we like deal art on the fourth change. Like no actually I just I think my pertune comment I was like hey we we don't we can't actually do that the only thing we can do is launch on whatever it was I think but that point was on ribs we can't we don't have time to get he was ready what do you mean you're off time it takes five hours to rig four boats for freaking oh yeah it's interesting and that's one of those things where dude I just raised your blood pressure it there's because I've lived like somebody comes out of this air conditioned space where they're doing it and they're like I live that in Gwang like hey we're going to do a stack duck and we get all the way to where we get the jump master to come to a stack duck is when we have we're going to jump two zodiacs via parachute and the rest of us are going to parachute and then it turns into the limp duck where now it's not going to get parachute you did but it's just going to get pushed out the back out of the locker. It's got to get re-rigged completely and everything changes and you're just getting flailed around and and that's when mistakes happen and that's one it's good that like hopefully there's somebody in there in in the decision making process it's like hey you're jerking everybody around right now that's detached because the guys that are they're making these calls they don't realize it they're just coming up with a bunch of good ideas and they've forgotten what's happening at the end of that whip that they're rate waving around continues on here rapidly changing plans and movements in affecting the single purpose for battle for which battle is delivered or what a soldier must expect the end the ability to form them wisely and promptly illustrates and test military capacity but the condition in this case rendered the execution of these peculiarly perplexing orders had to pass through many hands and in the difficulty of delivering owing to distance and the nature of the ground the situation was called which called for them had often entirely changed hence some discretion as to the details in executing a definite purpose must be accorded to subordinate commanders decentralized command thank you the details in executing a definite purpose the purpose needs to be definite this is what we're doing the details of execution let the subordinate commanders do it look for a moment at the summary of the orders worn receive that evening even after we hit reached white oak road affecting his command in detail one to send a brigade to manage the enemies rear before shared but he had already but he had already a divid of his own accord set Bartlett's brigade of Griffin's division the nearest troops by the nearest way you already had the problem handle to send this brigade by the point in road instead of the crump this was a very different direction and a very different tactical effect but impossible to recall Bartlett warnant sent Pearson already on boyton road with a detachment of Bartlett's brigade three send Griffin's division by point in road to shared and then draw back the whole court of that road Griffin's division being widely and far scattered and impossible to be collected for hours warnant sends airies division nearest and most disengaged four to send airies and Crawford by the way of Bartlett had gone and insisting on Griffin's going by point in road this would cause airies and Bartlett to exchange places crossing each other no longer difficult and needless march airies having gone according to warnant orders Griffin and Crawford were to go by Bartlett's way but Griffin had sent for Bartlett with draw from his position and joined the division ready to mass on point road so this is just you can see why this is just mayhem it's total mayhem and it's mayhem from micro management is what it is mayhem from micro management it is difficult to keep keep a clear head and trying to see this into this model now we can imagine the state of warnant's mind but this was not all within the space of two hours warn received orders involving important movements for his entire core in four different directions these came in rapid succession and in the following order one to retrench where he was on the wider white oak road and be ready to fight in the morning this was from grant to fall back with the whole core from the white oak road to boiten and send a division by this road to relieve Sheridan this was also from grant number three Griffin to be pushed down point in road but the rest of the core airies and Crawford to go across the fields to the crump road but the way Bartlett had gone and attack the enemy in the rear who's opposing Sheridan this was from meet this required a movement in precisely opposite direction from that indicated in the preceding order which was now partly executed airies had already started number four needs advice to send these troops backed by Quaker Road 10 miles around and give up the rear attack number five to these may be added the actual final movement which was that airies went down the boiten road and Griffin and Crawford went by dirt road across the country to crump road as indicated in meet's previous orders there's one more thing general grant thought it necessary in order to make sure that Sheridan would have complete an absolute command of his troops to send a special message asking me to make that distinct announcement to Sheridan this is craziness the orders which came to general one that night were a two an amazing degree confused and conflicting this is charging no blame on any particular person we will call it if you please the fault of circumstances but of course the responsibility for the evil effects of such conditions must naturally in military usage and ethics rest upon the officer receiving them and when he is not allowed to use his judgment as to the details of his own command it makes it very hard for him sometimes indeed it is not very pleasant to be a subordinate officer especially if one is also at the same time a commanding officer but in this case I think the trouble was the result of other recognizable contributor toary circumstances if I might not say causes so he's got some other reasons why this stuff happened this is just it's his maim and he's he's in writing the most articulate and eloquent case for decentralized command and not micromanaging some of the reasons he says the awkwardness of having in the field so many superior rather than coordinate commanders bunch of people make bunch of chiefs no Indians and it's not really clear who's the main effort and I think they shifted up at one point and you call this a double objective one point being Sheridan's independent operations to cut the enemy's communications the other turning of leaves right and breaking up his army by the entry which one of those this is prioritized next which one of these is more important which one do you want us to do and by the way you can't just say both because both only works if the enemy doesn't get a vote but the enemy is going to get a vote and so it's weather and so it's your troops and so it's morale and so it's the supply chain like all these things are going to have an impact so we got to know what's the most important thing you want done number three these supreme commanders being as such a distance from the field of operation on the 31st of March that was impossible to have a complete mutual understanding when orders were put into effect you're not up there and you're making calls from the rear with the gear number four time lost and sequence confused by the difficulty of getting over the ground to carry orders or obey them oh into the condition of the roads or lack of them and the extreme darkness of the night so yeah communication problems he says at three o'clock I had got my pickets which were replaced by crawfers and let my men rest as quietly as possible knowing there would be heavy burns laid on them in the morning so all this freaking chaos is going on and by the way like when that whip hits the freaking infantry men that's out with his single last shoes that I've put made from left freaking foot God and he's lost four of his friends and he's hasn't eaten and he's thirsty after such a day and night as that of the 31st of March 1865 the morning of April 1st found the men of the 5th course strangely glad they were alive they'd experienced a kaleidoscopic regeneration they were ready for the next new turn the test of ordinary probation had been passed all the effects of humiliation fasting and prayer believe to sink the body and exalt the spirit had been fully wrought in them at the weird midnight trumpet call they rose from their fields as those whom death no longer had any power they're pulling out for the march in the ghostly midst of dawn look like a passage in the trans migration of souls not sent back to work out the remnant of their sins as animals but lifted to a third plane by that three days of the underworld eliminating since incorporating this old there's a word I had to look up trans migration that's basically reincarnation so they're getting reincarnated not as animals but lifted to a third plane there was an interesting note on here on the term infantry did you do the etymology of the word infantry don't know it infant yep the lamest etymology I'd ever heard I was so bomb that it almost didn't want to talk about it on the podcast but back in the day the infantry were the people that weren't old enough or mature enough or of high status enough to fight on horses and so they're infants they're the babies I didn't want to say this I can't I can't not say it I can't say it's not true but that's where it comes from because what does he say uh shared in it also come to the opinion that infantry was a good thing to have around however by some queer break in the hierarchy of honor subordinated to the shavileers the biped meaning the person to the quadripet meaning the horse and by some freak of etymology named infantry the speechless because that's another thing like hey you don't need to say anything you're infantry the speeches us whether because they couldn't talk or because they mustn't tell sorry infantry troopers of the world you have my utmost respect and I apologize for the etymology of your name torb they have no idea what to make of it we'll stick with grunts the troops what's that uh I want to press fields book on on afghanistan the afghanistan campaign they're one of the infantry guy goes you know what we are we're mules mules that kill yeah it's all they do is walk and pack gear that's a good one then fight well the the dedication in about face to all the go boys the ground pounders the grunts the american infantrymen there you go go and back to the book the troops had enjoyed about four hours of this unwanton rest when the cavalry having completed its reconnaissance were ordered for it and by the way he talks about this there's a march that they take place that they have to freaking march their ass off they to keep up with the cavalry horses we were trying to follow closely we're brought this is the talking about the march we were trying to try to follow closely we're brought to frequent standstill this was vexatious another good word for you armen being heard to the feet in heavy marching order carrying on their backs perhaps three days life for themselves and a pretty big heavy installment of death and for their antagonist and now compelled every few minutes to come to a huddled halt in the muddy road marking time and marking place and also with deep discontent in about two hours we get up to wear shared in wands us i think it's crazy to that he in this in this elevated book he still talks about the fact that it sucks when you're walking and you got to stop and then you go and then you stop and then you go and you stop and it's hurry up and wait he even has to mention that that it's vexatious to have that happen uh during this impatient waiting for the seemingly slow preparatory formation our spiritual wheels were lubricated by the flow of discussion explanation about the plan of attack shared and took a scape a saber a scabbard and described it graphically on the lighter so this is the this is the classic hey he pulls out his sword and draws in the dirt what we're gonna do the plan in general is for the cavalry to occupy the enemies attention by a brisk demonstration along the right front of their works while the fifth course should fall fall upon their left and rear by a sort of surprise if possible and scoop them out of their works along the white oak road and capture or disorganize them cover and move go ahead and we're back to where he was yesterday because yesterday they were holding white oak road and they got jacked around and drugged around and walked all the way around and now they're right back where they started it's amazing that they just didn't just completely get pissed off and throw the rifle down and there's all kinds of confusion in fact he says illities at such confusion of mind I wrote over to general Griffin who with general warn was close on my left that the early stage of this movement and asked for an explanation Griffin answers quickly we will not worry about ourselves and diagrams we are to follow Crawford circumstances will develop our duty okay well that's that that's more helpful than that diagram there about again the start of movie says I halted my line and wrote ahead through the woods to some high cleared ground the southeast and corner of a large field known as Sidnor Field along the opposite edge of which I could see strong skirmishing along Crawford's front and turning suddenly looking across broken scrubby ground could see Aries troops engaged in a confused world of struggling groups with fitful firing so he's maneuvered into position where he can see what's happening there was Aries fighting alone and that was not in the program meaning that wasn't part of the plan there was Griffin down there that was an order enough for me and I took the responsibility of looking out for the left instead of the right where my last orders committed me I pulled my my brigade out of the wood by the left flank telling Gregory to follow and sending to Bartlett to let him know what I was doing pushed across a muddy stream and up through our veen toward Aries halfway up Griffin came to meet me never more welcome he gave the look I wanted and without coming near another forward wave me to follow up to the head of the ravine and to attack on my right along the bank where hidden by brush and scrub the enemy had a line perpendicular to their main one on white oak road and we're commencing a slant fire and Aries direction Griffin road passed me toward Warren and Bartlett so there's a bunch of things going on there number one he'd been told to do one thing but he looks at what's happening and decides I got to do something else and on top of that he then he actually tells other people hey I'm I'm adjusting the plan here so you know I'm doing this I mean that's what right looks like yeah that's what right looks like and again it's when you think about the details he's writing this book the detail that you just pointed out was important enough to him to put it in here to say uh I let him know what I was doing and you know when we mentioned on the last podcast about getty's broken hey this guy took initiative it was good this guy took initiative it was bad what's the difference one of the there's several differences one of the differences oh I took initiative but didn't tell anyone that's bad oh I took initiative and tell people what I was getting to do then that's good that's one of the things that makes it good so again you got to pay attention to what he's paying attention to he's paying attention to all of us telling us leaders hey when you're gonna change something you need to let people know what you're doing and then I just thought it's cool you know talk about relationships and sort of like the silent leader just see the guy look at him I got you the head nod we're going Erie's fitful fire was approaching and I rode over towards it somewhere near the angle of the works I met Sheridan he had probably seen me putting my men in and hence I escaped censure for appearing indeed his criticism seemed to be that there was not more of me rather than less oh by God that's what I want to see was his greeting general officers at the front where your general officers I replied that I'd seen general warrants flag in the big field north of us and that seeing Erie's was in a tight place I'd come to help him and by general Griffin's order then cried he with a bigger of utterance worthy of an army and flanders you take command of all the infantry round here and break this dam I didn't wait to hear any more that made good grammar as it's stood I didn't stand for anything but spurred back to some scattered groups of men demoralized by being so far on the rear and not far enough to do them any good yet too brave to go back Captain forint and of Griffin staff came along and I took him with me down among these men to get them up I found one stalwart fellow on his hands and knees behind the stump answering with wind circle grimst grimaces to the bullets coming pretty thick and near look here my good fellow I called down to him don't you know you'll be killed here in less than two minutes that would be a shame this is no place for you go forward but what can I do he cried I can't stand up against this all alone no that's just it I replied we're forming here I want for you to guide sinner up and forward up and out he came like a hero I formed those reserves on him as a guide in the whole queer line 200 of them went in right up to the front and like the thick of it my poor fellow only wanted a token of confidence and appreciation to get possession of himself he was proud of what he did and so was I for him freaking epic I got goosebumps from that man you know I tell that story I was at trade-ed and like the mount situations going on and the guys are getting all their ass kicked with paintball and everything and no one's making any decisions and I walked over to this one badass E5 and I looked down and I go hey bro I go what do you think you should do right now he's like we ought to freaking stone that building over there and get some freaking get some cover and I go why don't you make it happen and the look on his face I wish I had a video he looked at the look on his face was like wait why don't I make it happen you mean I can make this happen he was a strong point that building immediately everyone's still he said freaking I think you might have been a new guy might have been a one cruise wonder off the ask him because I know exactly what it is you know awesome guy but just that right there I mean then now this is a combat situation dude you just give that little bit of confidence you take charge this is taking ownership right when you we start about giving people ownership you give them ownership hey I'm gonna make you the center people always ask us what do you do when people not motivate give them ownership this is the example hence forth this is the example of giving ownership I despise running despise it you're not gonna catch me running unless I'm running toward a chocolate cake away from the police right but if you tell me to lead a run I can run somehow it's like somehow it's like anyone who's leading a run when you're doing a conditioning run you're like man they're really setting the space because somehow you're buoyed up by all those people behind you you own it too yeah general win was riding up and down their front in a demonstrative manner but giving no sign of forward movement I thought this strange for him and bad for all of us in the pinch things were at and with the warrant Sheridan had given me galloped down to him and asked him if he was acting under any particular orders from general areas no general you replied with an error of relief I've lost areas I have no orders I don't know what to do then you come with me I said I will take responsibility you shall have all the credit let me take your brigade for a moment so that's in two pages you've got giving ownership and taking ownership in two pages in two paragraphs really and by the way I'll take responsibility you'll have all the credit this dude is like deal deal and deal uh then Sheridan was by my side in a moment very angry you are firing into my cavalry here we get blue on blue he exclaims his face darkening with a checked expletive I was under a little pressure too and put on a bold air then the cavalry have got gotten into the rebels place one of us will have to get out of the way what we have as do general don't you fire into my cavalry I'll tell you was the fierce rejoiner so we got this freaking mayhem going on fast forward a little bit more they kind of sort that out I plunged into my business to make up for a minute it's lost time my men were still facing too much across areas front and getting into the range of his fire we had got we had got to change that and swing to the right down the rear of the enemy's main works it was a whirl every way was a front and every way was a flank the fighting was hand-a-hand I was trying to get the three angles of the triangle into something like two right angles and it swung my left well forward opening quite a gap in that direction when a large body of the enemy came rushing in from that flank and rear they were in line formation with arms at something like a ready which looked like business I thought it was our turn to be caught between two fires and that these men were likely to cut their way through us rushing into the ranks of my left battalion I shouted the order prepared a fire by the rear rank my men faced about at once disregarding the enemy in the front but at this juncture our portness visitors threw down their muskets and with hands and faces cried out we surrender running right up upon and almost over us I was very glad of it the more astonished for they outnumbered us largely that's the kind of turn of events such a like and it's it is one of those things that reminds me that he could have surrendered right there he could have surrendered you know well we're surrounded hey everyone drop your weapons it's that it's going that extra little moment right that extra what happens in fighting in boxing and MMA fighting where that extra like I'll go one more round who was it was that Ali Frischer and Ali had returned to his corner saying take off my take off my gloves like I'm done and they you know they're basically no you're not done he's like no I'm done and they said no you're not done so he's okay and I think it was Frischer said he was done didn't answer the bell so he won but he was just that he could have easily surrendered but he did held on for a little bit longer so he kicks into that too like those kind of his remember when he when he was young again to Zulu what happened where he that he just felt like now I'm kind of done and they're like oh yeah that's right he got to the after the first round big bring hex and the side and they're like hey hex and says I'm done man I'm done like I can't this isn't going to work I'm done I'm physically exhausted and they say no you're not done yet son this battle continues the hardest hold up wasn't front of my left center the first baton of the hundred and ninety eighth Pennsylvania I wrote up to the Gallant Glen commanding it and said major Glen if you will break that line you shall have a Colonel's commission it was a hasty utterance and the promise unmilitary perhaps but my every energy was focused on that moment's issue nor did that earnest soldier need a personal inducement he was already carrying out the general order to press the enemy before him with as much effect as we could reasonably expect but it was deep in my mind how richly he already deserved this promotion and I was resolved that he should get it now it was this thought and purpose which no doubt shaped my phrase and pardoned it Glen sprung among his men calling out boys will you follow me wield his horse and dashed forward without turning to see who followed nor did he need his words were a question his act in order yeah he doesn't say doesn't give nori literally ask the question will you follow me and then goes leadership by example and whatever kind of relationship and respect he had from his troops that when they see him go they go his words were a question his act in order on the brave fellows go with a cheer into the hurricane of fire their beautiful flags sways gray footh gracefully aloft with the spring of brave youth bearing it lighting the battle smoke three times it goes down to earth covered in darkening eddies but rises ever again passing from hand to hand of don'tless young heroes then bullet torn and blood blazing it hovers for a moment above the breastwork while the regiment goes over like a wave this I saw from my position to the left where I was pressing on the rest of my command the site brought upon me that I snatched time to ride over and congratulate Glen and his regiment as I passed into a deeper shadow of the woods I met two men bearing his body the dripping blood marking their path they stopped to tell me I saw it all too well he had snatched a battle flag from a broken regiment trying to rally on its colors when a broop bullet of the earth once pronounced good but since cursed for man sin struck him down to its level I could not stop I could stop but for a moment for still on my front was rush and turmoil and tragedy I could only bend down over him from the saddle and murmur unavailing words general I have carried out your wishes this was his only utterance it was as if another bullet had cut through me I fell almost across my saddle my wish God in heaven no more my wish than thine that this fair body still part of the unfallen good should be smitten to the sod that this spirit born of thine should be quenched by the accursed what dark miss giving searched me as I took the import of these words what sharp sense of responsibility for those who have committed to them the issues of life and death why should I have not let this onset take its general course and mend their natural chances why choose him out for his death and so take on myself the awful decision into what home irreparable loss and measureless desolation should cast their unliftered burden the crowding fought choked utterance I could only bend my face low to his and answer Colonel I will remember my promise I will remember you and press forward to my place where the crash and crushing agony of the struggle summoned me more to more of the same war nothing but the final infinite good for man and God can accept and justify human work like that yeah that some that massive burden that he feels just absolutely hitting him yeah again there's not much for me to say on that and even with that the battle's not over go forward a little bit and we had now come to the edge of a wide field across the road and the works on the enemies right known as the Gillum field here I came to share it in Griffin my troops all up in well in hand a sharp cavalry fight was going on in which some of Erie's men and my own had taken part when our line was checked at the last angle Griffin had ordered one of Crawford's kernels to advance the Colonel a brave well-balanced man replied that where soldiers as good as Griffin's men had failed he did not feel warranted in going in without proper orders very well I ordered you in says Griffin without adding that he did it as commander of the corps so there's a Colonel sitting there and there's this battle going on and Griffin says hey you need to get in there and the Colonel says well hey I don't think I should go in there if these guys can't get it done I'll pick out school in there unless I'm under orders and Griffin says very well then I order you in so he gives a little push back hey this doesn't seem like a great call and then he gets told you're going in the Gallant Colonel Bows he is Richardson of the seventh Wisconsin grass his regimental colors in his own hand significant of the need of his resolution in face of it and rides forward in advance of his men what can they do but follow such example general warrant with intensity of feeling that is now desperation snatches his core flag from the hands of its bearer and dashes up to Richardson side and so the two leaders ride the corps commander and his last visible Colonel colors aloft reckless of the growing distance between them and their followers straight for the smoking line straight for the flaming edge not hesitating at the breastworks over they go one with swelling tumult of soul where the passion of suffering craves outburst in action the other with obedience and self devotion love like stronger than death over the breastworks down among the astonished foe one of whom instinct over mastering admiration aims at the foremost a deadly blow which the noble youth rushes forward the parry and shielding with his own breast of his certain of his uncaring commander falls to earth bathing his colors with his blood need more be told do men tarried such a point one crested wave sweeps on another broken rolls away all as lost and all as one slowly worn in returns over the somber field so that's just an unbelievable scene you know it's just an unbelievable scene if you tried to make that an a movie it wouldn't seem realistic that this guy Richardson gets told hey you need to charge he says I don't think I should do that without proper orders his boss says these are your orders go and as he takes off towards the melee the overall leader without saying a word just grabs his flag and joins him by his side once they get to the enemy lines somebody takes aim at Warren and Richardson basically jumps in front of he says blow I don't know if he's a shot or if it was a sword or what it was but I'm assuming he was shot and Richardson takes the round I mean they consider like an enemy breastworks and they're coming over it in their horses and then once they come over they got to be in and amongst them so it could have been either could have been a sword I guess they in that yeah and then this happens as it is forsaken at its forsaken edge a staff officer hands him this is Warren this is a Warren walks back after this or it's rides back after this and a staff officer hands him a crude field order partly by the lured fast flashes of Alaska it's partly by the light of the dying day he reads quote major general Warren commanding the fifth army court is relieved from duty and will at once report for orders to lieutenant journal general grant commanding arms the united states by command of major general shared and quote so he just got fired with almost the agony of death upon his face Warren approaches shared and and ask him if he cannot reconsider the order reconsider hell I don't reconsider my decisions obey the order that was the last thunderbolt on Warren's heart the battle has done its worst for him the iron has entered his soul so all that kind of mayhem and disorganization and all those different orders and stuff cause eventually him to get fired and there's some details in the book about him moving to slow him not being at the front so fast forward a little bit suddenly emerge from the shadows a compact form with vigorous stride unlike the measure and mood of ours and a voice that would itself have thrilled us had it not had not the import of it thrilled us more gentlemen says shared in as we have started to our feet I've come to see you I may have spoken harshly to some of you today but I would not have it hurt you you know how it is we had to carry this place and I was threaded all day till it was done you must forgive me I know it is hard for the men too but we must push there's more for us to do together I appreciate and thank you all and this is Phil Sheridan a new view of him surely and amazingly all the repressed feeling of our hearts sprung out toward him we were ready to blame ourselves if we had been in any way the cause of his trouble but we thought we had borne a better part than that so this guy shared in who's been barking orders and stuff all day now rolls in after he fires Warren and says hey guys look I know it's hard today but I'm sorry I was wrong you know you must forgive me he's asking for forgiveness and I mean it landed apparently really well you know you know because reading this it's it's really apparent that Chamberlain is sympathetic to one and ain't all that thrilled with Sheridan and then you know you see his response there when Sheridan was smart yeah takes ownership of it and re-regaining some leadership capital because apologizing requires to do huge checking your ego yeah I can't think of a situation where anyone loses respect for you when you apologize yeah yeah this is a good case of that um yeah we just went through that whole thing with uh with Joe Rogan and you know him apologizing and there was a bunch of people and I I just basically tried to lend support to him and say in that hey let's the guys apologize forgiveness is a virtue that we should all try and go after and try and represent and so when somebody makes a mistake you know that's what forgiveness is for and a bunch of people I don't want you people with some people we're saying you should never apologize no it's never I hear that two with leaders leader sale it's weak to apologize man if you mess something up then apologize and hey in a minimum if I say something to you that maybe maybe I offended you what did I want to offend you and if I didn't maybe if maybe if it's uh you know I say well geez Jason you know you're you and your stupid freaking blonde hair right you know and all of a sudden I realized that you know used to get picked on for that and even though I meant it as a joke but it offended you does that mean well hey I didn't know I didn't know that you used to get picked on because of that I'm not apologizing no it's actually hey man I'm sorry the way I said it and the thing that I didn't know was gonna offend you offended you and I'm sorry about that but there's nothing wrong when you make a mistake of saying sorry nothing wrong what I really appreciated about Rogan's apology is that he wasn't sidestepping any consequences yeah well you know just because you say or sorry doesn't mean there are no consequences well hey it's all good I apologize no but he he took ownership of what happened he wasn't trying to wheeze aloud of any consequences and I thought that it was a huge lesson on how what the right thing to do is when something comes out and I actually gained quite a bit of respect I had a few amount of respect for Joe before that but but his apology was was heartfelt and sincere and it wasn't an attempt to avoid consequences yeah which is awesome and when you make a mistake as a leader when you pick the wrong plan when I say hey Jason I want you to you know can you prep this freaking brief for me and then it turns out we don't need to do the brief and I'm like hey man I know you worked for two weeks on that thing and we didn't even need to even do it I'm sorry man as opposed to saying well you know we could have used it or whatever just making up the big cover up the big lie you know interesting hey man I'm so sorry I know I wait you wasted two weeks working on that working on that brief and we ended up not using it I should have done a better I should have done more groundwork to make sure we're gonna need it and I'm sorry you respect for me doesn't go down it goes up you know it's like I was wrong and when I when I was when as I'm reading this and I'm and I I'm like oh god here come Sharon again he's gonna yell at him and then he had like oh look at him go he's apologizing and then he writes about like hey we were all as soon as he did that he completely flipped their feelings towards him yep a new view of him surely and amazingly if that's such a great case for taking ownership and apologizing when you screw something up he's talking a little bit about about about the the personalities and the attitudes and one thing he's talking about Sheridan so this is sort of a detached moment he says Sheridan does not entrench he pushes on carrying his flank and rear with him rushing flashing smashing he transfuses into his subordinates the vitality and energy of his purpose transforms them into part of his own mind and will he shows the power of a commander inspiring both confidence and fear as a rule are core and army commanders were men of brains rather than magnetism they relied on brains in others war and was one of these he was well capable of organizing an entire plan of battle on a great field he would have been an admirable chief of staff of the army so he's good again this is the personality of war and war and was like not a dynamic charismatic individual he was good at planning they're brains out way temperaments and when you're coming up with a plan your brains are more important he could see the whole comprehensively and adjusts the parts to subordinate but he had a certain order of temperament which although it brought him distinction as a subordinate commander seemed to work against him as a core commander yeah this is man you got it you got a you got to adjust look what we'll get into it well we'll just do it now you look if you are the the second in command if you're the chief operating option you got to make things happen and you're the one that goes hey Jason you need to get the shit done right now and you're like yeah got it boss and then I elevate to being the CEO I need to change my behavior and I need to be the be the the the bigger personality the the more positive personality that's what I need to do the the more charismatic the more dynamic I don't want to be the one in the weeds when I'm over all in charge now if I have the personality where I'm like hey I'm a great at coming up with the plans and this is the way we're going to do this that's cool but when I promote above that and now I got to show the vision you got to you got to adjust and you got to grow and you got to mature and by the way sometimes you go back down to that position because you could be leading a department where you got to be kind of charismatic and and then you get promoted to CEO oh now you got to be like a little bit more of the the planner and a little bit more mechanical and then you get promoted CEO and now you got to be back to the dynamic individual again so so part of the reason I want to say that is because yes you have a personality we all have a personality but you don't necessarily you don't have to behave the same way and like I when I was an unassistant platoon commander you know I had to subdue some of my enthusiasm about things when I I was more into the detailed planning hey I got that paperwork let me run that when I was a platoon commander all of a sudden I stepped up into the more dynamic role got out of the details and that's what you're going to have to do throughout your career and you have to pay attention to what your personality sort of lends itself to there was guys that I work for that were executive officers the number two in command at a sealed team and they were great executive officers as commanding officers maybe not so great there was people that were great commanding officers as executive officers maybe not so great they just have a personality but at least you should you should know where your parent personality is and then modulate your personality to the job that you're in yeah and the only way you're going to do that is to attach yeah no that's the only way otherwise you just swept away by your personality yeah and I so that you know in the Navy every two years you're promoting right about the time you figure out how to do that job you get up to the next job and then you're doing the next job like that last job for a little while until you figure things out hopefully you figured out I didn't it didn't just work out for Warren there's there's a whole bunch of circumstances work things didn't work out for Warren and maybe another subsets is what had been fine but it didn't sound like he was the dynamic leader and that's that is a hard thing to do because you're going to start out doing what you know and unless you're willing to take feedback and so you know the 360 feedback is something that we started doing in the teams and so you get feedback from your subordinates and not painful to hear if you look at that stuff sometimes you're like oh but it's so liberating because you're like oh okay and you can tell when you read the feedback on who's and kiss an ass and who's just angry about everything and they're just going to be anger about it and who's giving you on a speedback it's like oh I got to stop doing that or just that or I'm stepping on that guy's toes and pull it back. Still still here talking about Warren he said it led him to go in personally with a single division or brigade when a sharp fight came on doing this when he went having a larger command one takes a risk of losing grasp of the whole so he's going into that like hey I'm used to doing this job down in the weeds I'm going to get down the weeds that was what he did trying to change the front with Crawford's division under fire it was a difficult thing he put his personality into it which is what you just said Jason just as shared and would do and did in this very fight there's a whole section that covers some of that criticism about Warren and his subordinates and and Chamberlain goes on to say these accusations against the conduct of each of Warren's divisions while susceptible of being magnified and manipulated so as to produce a certain forensic effect are of no substantial weight even if true in the sharpest sense so even if Warren's subordinates were totally jacked up look he's saying look you can create you can look in the back and say like oh these guys were bad this guy did this wrong this guy did that wrong you can produce a certain forensic effect but even if that's true in the sharpest sense they would be overstrained and uncalled for considering how the battle ended and by whom it was mainly fought in a military and highly proper sense general Warren was responsible for the conduct of his core and ultimately for that of each of his divisions there you have it you got people that work for you you got departments under you got divisions underneath you got platoons or battalions or companies underneath you you are responsible for what all those people do there are two ways in which such control might be exercised by prevention or by correction so i'm either going to say jayson you know what you're not doing this job well you're not doing this job you're fired or hey jayson you're not doing this job well here's the corrections you need to make that's what you do for hey jayson i know that you're going to set everything on fire don't set everything on fire which is correction right which is preventive i guess that's prevention yes that's prevention prevention um it was Crawford's duty to keep his vital connection with airies and if in any way should be broken to be on the alert to see an act Warren should hold him risk should hold him responsible for that and if he knew he could not at the start rouse crow Crawford who's peculiarities he knew to a vivid conception of the anatomy and physiology of the case he should have had a staff officer charged with the duty of keeping Crawford closed on airies while he himself at the point where he could keep in touch with his whole core and hold Griffin under his hand at the ready and trusted reserve prepared for the unexpected so he's saying the same thing you and i just said like if if ek if ek was a little bit of a wild man and a not quite sure he's going to do cool i take jayson my trusted guy and say hey man go with ekko let me know what he's doing he gets a little wild sometimes you and Dave called that preemptive ownership preemptive ownership good deal if there you go cover down i get a think of the slack and now we get to apomotics apomatics fast forward a little bit i'm about to speak of what came under my observation in the action to apomotic apomatics courthouse and the circumstances attending the surrender of the army of northern Virginia April 9th 1865 so now there are 20 25 miles or so from five forks the battle that they were just in this is a week later eight days later something like that they had to march that that time he says the fifth court had a very hard march that day made more so in the afternoon and night by the lumbering obstructions of the rear of ords tired column by courtesy given the road before us the incestant checkfreading our men almost to mutiny we had been rushed all day to keep up with the cavalry but this constant checking was worse we did not know that grant had set orders to the fifth court of march all night without halting but it was not necessary for us to know it after 29 miles of this kind of marching at the blackest hour of night human nature had called a halt dropping by the roadside left and right wet or dry down went men as in a soon swoon officers slid out of the saddle loosened the girth slipped an arm through the loop of a bridal rain and sunk to sleep horses stood with drooping heads just above their master's faces all dreaming one nose not of what of past or coming possible or faded scarcely as the first broken dream begun when a cavalry man comes splashing down the road and vigorously dismounts pulling from his jacket crumpled note the sentinel standing watch by his commander worn in body but alerted every sense touches your shoulder or to sir I think you rise on your elbow strike a match and with smarting streaming eyes read the brief thrilling note from Sheridan like this as I remember quote I have cut across the enemy at apomotics apomatics station and captured three of his trains if you can possibly push your infantry up here tonight we will have great results in the morning end quote ah no more sleep the startling bugle notes the ring out to the march word is sent for the men to take a bite of such as they had for food the promised rations would not be up till noon and by that time we should be where they don't even know they are there men shivering to their senses as if written out of rizn out of the earth but something in them not of it now sounds the forward for the last time in our long drawn strife and they move these men sleepless, subtrolous, breakfastless, sore-footed stiff-dueened sense-be-numbed but with flushed faces pressing for the front some hard men freaking hard they march eventually they arrive on station I ride straight to Sheridan a dark smile and impetus gesture are my only orders forward into double lines of battle past Sheridan his guns as cavalry and on for the quivering crest for a moment it is a glorious sight every arm of the service in full play cavalry artillery infantry then a sudden shift shifting scene as the cavalry disengaged by successive squadrons rally under their bugle calls with beautiful precision and prompt the two and sweep like a storm cloud beyond our right to close in on the enemy's left and complete the faithful envelopment we take up battle, Gregory follows in on my left it is a formidable way front we make the scene darkens in a few minutes the tide is turned the incoming wave is at high flood the barrier recedes in truth the stone wall men hardly show their well-proved metal they seem astonished to see before them familiar flags of their old antagonist not having thought it possible that we could match our cavalry and march around and across their pressing columns and I don't think I did a good job of laying out the way that went but these soldiers had marched to keep up with the cavalry and it got in there in 29 miles in a very short period of time their last hope is gone to break through our cavalry before our infantry can get up neither to Danville nor to Lynchburg can they cut their way and close upon their rear five miles away are pressing the second and sixth core of the army of the Potomac it is the end they are now giving way but keep up good front by force of old habit halfway up the slope they make a stand with what perhaps they think a good omen behind a stone wall I try a little artillery on them which directs their thoughts towards the crest behind them and stiffens my lines for a rush anxious for that crust myself crest myself but now comes up ord with a positive order don't expose your lines on that crest the enemy of mass their guns to hat to give it a raking fire the moment you set foot there I thought I saw a qualifying look as he turned away but left alone youth struggled with prudence my troops were in a bad position down here I did not like to be the the underdog it was much better to be on top and at least know what was there beyond so I thought of grant and his permission to quote push things when we got them going and of shared and in his last words as he wrote away with his cavalry smiting his hands together quote now smash him I tell you smash him and quote so we took this for orders and on the crest we stood one booming cannon shot past close along our front and in the next moment all was still so he gets told don't go up to that crest but he's in a bad situation anyways and he thinks hey I'm this isn't good what are some other orders I've received recently well I've also got told to push things I've also got told to smash him so I'm going to take some initiative here and we're going I'm going to get to that crest and when he gets up there turns out there's just one cannon shot we had done it had exposed ourselves to the view of the enemy but it was an exposure that worked two ways for their burst upon our vision of mighty scene fitcanes the story of tumultuous years encompassed by the cordon of steel that crown the heights about the courthouse on the slopes of the valley formed by the sources of the apomotics lay the remnants of that far-famed army counterpart and companion of our own in momentous history the army of northern Virginia. Lease army and so now he's standing up in this position looking down and can see the entire scene from his elevated position and including the apomotics apomatics sorry around and here's what he describes around its edges now trodden to myor swarms and indescribable crowd worn out soldier struggling to the front demoralized citizen and denizen white black and all shades between following Lease army or flying before these suddenly confronted terrible Yankees pictured to them as demon shape and bent animals too of all forms and grades vehicles of every description and non-description public and domestic four-wheeled or two or one heading and moving in every direction asswarning massive chaotic confusion. So with a fervor of devout joy as when perhaps the old crusaders first caught sight of the holy city of their quest with an uproaring of heart that was half pagan half prayer we dash forward to the consummation a solitary field piece in the edge of town gives an angry but expiring defiance we press down the little slope through a little swamp over a bright swift stream our advances already in the town only the narrow street between the posing lines and hardly that there is wild work that looks frightening but not much killing nor even hurting the disheartened enemy take it easy our men take them easier it is a wild mild fusing earnest but not deadly earnest a young orderly of mine unable to contain himself begs permission to go forward and dashes in sword flourishing as if he was a terrible fellow his demonstrations seemingly more amusing than resisted for he soon comes back hugging four sabers to his breast speechless at his achievement new guy going in so you can see the looking fetter army is kind of fallen apart and these guys are charging in expecting a fight and there's just not that much of a fight and then this suddenly rose to our sight another form closer on front a soldierly young figure handsomely dressed and mounted a confederate staff officer undoubtedly to whom some of my advanced lines seem to be pointing my position now I see the white flag earnestly born and it's possible purport sweeps before my inner vision like a rave of morning mist he comes steadily on the mysterious forming gray my mood so whimsical sensitive that I could even smile at the material of the flag wondering where in either army was found a towel and one so white but it bore a mighty message that simple emblem of homely service wafted hitherward above the dark and crimson streams that never can wash themselves away the messenger draws near dismounts with graceful salutation and hardly suppressed emotion delivers his message sir I am from general Gordon general lead desires a cessation of hostilities until he can hear from general grant as to the proposal of surrender what word is this so long so dearly fought for so feverously dreamed but never but ever snatched away held hidden and eloof now smiting the senses with dizzy flash surrender we had no rumor of this from the long messages that had been passing between grant lee for now these two days between behind us surrender it takes a moment to gather one speech sir I answer that matter exceeds my authority I will send to my superior general lead is right he can do no more all this with a forced calmness covering a tumult of heart and brain I bid him wait a while and the message goes up to my core commander general griffin leaving me mazed at the boating change even here he's trying to remain calm like purposely forced calmness now from the right come foaming up in cavalry fashion two forms I had watched from a way beyond a white flag again held strong a loft making straight for the little group beneath our battle flag highborne also the red multi's cross on a white field that had thrilled hearts long ago I see now that is one of our cavalry staff in the lead indeed I recognize him chrono wittaker of custer staff and hardly keeping pace with him a Confederate staff officer without dismounting without salutation the cavalry man shouts this is unconditional surrender this is the end then he hastily introduces his companion and adds I am just from Gordon and Long Street Gordon says for God's sake stop this infantry or hell will be to pay I'll go to Sheridan he adds and dashes away with a white flag leaving Long Street's aid with me the captain's cry hold the rebels want to surrender the more men want to be there and see it still to the front where the real fun is and the forward takes an upward turn for when we do succeed in stopping their advance we cannot keep their arms and legs from flying to the top of fences and haystacks and chimneys they clamber to toss their old caps higher in the air and leave the earth as far below as they can deroll general Gregory Gallops up to inquire the meaning of this strange departure from a custom discipline only that lee wants time to surrender I answer glory to God roars the grave and brave old general your legs have done it my men he shouts galloping up cap in hand generously for giving our disobedience of orders and rash exposure on the dubious crest true enough their legs had done it had matched the cavalry as granted mid-it had caught around lee's best doings and commanded the grand halt but other things had done it the blood was still fresh upon the quaker road the white oak ridge five forks farmville high bridge and sailors creek and we take somewhat gravely this compliment of our new commander of the army of the james at last after pardoning something to the spirit of liberty we get things quiet along the lines one the clock comes no answer from lee nothing for us but to shake hands and take arms to resume hostilities as I turned to go general Griffin said to me in a low voice prepared a make or receive an attack in ten minutes it was a sudden change in tone of our relations and brought a queer sensation where my troops had halted the opposing lines were in close proximity the men stacked arms the men had stacked arms and were resting in place it did not seem like war we were going to recommends but willful murder but the order was only to prepare and that we did our troop foreign good position my advance line across the road and we stood fast and tensly waiting I had mounted and sat looking at the scene before me thinking of all that was impending and depending when I felt it coming upon a strange sense of some presence invisible but powerful like those unirfully visits told of an ancient story charged with supernatural message disquieted I turned about and there behind me riding in between my two lines appeared a commanding form superbly mounted richly accrued accrued of imposing bearing noble countenance with expression of deep sadness over mastered by deeper strength it is no other than Robert e.lee and seen by me for the first time within my own lines I sat immovable with a certain awe and admiration he was coming with a single staff officer for the great appointed meeting which was to determine momentous issues not long after by another in leading road appeared another form plain unassuming simple and familiar to our eyes but but to the thought as much inspiring as Lee in his splendor and his sadness it is grant he too comes with a single aid a staff officer of shared in slouched hat without cord common soldier blouse unbuttoned on which however the four stars high boots mud splashed to the top trousers tucked inside no sword but the sword hand deep in the pocket sitting his saddle with the ease of a born master taking no notice of anything at all all his faculties gathered into intense thought and mighty calm he seemed greater than I'd ever seen him a look of another world about him no wonder I forgot altogether to salute him anything like that would have been to live a little staff officers are flying crying Lee surrenders although with some kind of strength left among those worn and famished men building the hills around the springs of apomattox who rent the air with shouting in uproar as if the earth and see a join the song are men did what they thought their share and then went to sleep as they had not as they had need to do but in the opposite camp they acted as if they got of hold of something too good to keep and gave it to the stars besides they had supper that night which was something of a novelty for we had divided rations with our old antagonist now they were by our side as suffering brothers so they're well in truth long street had come over to our camp that evening with an unwampton moisture on his martial cheek and compressed words on his lips gentlemen I must speak plainly we are starving over there for god's sake can you send us something we were men and we acted like men knowing we should suffer it for ourselves we were too short rationed also and had been for days but must be for days to come we sent over to that starving camp share and share alike for all their with ourselves again that's like amazing to the sort of mutual respect almost instantly to try and help out these your enemy how about long streets coming over by you're not sending a staff officer or anybody else he's going to say hey bring my guy some food so there's some forgiveness this was also interesting late that night I was summoned to headquarters where general Griffin informed me that I was to command the parade on the occasion of the formal surrender of the arms and colors of Lee's army he said the Confederates had begged hard to be allowed to stack their arms on the ground where they were and let us go pick them up after they had gone so that was their plan the Confederates said hey let us just leave our weapons and we're gonna bail but granted not think this quite respectful enough to anybody including the United States of America and while he would have all private property respected and would permit officers to retain their side arms he insisted that surrender that the surrendering army as such should march out in due order and lay down all tokens of Confederate authority and organized hostility to the United States in an immediate presence of some representative portion of the Union army Griffin added in a significant tone that grant wish to the ceremony to be as simple as possible and that nothing should be done to humiliate the manhood of the Southern soldiers so there's like a little balance there okay we'll share some food with you but you got to come and you got to come and surrender proper it was now the morning of the 12th of April I had been ordered to have my lines formed for the ceremony at sunrise it was at chill gray morning depressing to the senses we formed along the principal street we were the remnants also Massachusetts main Maryland Michigan Pennsylvania New York Veterans and Replace Veterans cut to pieces cut down consolidated divisions into brigades regiments into one gather by state origin back to their place of birth this little line quintit quintessence a metasite coasts of porters old core of gains mill of maveran hill man of near blood borne made near by blood shed those facing us now thank God the same our earnest eyes can scan the busy groups on the opposite slopes breaking camp for the last time taking down the little shelter tents and folding them carefully as precious things then slowly forming ranks as for unwelcome duty and now they move the dusky storms forge forward into gray columns of march on they come with the old swinging root step and swaying battle flags instructions had been given and when the head of each division column comes opposite our camp our bugle sounds the signal and instantly our whole line from right to left regiment by regiment in succession gives the soldiers' sallutation from the order arms to the old carry the marching salute Gordon at the head of the column writing with heavy spirit and downcast face catches the sound of shifting arms looks up and taking the meaning wheels superbly making himself in his horse one uplifted figure with the proud profound sallutation as he drops the point of his sword to the boot toe then facing to his own command gives word for successive brigades to pass us with the same position of manual honor answering for honor our part on our part not a sound of trumpet nor role of drum not a cheer nor word of whisper of vain gloring nor motion of a man standing again at the order but an odd stillness rather and breath holding as if it were the passing of the dead they fix bayonets stack arms then hesitantly remove cartridge boxes and lay them down lastly reluctantly with agony of expression they tenderly fold their flags battle worn in torn blood stained heart-holding colors and lay them down some friends at the rushing from the ranks kneeling over them clinging to them pressing them to their lips with burning tears and only the flag of the union greets the sky what visions thronged as we looked into each other's eyes here past the man of antitum the bloody lane the sunken road the cornfield the burn-side bridge the men whom stone wall Jackson on the second night at Frederick's bird banged lee to let him take and crush the two core of the army of the petomic huddled in the streets in the darkness and confusion the men who swept the eleventh core at chancellorville who left 6,000 of their companions around the bases of colps and cemetery hills at getty's burg these survivors of the terrible wilderness the bloody angle at spotsylvania the slaughter pen of cold harbor the whirlpool of Bethesda church here comes cobs George Elegion which held the stone wall on Mary's heights at Frederick'sburg close before which we piled our dead for breastwork so that the living might stay alive here to come Gordon's Georgians and hoax north Carolinians who stood before the terrific mine explosion at Peter'sburg and advancing retook the smoking crater and the dismal heaps of dead ours more than theirs huddled in the ghastly chasm here are the men of megalons honten and scales who broke the fifth core lines on the white oak road and were so desperately driven back on that four-learn night of march the 31st by thrice decimated brigade now comes Anderson's fourth core only bush rod and bush rod that johnson's division left and this the remnant of those we fought so fiercely on quaker road two weeks ago with wise his legion two fears for its own good here passes the proud remnant of rambson's north ransom's north Carolinians who were swept through five forks ten days ago and all the little that was left of this division in the sharp passages at sailors creek five days thereafter now makes its last front ap hills old core half now at the leads until had gone too far forward ever to return the men who poured destruction into our division at shepherd's town forward and tedom in 62 when hill reported the atomic the patemic running blue with our bodies the men who opened the desperate first days fight at getty'sburg wherewithstanding them so stubbornly our Robinson's brigade lost one thousand one hundred eighty five men and the iron brigade alone one thousand one hundred and fifty three these men of half division here two losing two thousand eight hundred and fifty men companions of these now looking into our faces so differently now the sad great pageant long street in his men what shall we give them for greeting that has not already been spoken in valleys of thunder and written in lines of fire all over the banks of Virginia shall we go back to gains mill or maveran hill or to antitum of Maryland or get hisberg of Pennsylvania deepest grave and a wall for here is what remains of kursha's division which left forty percent of its men at antitum and at getty'sberg with barksdale and stems brigade tore through the peach orchard rolling up our rolling up the right of our gallant third core sweeping over the proud batteries of mass attuces big allow and philips we are under the smoke we saw earth brown and blue with prostrated bodies of men and horses and the tongues of overturned cannon pointing grim and stark in the air then in the wilderness and at spots of vignor kursha again in deeds of awful glory and thereafter for all their losses holding their name and fame until fate met them at sailors creek where all but these with kursha himself and it will you and so many more gave up their arms and hopes all indeed but manhood's honor with what strange emotion I looked into these faces before which in the mad assault river on reefs say we at June 1864 I was left for dead under their eyes it is by miracles we have lived to see this day any of us standing here now comes the sinew we remnant of fierce hoods division which at getty'sberg we saw pouring through the devil's den and plumb run gorge turning again by the left our stubborn third core then swarming up the rocky bastions of roundtop to be met there by equal valor which changed leaves whole plan of battle and perhaps the story of getty'sberg is this picket's division this little group left of those who on the lured last day of getty'sberg rested level crossfire and thunder bolts of storm to be strewn back drifting wrecks where after that awful futile pitiful charge we buried them in graves of furlong wide with names unknown man again in the terrible cyclone sweep over the breastworks at five forks met now so thin so pale purged of the mortal as if knowing pain or joy no more how could we help falling on our knees all of us together and praying God to pity and forgive us all you know i don't know if you can capture the emotions that these guys must have felt on both sides at this juncture but i must be a pretty close proximity to at least the best you could do to capture those emotions and there's another the book goes on and there's a powerful section where he because that that section there you know he kind of calls out name by name with the various units and there's a section where there's a parade for the army of the platomic and it's incredible pop incredibly powerful as well and he goes by unit by unit um there's one point where he brings up the fact that while Warren was Warren there was a there was basically a trial because Warren said hey I shouldn't have been fired he wanted to kind of redeem himself and there's he brings up a point where someone was asking one of the one of the cross-examining lawyers asked Warren hey when you're in this battle where where were your regulars and Warren looks at him with a bold and quivering lip and says buried sir agettiesburg and yeah that's it's it's hard to do this book justice without just reading the entire thing and there's just stories upon stories in in this book and lessons so many lessons that we we barely touched into like I said before if you get a chance to go to get his bird go there go there we go there if you want to come there with us go check that out but there's a one more section that I wanted to cover in the book Joshua Chamberlain is he's he's with some of his surviving troops in Maine and there've been some kind of scrambling of of the organization the 20th May to become combined with the 16th and the second and the wars finished and I tried to figure out how long after the war this was so I could not I couldn't quite identify when exactly this was but they're at a banquet and Chamberlain you know this whole both these podcasts we were talking about the flags and the meaning of this colors right what they meant what they represented and during the defense of little roundtop at some point they had lost their colors at some point you know during this freaking mayhem they lost their colors and it you know this is a symbolic event like I said like he was saying it's a tactical event there there's actually a tactical reason for those colors but it's also symbolic as well and at some point these during the battle of Gettysburg and I'm not exactly sure when it was I don't even know if it's during roundtop that defense but at some point the soldiers from main the colors were lost for a little while and Chamberlain wants to address that directly to the surviving troops in this in this speech and I just want to read one section of it he says your colors it was said were lost that word came to me when on the morning of the second I reached the crest far to the rear of that where you had stood and I felt the shock but not of shame for I knew something terrible must have befallen and that there could have been no dishonor where you were but when I came to know the truth of it all I saw that instead of your colors being lost they were eternally saved not laid down but lifted up not captured nor surrendered but translated the shadow lost in substance the flag it is the symbol of the country's honor power law and life it is the instant of loyalty the bond of brotherhood for those who stand under it a token and an inspiration hence it is held sacred by the soldier as in great moments it is also by the citizen all which that flag symbolized you had illustrated and impersonated had absorbed into your thoughts and hearts if I should not rather say itself had absorbed your thoughts and hearts your service and suffering into its own deeper meaning and dear honor now it had done all a simple could do you had stood for it all now the supreme moment had come nothing could be averted nothing could be resisted nothing could be escaped that was an awful moment passing that of death it seems to me then a new soul is born no thought of yielding up the token of the country's honor enters the heart of any one of you though it has fulfilled its ends though you are to go to prison and death your kernel common don'tless commander still bids you break the staff that had borne it aloft and tear that symbol single as your souls into many pieces as you had bosoms and shelter them with your lives less that flag be touched by hostile hand or triumphed over living man lost there is a way of losing that is finding when soul over master's sense when the noble and divine self over comes the lower self when duty and honor and love immortal things bid the mortal perish it is only when a man supremely gives that he supremely finds that was your sacrifice that is your reward when we talked about the surrender it was him describing it and you know later parts of the books you find out that that salute that they gave to the Confederates they weren't ordered to do that he just straight up did that out of shivalry and then as the Confederates are coming past and they think that they're like oh man you know their heads are down and they see that you know they think the union armies are making fun of them or laughing at them or scoffing at them and they receive that salute and they give the salute back to it's just incredible incredible description yeah yeah it's um I don't know what else I can do do the audio book I think at some point this freaking sit here and read this whole thing you're best main accent yeah my best main accent I'll also work I apologize that sometimes I pronounce words wrong and I'm sorry I'm just kind of reading it and I don't feel like doing nine takes to say words that I can't say very well so I apologize about that that I don't do that justice but so many lessons in this book just about how to be a good human being and I still I know we just did two podcasts on them on it but it's there's so much in there this guy is such an incredible example the way he lived the things he did his attitude and really you know some some people talk about the divisiveness you know in America right now and you know you hear people say oh it's never been this bad before well you know what it has it's been freaking infinitely worse infinitely worse and the fact that you could go through a divisiveness so incredibly incredibly violent I mean this is our war we just just it was a slaughter just think about that last podcast the things that the description he's giving on those battlefields but if we as a nation can go through that that insane violence and at the end of that at the end of that at the end of killing each other whole sale slaughtering each other at the end of that the very men that that fought each other that killed each other those very men can stand and salute each other and respect each other and decide that we should stay a union if we as a country can get through that then I only can hope that we can move past some of the bickering that we have today and hold up this flag and unify all of us together to continue to provide a place in the world with freedom for all so thanks for listening thanks for your support in what we're doing like I said if you want to calm out you want to hang out with myself and Jason and the rest of the Esslorn front team you want to walk these battlefields you want to feel some freaking emotions you want to have a spiritual experience come and check out these events that we do we got in May 11th and 12th and May 13th and 14th the Gettysburg and we're going also to little big horn in August 16th 17th and then another session 18th and 19th come and check it out if you can't go with us give read these books think about what these people went through think about what they overcame it's um it's history and we should never forget we should never forget this this history that we have in this country and what we've been through we've been through a ton we can't forget that should keep us together what else echo Charles greedy to be because the old school big confessions are you actually the small thing I thought it's not not quite as serious but I will say this so you know it's what is it about when you have like enemies or even people who just don't like each other and they're in the one the any form of like enemy and then they go through like all this like ups and downs and they fight each other and and then at the end like they become friends or whatever maybe reconcile and they become friends but what is it about that that makes everyone feel so good afterwards I would say part of it is the shared struggle right we've been through some shit I've been through some shit okay like there's a shared struggle even if we're not opposing it I mean you think of a football game right you play a good game against someone and it's a scrap and you're throwing down that's muddy and it's close like when you say good game to that person you mean it right you mean it so I think that shared struggle and then you know like part of it it's got to be like thank God this is over you know I got that feeling from the southern soldiers that they were like thank God this is over like I'm done and I mean there's an opportunity for redemption right when when you're fighting someone in their enemy and then at the end of it we're like hey we're not enemies anymore there's the redemption there's an end to it because if we keep holding that animosity it never ends and there's no there's no healing there's nothing else like that and so like you know you didn't cover it but like there's what you did where they're sharing their meals but they were they were trading stuff for like there was like an intermingling there for a couple hours where they were trading souvenirs with one another and that's incredible when you're talking about men that and a couple hours before that had walked all freaking night and part of the day to kill one another and now they're just like yeah over done yeah and by the way they just killed each other a week before that and a month before that and six months before that you know this is just a bloody bloody awful awful war it's so it's like the Christmas story in World War One yeah it's an indicator that we're not bad yeah it's one of those things where these these these you know great things happens in indicates that we're just we're not I sure we're flawed as human beings but we're not flawed beyond redemption and I think the the thing that I get out of like the Christmas truths and this ceremony here at the end is it's just that not there not even I don't I don't know for not bad or not I definitely indicates that we're not right it indicates but also it indicates to me that we all have way more in common than we have not in common and like when you get to the point at the end of the day Jason Gardner has to eat has to shit has to make money has to feed his family has to help out with you know what you're doing in the world and I'm over here I have to eat I have to shit I have to take care of my family and I want my kids to have a good life and you want your kids to have a good life and I don't want you know I want to have some kind of stability in my life and you want to have some kind of stability in your life and so we we have so much in common and we let things that are sort of oftentimes if you put them in a bigger picture totally irrelevant I mean that's what was shocking about the brits and the Germans having a freak up playing soccer is like those guys didn't give a shit what was going on with some freaking king somewhere they didn't care what I why do I care about this land over here in France I live in Germany bro you live in England like I don't care the French people live here let them live here what are we doing so we get wrapped around some dumb shit and you know in this case it's definitely a very distinct reason for fighting and the union had to go through this turmoil to read itself of slavery had to go through it there was no other way it wasn't gonna it wasn't gonna go easy you had to do this kind of massive war to get to get through that but we did and now we can go get stuff from origin us a calm yeah you're supposed to come in and like help I'm supposed to say some shit like got to like make me calm power over here as a rough transition but I think it is like it's like like after you fight for so long it's almost like you lose you almost forget kind of like these men like minimal things that or evidently minimal things that you're quote unquote fighting for and you start remembering all the commonality stuff and then you start to get kind of exhausted in a way where you're like just like I said like what are we doing like you kind of forget what you're fighting for you just so habitually caught up in the fight and then finally when you it's almost like you kind of snap to and be like wait a second like we're fighting over something super small but meanwhile we have all these commonalities that are so big and then it's like a fight it's like a relief you know and I think even when you engage in a battle what do you call it went to other people battle and you're just witnessing it and you see them battling your taking this guy side did you take in this guy side or whatever and then they finally make up you kind of feel good too for some reason like you're ever seen like a rivalry and between some people it like feels kind of good yeah yeah I sometimes I've got to ask a couple times like do I what I want to go back to Iraq and like and I not there yet at all I'm not like hey you're gonna check it out check the battlefield and the Ramadi look it go look at Baghdad look I'm not there I don't have any desire to do that I don't know if I'll get there Ramadi says like rubble anyway they're not rebuilding it at all but I think when liberating it from ISIS didn't yeah I saw those videos it was freaking rubble house by house like oh there might be bad guys never new kit yeah yeah I don't know you when you had a holly macke on and she talked about afghanistan falling and then you know the story about the two the Taliban guys who slept outside of her hotel room because they were they wanted to protect her so even there are enemy and and and you can see your enemies acting was with honor and I think that was definitely honor because I didn't think that was gonna work out that well for when I heard that story I'm like how did you even make it back I know and then when she was over there was like hmm might be a good time to leave might be good like you're not gonna be able to leave now you know you know you should probably leave you should probably leave oh you're not gonna be able to get out there and she got out of there for she's a brave woman I asked her like do you think you maybe you're a little bit of a heapsy like yeah maybe you know I wouldn't be rolling around in there maybe I'm too paranoid maybe I'm too risk of verse wait you just see one to many videos yeah yeah I'm still you know they weren't supposed to be in just like uh god um all right what else echo speaking of videos or genus a you got some cool videos there you two true if you're interested you can see how all the American made stuff is made including jockel few by the way yep and guess what we at origin main have unified the north and the south we have uh we have factories up in Maine we have factories in North Carolina yes we're all the same team the American team the healing is continues the healing continues I haven't been down to the north Carolina factory I'm looking forward to getting down there and meeting everyone I got some roots in North Carolina and you know like I obviously have the root the new England roots the wingland uh who's your roots uh just on the uh on my mom's side yeah I was born there I got some roots in South Carolina you do you do yeah beautiful skate true story yeah you you you're you're a straight up uh uh descendant of slaves correct from South Carolina yeah that uh at the end of the civil war about 10% of the union army was former slaves that had escaped to the north and if you think about that number 10% of the union army that means basically every able bodied former slave man straight up just went and fought free human legit that's free human legit um yeah speaking of legit look okay we'll talk about some energy drinks legitimate not illegitimate because that's a stigma that energy drinks you staff don't have that anymore talk go go healthy energy drink Jason you know about this I heard you hear me um also a lot of other good supplements uh again while American made stuff yeah good stuff let's go to jockelfuel dot com got some taste good protein got some uh joint health stuff I'm I'm and you kind of need a bulk right out to be honest yeah well you get you get top you get I don't know what the word is because last time we talked about jjitsu post jjitsu fatigue sets in right hour and a half after jjitsu tired you leave jjitsu wired kind of like amped high up but time you get home if you get home and then you eat you're going into some series like sleep well same thing with a podcast like I get done with a podcast I'm super freaking hype for like an hour and a half oh yeah maybe two hours and then all of us know it's not an it's not two hours I got like an hour and a half of energy I'll usually try and go home and start prepping my next podcast because I know I have energy that I need to do something with but then it's mentally taxing to think and read and react and you're so like deep into it and you're getting emotional I'm freaking get emotional reading and freaking book today right like that's all happening what does that mean is if I'm getting emotional reading a book is that taking the same emotional toll or having the same emotional impact as it is if I watch a movie is it the same as if it if I have like something happened in my life what's the difference probably the movie is probably similar not in life because life kind of like the emotional part of life kind of continues right because your life is actually kind of okay the movie ends and you're like cool story book I mean even though this one's true it's like okay that story is kind of done so yeah but like there's an emotion of pride that I feel when I hear these stories that again when I when I see my kid like doing something or something or something then I'm proud for them it's kind of it's almost the same experience but it is the shorter burn for sure yeah first well they you know this it's like this is always gonna be the case this happened no matter what happens from not you know kind of thing but when you read the book it kind of calls your attention to it you know and that's what's gonna invoke easy motion same thing with the movie but when I read this book or books like this I'm having the emotions that I'm feeling are probably one third the motion from the book and two third emotion of my own memories yeah and that's all movies are too right like the like I get them like I think about these situations that unfolded and I'm thinking about situations that unfolded for me obviously not to the degree of but you know like you can't help thinking about that stuff and so even though it it it comes quick and then you can close the book and it's over but you still were in there yeah so I'll be freaking sleep like a baby tonight after your milkshake yeah after half the time that's what I was saying because the milkshake also just stimulates like a form of the pleasure centers and of of of of of safety and of comfort yeah you know you have a mole you're kind of like bro it's all good you know the world's good it kind of kind of takes you to a psychological area where things are good like there's no you're not storming up a blood soaked hill and drinking a mole those are the opposite of the spectrum so I'll go have a mole because like a wait a wind down a little bit enter the zone the mole zone so there you go check it out jugglefuel.com or gnusa.com jugglestore we sell shirts at jugglestore shirts hats it he's merch if you will what's up with the graze against the machine shirt that you're wearing is it like a group is it just a man it's a it's a buddy of mine that's into regenerative ag well sweet had the shirt made up graze against the machine what if people want to order one wants to guy the one if they make them anymore just got it yeah I will figure out how to post something in the notes yeah we can throw them if we want to make them if you want to make them whatever subscribe to the park a juggle underground.com once again I don't know what's getting I don't know who's getting shut down for what I don't know what there's some crazy stuff going on in Canada right now people are getting shut down they're getting their finances halted that's what's happening right now this isn't like me talking about some dystopian future where things have gone awry no like what's happening again the dot they're doing that without court order yeah other scary stuff so that's kind of crazy yes I don't know what's going to happen here but if it happens we're going to be on the underground if you want to help us out there a juggle underground.com go subscribe because eight dollars and eighteen cents a month if you can't afford that we're not casting you out of the zone of freedom you just have to email assistance at juggle underground.com YouTube channel check that out psychological or for flip side canvas decode a mire making cool stuff to hang on you all I've written a bunch of books about leadership you can also get ban at forward if you want to get these books you can go to jugglepodcast.com and go to books on the podcast looks from that pursuit and they're all there they're kind of a list in order of the books I recommend you read now wood all things being if I was to restack that book that that thing would they be adjusted a little bit there'd be some adjustments this book would be further up there I was never a huge civil war guy until probably like five years ago I don't know it seemed like it was too far ago whatever no no like don't gave me wrong it's not like I wasn't interested in civil war at all but I wasn't going I didn't start going deep not like you know for me was always kind of number one nom closest memory number two world war two number three Korea because we didn't hear as much about that as we needed to so civil war there has been people ask me about the civil I've got a stack of books stack of books ready for the podcast that I this is the one we're starting with I guess yeah so you can get all that stuff at jugglepodcast.com we have a leadership consultancy if you want to check that out we talk about leadership not just in a war in fact very little in war now it's about business so go to echelonfront.com for that we have an online training academy go to extremownership.com if you have a question about any of this and you want to ask Jason Gardner or you want to ask me or you want to ask life or any of us JP to know you want to ask him something go to extremownership.com and you can go into one of our zoom sessions you can just ask away you can ask 19 questions if you want to yeah and then there's a bunch of other people who are in the game and on the path yeah and you can hear the questions there ask because they probably have the same problem they do they have the same problems you do yeah yeah fantastic so that's extremownership.com and then we have some charities america's mighty warriors dot org doing great stuff by momma lee mark lee's mom and then also heroes and horses dot com check that one out both these organizations looking to help out people who have served and if you want to hear more from us we're on social media which means in in order to enter that you gotta go you gotta go play Russian roulette with the algorithm we're like dodgeball to be a dodgeball you can you know some fun with it for sure but yeah you get the if that thing gets a head of you get caught up in us they're not letting that happen in china by the way because their kids aren't allowed to be on after such and such a time and the things that they're allowed to look at are controlled by the state now I don't support controlling things by the state certainly but if you don't pay attention you can waste 45 minutes on social media. You wind up you're like hey what is my thumb doing? Why did it just go right there hit instagram and now I'm sweeping past I'm like oh stop it. Yeah that's the algorithm's got to do it. The echo's trying to defend the algorithm. The algorithm is like fire. You're right. It's okay. You can use it if you use it in a controlled way but it can really easy catch catch hold of your whole household everything is burning everything is on fire. Very just so be careful. Jason on instagram he's at Jason dot end dot gardener and on twitter he's Jason and gardener and on the twitter on the gram and on the Facebook he bought an echo's ad echo Charles I am at jocca willink and of course thanks to all the military personnel out there for holding us safe here in the world holding up the flag and doing your best to represent the ideals so everyone can see we appreciate that and of course here at home thanks to our police and law enforcement firefighters paramedics EMTs dispatchers correction officers board patrol secret service all the first responders thank you for what you do here at home to keep us safe and until next time remember that there is a way of losing that is finding and as jocca jambrelan said it is only when a man supremely gives that he supremely finds so go out there and give and until next time this is Jason the echo when jocco out