 This is Jockel Podcast number 119. With echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening, echo. Good evening. On September 11th, 400 miles from the collapse world trade center towers, three dozen passengers in crew aboard United Flight 93 remained in airborne purgatory. Starting at 9.30 a.m. for some 30 minutes, 14 of them managed to telephone either loved ones or operators on the ground. Public relations man, Mark Bingham, got through to his aunts home in California. This is Mark, he began. I want to let you guys know that I love you. In case I don't see you again. I'm on United Airlines Flight 93. It's being hijacked. Two other callers from the plane not only provided information but also gleamed vital news from those they phoned. Tom Burnett, chief operating officer for a medical devices firm, made her number of brief calls to his wife, Dina. Speaking quietly, he asked her to contact the authorities and told her that a male passenger had been stabbed later that he had died. A woman perhaps a flight attendant was being held at night point and the hijackers claimed they had a bomb. Jeremy Glick, a salesman for an internet services company also managed to phone. In a long conversation with his wife, Liz, Glick said the hijackers had put on these red headbands. They said they had a bomb. They looked Iranian. The bomb was in a red box, he said. The couple told each other how much they loved each other. Glick said I don't want to die and his wife assured him that he would not. He urged him to keep a picture of her and there are 11 week old daughter in his head to think good thoughts. Burnett's wife, who had been watching the news on television, told him that two planes had crashed into the World Trade Center. My God, he responded, it's a suicide mission. By the time he phoned a third time after news of the crash into the Pentagon, she told him about that too. Burnett seems to have been seated beside Glick and apparently relayed all this information to him. Were they to do nothing? The two men must have agreed. They were sure to die anyway when the hijackers crashed the plane. They resolved to fight for their lives. Now group of us Burnett told us why for getting ready to do something. I'm going to take a vote, Glick said on his call. There's three other guys as big as me and we're thinking of attacking the guy with the bomb. So began the minutes of brave resistance that clearly defined act of courage that has lived on in the national memory. Glick and others were equipped in more ways than one to confront the hijackers. Glick was six foot one and a former college judo champion. Burnett at six foot two had played quarterback for his high school football team. Mark Bingham was a huge man's six foot four and at 31 still playing rugby. A few years earlier, he had fended off a mugger who had a gun. His mother got the impression as he talked from flight 93 that her son was talking confidently with a fellow passenger. He felt that maybe someone had organized a plan. At 942, a GTE Verizon supervisor based near Chicago began handling a call from yet another powerfully built flight 93 passenger. Todd Beamer, a star oracle software salesman was married with two sons and his wife was expecting again. He first dialed his home number but he failed to get through or thought better of it. Instead, explaining that he did not want to upset his pregnant wife. He asked the phone supervisor Lisa Jefferson to pass along a loving message. As they talked to Beamer suddenly exclaimed, shit, oh my God, we're going down. Jesus helped us from the passengers around Beamer came prolonged shrieks of terror. Then he said, no, wait, we're coming back up. I think we're okay now. Shaken Beamer asks Jefferson to say the Lord's prayer with them, our father who aren't heaven. Just before Beamer and the operator had begun talking Cleveland lost. Cleveland control lost flight 93's transponder. The signal that indicates an airplanes location and altitude. That 955, the high-jacker pilot said a navigational aid relating to the plane's direction. He was heading. He'd indicated. For Washington, D.C. Jeremy Glick still on the phone to his wife, Liz, said, I know I could take this guy with the bomb. Then joking, he had mentioned that the high-jackers had knives. I still have my butter knife from breakfast. Todd Beamer continuing his conversation with the GTE supervisor Jefferson told her that he and a few others were getting together to jump the guy with the bomb. Was he sure that that was what he wanted to do? Yes, came the response. I'm going to have to go out on faith. I don't have much of a choice. The plane was flying erratically again. Operator Jefferson heard the sounds of an awful commotion raised voices, more screams, then are you guys ready? Todd Beamer's voice saying, let's roll a phrase that in family life he'd like to use to get his children moving. Okay, Jeremy Glick, told his wife, Liz, I'm going to do it. His wife told him he was strong and brave and that she loved him. Okay, he said again, I'm going to put the phone down, I'm going to leave it here and I'm going to come right back to it. Liz handed the phone to her father, ran to the bathroom and gagged. Flight attendant Sandra Bradshaw was in the galley boiling water for the passengers to throw on the high jackers. On the phone to her husband, she signed off quickly. Everyone's running up to first class. I've got to go. Bye. The cockpit voice recorder registered the moment the high jackers realized what was happening at just before 958 a high jacker asks, is there something a fight? There's a knock on the door followed by the sounds of fighting, then an Arabic. Let's go guys, Allah is the greatest. Allah is greatest. Oh guys, Allah is greatest. Oh Allah, oh Allah, oh the most gracious. And then loudly, stay back. A male voice, a native English speaking voice that Tom Burnett's wife has recognized as that of her husband is heard saying in the cockpit, in the cockpit followed by voice exclaiming an Arabic. They want to get in here, hold, hold from the inside, hold. Then from several English speakers in Unison, hold the door and then from a single English speaker, stop him, fall to reply to the by sit down, sit down, then again from an English speaker, let's get them. Flight 93, now down to 5,000 feet, had begun rolling left and right. Jeremy Glyx, father-in-law, listening intently on the phone, his daughter had handed to him now heard screams in the background. On the cockpit voice recorder, there is the sound of combat continuing, then in Arabic. There is nothing. Shall we finish it off? No, not yet. When they all come, we finish it off. Then from Tom Burnett, I am injured. The flight data recorder indicates that the plane pitched up and down, climbed to 10,000 feet, turned. Glyx, father-in-law, phone clapped to his ear, heard more shrieks, muffled now, like those of people riding on a roller coaster. In Arabic, on the voice recorder, O Allah, O Allah, O gracious. In English, in the cockpit, if we don't, we'll die. In Arabic, up, down, up, down, from a distance, perhaps, from Todd Beamer, roll it, crashing sounds, then in Arabic, O Allah, the greatest, O Allah, is the greatest. Is that it? I mean, shall we put it down? Yes, put it in and pull it down. Cut off the oxygen, cut off the oxygen, cut off the oxygen, up, down, up, down, up, down. More violent noises for as long as a minute. And then apparently from a native English speaker, shut them off. Go, move, move, turn it up. And then in Arabic, down, down, pull it down, pull it down, down. Apparently from an English speaker, down, push, push, push, push, push, push. In Arabic, hey, hey, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me. Iner-mittent, loud, air noise on the cockpit recorder. Moments later, in Arabic, O Allah, is the greatest, O Allah is the greatest, O Allah is the greatest. For the sounds of further struggle and a loud shout from a native English speaker, no. Two seconds later, in Arabic, in a whisper now, O Allah is the greatest, O Allah is the greatest, O Allah is the greatest, Jermi Glicks, Father and Law, still listening on the ground, heard high pitch screams coming over the line, Glick had left open when he left the joint to join the rush to the cockpit. Then wind sounds followed by banging noises as though the phone aboard the plane was repeatedly being banged on a hard surface. After that silence on the phone, silence on the cockpit voice recorder. And that is an excerpt from a book called The 11th Day, which came out in 2011 by Anthony Summers and Robins Swan. And we all know what that silence meant. Flight 93 crashed into a field near the diamond T-Mine and Stony Creep Township, Summerset County, Pennsylvania, killing 33 innocent passengers, 7 innocent crew members, and 4 demonic hijackers. That day changed my world and it changed our world, the world as we knew it and it convinced years and years and years of war that has cost so many lives. And at some point on this podcast, I'm sure we'll go into more details about the horrors of September 11th. You probably be multiple podcasts, but for today I wanted to focus on one aspect of one part of the life of one man on that flight. The man named Jeremy Glick, who by all accounts was an amazing human being. But son and a husband and a father. But for those of us who fight or who train martial arts in general, something caught our ears when he heard about the heroics on Flight 93, we heard that Jeremy Glick was a martial artist that he was a wrestler and that he was a judoka. And as a wrestler, he was a competitive all state wrestler for saddle, river day school in northern New Jersey. And if you know anything about New Jersey, wrestling, it's an extremely competitive wrestling state. And beyond that as a judo player, Glick was an American national collegiate judo champion while he was a student at the University of Rochester. And in September of 2008, seven years after the incident in September 11th, there was a memorial ceremony at the crash site in Pennsylvania. And the United States Judo Association placed a granite stone there as a memorial with an inscription on it. And the inscription reads the United States Judo Association promoted Jeremy Glick to the highest rank of Black Belt for living the principle of judo, mutual welfare and benefit, sacrificing his life for our country, September 11th, 2001. And that's a bold statement. It indicates something very powerful and very meaningful and as a patriot and as a martial artist and specifically as a juditsu practitioner, which is where judo was derived from. I wanted to explore a little deeper into the principles of judo to see what we can learn from it. And I don't want to go into the full details of explaining the relationships between Jitsu and judo, but it is a very close relationship. It was one of Jigoro's top students and canos, the creator of judo. But Majida that brought juditsu to Brazil from Japan and introduced juditsu to Carlos and Alio Gracie. And that's the beginning of Brazilian juditsu as we know it today. And Majida even called it juditsu. He didn't call it judo. And from what I understand at that time, even Kano had not been actually calling it judo in Japan. He hadn't renamed it yet. He was still calling it juditsu and some people were calling it Kano juditsu or Koto-Kon juditsu. But juditsu, especially Brazilian juditsu, is without question, rooted in judo. And if you trace it back just a little bit further, judo is also rooted back into juditsu. That's where judo came from. And mixed in with all that, there's all kinds of evolution and there's changes and there's politics and there's history, but there's that thread that ties them all together. And that thread can be recognized in many of the principles that are shared both in judo and in juditsu. And the same principles that played a role in Jeremy Glicks attitude on that clear Sony September day. And perhaps we can all learn something from those principles and to look at those principles. I thought it would be best to go to the source. And I have a book called Mind Over Muscle that is it's a compilation of writings from Jigoro Kano. And Kano was a very interesting person. He was an educator. He was a pioneer in sports. He worked with the Olympic committee. He was a juditsu practitioner. He eventually founded judo and he founded the most famous judo school of the original judo school of the KotoCon. And the book, like I said, as you can tell by the title, it's a compilation of different sources of his writings. And there's a little bit of overlap and repeat and I'll do a little bit of that. But what I like about it is it gives a good overall view of the ideas and the vision that Kano had for judo. So I know there's a lot of judo practitioners out there and obviously a lot of juditsu practitioners out there that listen to the podcast and everyone knows that these two are closely related. And sometimes there's, I guess you'd say, tension between the two. Sometimes, but the fact of the matter is they're so closely related that it's, it'd be more intelligent instead of look for the tension between the two to find where the two can complement each other. So here we're going to the book. And once again, the book is mind over muscle writings from the founder of judo. judo, Kano, and here we go to start it off, the purpose of juditsu. So interesting that he starts this off, it's talking about juditsu. It's not even talking about judo yet. The original purpose of juditsu was to practice a method of combat. While combat may have been at the core of juditsu practice, it also had the related goals of physical education and mental training. There's little dispute that because training to fight involves moving the body in various ways juditsu indirectly became a form of physical education, but for the same reason it also became a method for training the mind. All forms of combat required ingenuity and the use of various tricks and devices. So all forms of combat. All forms of combat. This is important because when, if you're a soldier, you're a marine or you're a a, a, a, a, i, a. P could do this each other in general. Just editor and in office he said include yourself. Today when you're going to learn from being an actor from your own. You know, I would only learn in centimeter. So I think it's fellow game. So this afternoon, I would also badly overgrapped down, while writing his years of practice being fancy and boarded, I could sing best of fluidity and singing well. She says, when you're putting a hair for it comes in my ears like the sesame as And, because people ask me a lot, like, how do you figure all this stuff out, Jocco? But people ask me that. And, you know, I always try and explain, you know, like it was a long course and I was in the military for a long time and I had an open mind and I listened to a pay attention to the people that were leading me and I paid attention to the good ones and I paid attention to the bad ones. But I'll tell you, if I didn't, you just who opened my mind up and did these things. And again, unconsciously, like I started to perceive things the way that I was learning Jocitsu. And that's why, and I've got friends that I've gotten into Jocitsu over the years. You can tell, and I don't know what makes some people get the bug and some people don't get the bug. But if you get the bug and you start to think in a Jocitsu mindset, then it'll really open up your mind. Now that being said, there's some people that are heavily into Jocitsu, but they don't apply Jocitsu to the other aspects of their life, which is a big mistake. It's a big mistake. You've got to apply it both ways. And I think that's one of the things that Kano was trying to do with Judo was to ensure that you did that, to ensure that his students did that. All right. Back to the book, it was my belief that with a few improvements, Jocitsu could become a comprehensive method of physical education, intellectual training, and moral education. I therefore spent several years developing my ideas and finally established the Kodakon Judo. I did this by thoroughly researching the Jocitsu that it existed up until the time, up until that time as much as possible, keeping what I felt should be kept discarding what I felt should be discarded, thoroughly studying the techniques and theories and establishing them in a way that would be most applicable to today's society. It's not even talking about it, just comment. He's talking about it. He's talking about it. He's talking about applying these things to society. So there's a little bit of, I think he was young when he did this too. He established the Kodakon at a very young age. I want to say he was like 22 years old. He was really young. So he studied Jitsu, saw some things were good about it, saw some things were bad about it, and said I'm going to make my own deal. Now here we talk a little bit here. There were various reasons why I chose not to use the term Jiu Jitsu, which described what was ordinarily practiced and instead employ the name Judo. The main reason was that dough, the dough part of Judo, it means weighing. Is the major focus of what the Kodakon teaches, whereas Jitsu skill is incidental. I also wanted to make it clear that Judo was a means of embarking on the way. So he saw this as like a complete life system, right? Not just fighting. This is the way Judo is the way for him. And that's why he said a call on a Jiu Jitsu called it, not tick techniques, but like the way. Back to the book. When we talk about Jiu Jitsu today, people often think of a technique in which one does only dangerous things such as choking an opponent and bending his joints or even in extreme cases killing him. Essentially, we think of something that is harmful to the body while offering no benefits. Chujitsu does not espouse this. In particular, the Kodakon Judo I devised never involves doing anything dangerous. I cannot stress enough that what I advocate is far from a violent or dangerous sport. Now, sure, I understand the principle here, but just so everyone knows, Judo doesn't play around. If you've got with a high level Judo player, you are getting thrown hard and aggressively onto your head. It's a brutal sport. It's very aggressive. Yeah, do you think that that's how or that's what? Because when it comes down to the essence, it's kind of like, and it's just me totally guessing where Judo, why is it is now? It's like, okay, the goal is basically to put the guy in his back. That's it. Put him down on the ground. Not to hit him, not to knock him down. Put him on the ground. It's kind of seems okay. That's really violent. That's just kind of the little friendly competition. Put him on the ground. Now, with any competitive situation, guys are going to get after it and it slowly just evolves into all these crazy things. It doesn't evolve in escalator. Yeah, escalates even just the whole way. So even consider like basketball, for example, the goal, put that ball in that basket. That's it. Go from here, come close, lab whatever. Then you get this competitive drive, these people athletic abilities, all this stuff. Now, it's turning into weird slam dunks now, but you didn't have to slam dunk that thing. But it's still the same thing putting the ball in the thing. Just in this weird aggressive. I guess, I guess I guess a layup. It's just a pair to a Tomahawk slam dunk. Right. And if you compare, let's say some sort of a basic take down compared to like a full epon slamming. I can see your comparison. It's a escalation. Yeah. And then the his mind, he was like, hey, look, this is just a take down. You tell that to a 21 year old judo competitor. That's got you in there. I don't just take down. You can pay the man. Yeah. Exactly. You know, a basket, a basket, you know, he made that basket. No, but he slammed on you and, you know, embarrassed you in front of him. You know, like it goes into this whole different realm, but the essence is still there, though. Just a basket. Just a basket. Just to take that. Yeah. All right. Here we go. Back to the book. The organization of Codacon judo is basically the same today as it was when I established it. But at that time when explaining judo, I divided it into three parts. This use has a fighting method, martial art, as a training method, physical education, and as a method of mental training, including the development of the intellect and morals and the application of the principles of judo to everyday life. See, this is again, this is what's interesting to me is, and he said it was subconscious. Like, I sub-consciously, especially in the beginning with judo too. And I'll tell you, it was beyond just me applying judo to like my life and to what I had learned about combat. I also took what I had learned about combat and applied that into judo. Like I said, oh yeah, you know, this is like when you flank someone, right? But even when I first learned, one of the biggest wake-up calls that you get early in judo is like, oh, what I need to do is attack your neck and when you defend your neck, I take your arm. That's a flank, right? That's a straight-up flank. That's a game changer. That's a complete game changer. When you realize that, that's a complete game changer. There's a seal buddy mind that had been training when I first started out. He'd been training for like a year. No, but he'd been training off and on kind of bits and pieces. And so then I started training hard core. Like every day. So after like two weeks, like literally two weeks, I went and trained with him and I got him like a bunch of times and I was all pumped up. And I said to him, I said, hey, you know what, you the mistake that you're making is you're trying, you're going for my arm and I know you're going for your arm and I know how to defend that. As a few got to go for some else. And then like a week later, we rolled again and he got me. He did what I told me to do to me. Yeah, yeah. And I was like, oh dang. Oh, dang. So that was a big wake-up call. It's a big, not even a wits. It's a revelation when you realize, oh, you've got to do, you've got to set, you've got to fight the person. Yeah. That's what you have to do. Yeah. So, crazy. We can see two people rolling and all they're doing is flanking each other. Oh, you're flanking the flanking. You're flanking the flanking. Yeah, yeah. But what's interesting is as I started working with like leaders and teaching my leadership, how important the idea of what flanking is from a leadership and a human interaction perspective. Well, another such, you got to flank people. You want to attack that ego? No. All right. Back to the book. The next thing methods of instruction are used, Cata, which is form and rendering, which is free practice. It's what we call the Jiu-Jitsu role link. When establishing the Cota-Con, I employed a method that emphasized rendering and by which Cata naturally came to be understood during rendering practice. This is rather, so he focused on rolling a lot when he established Cota-Con. Pay attention. This is very interesting. Render. Render. Yeah. Remember that. Yeah. Use it. This is rather like teaching composition without using a grammar book or teaching the basis of grammar while teaching how to write an essay. So this is like, hey man, write this down and you're going to make some corrections. And like, that's basically rolling a lot, right? When there are only a few people undergoing the training, this was not a problem. But the number of beginners gradually increased and it became impossible to teach Cata at the same time as a rendering. There are a few years after I established Cota-Con. Judo, I created 15 Cata for throws and 10 Cata for combat called Kime no Cata, which meant forms of self-defense. So he realized he couldn't teach the same way. He couldn't teach the masses. So, you know, that's a big change, right? There's a big, big change for anyone that's not in the martial arts. There's a big, big difference between rolling and learning Cata. And in fact, we make fun of Cata, right? I'm not saying that's a good thing. But I shouldn't say we completely make fun of it. But like, I'll see Dean and let's say he's, I can tell he's tired. You know, he's looking all worn out and I'll see. But I'll say, oh yeah, hey, what's going on, man? You want to train some Cata today? Meaning, hey, are we just going to go through the motions? It's not actually drill, you know. No, no, no, no, we're going to train, right? So when I say make fun of it, you don't make fun of it. Because what we call Cata basically in Jiu Jitsu, we call it drilling. You're going to drill this drill drill drill drill, which drilling is part of winning. You've got to drill the win, right? Andre Galvao. Drillers make killers. Drillers make killers. There it was all those things. That being said, we all know if you do nothing but drill, you're not going to be able to pull these moves off going live. And this with the old tradition, what we now call traditional martial arts, that was all Cata. And all Cata will get you nowhere. That's when the guys, when you saw the 90s when the Jitsu invasion happened, you know, the guy would try his 12 point strike, Cata method against a blue belt in Jiu Jitsu. The blue belt would do a sloppy dugdle, double leg, take him down the ground and choke him out. Because they rolled live, they did random. So you have to have balance, but you've got to train live, random. And at the same time, you've got to drill too. So be careful. Don't too too much or one. Seems like the drilling helps you get a hold of what you do with your body and then the brand door the line, the rolling. Yeah. Gives you a control or better skill in dealing with other people. Right. So, and that's what Jesus is both, you know, where you can kind of, and you're going to get, you're going to get reactions that are different, right? Right. And this is the same thing like when I was training guys in the teams, like you could teach them the basics of how to enter a room and then how to move down a hallway. But as soon as you put another person there going against them, it was like, they different things happen. Different things are going to happen. You got to be ready for it. So you have to go a lot. I've told, I told you this story before, but when I first started playing basketball, and my coach had the old school, he had the old school, who's your coach, right? You know the old school, you see movie Hoosiers? No. Oh, day. So, in Hoosiers, the guy's old school quotes, I, hey, no, you're not even allowed to shoot where defense defense, defense, run drills, drill, drill, drill. We never scrimmaged. And the first time I played in a real game, it was the first time I played in a real game. I went down the court and called the play and expected to be able to execute the play, that we'd run the little pattern, and the other point guard just picked me off. I was in the seventh or eighth grade. He just picked off every pass I threw. I was just, because I'd never done random story on the basketball court. Never scrimmaged, never played. Yeah. He's got a balance list too. All right. Uh, next. Back to the book. Next I would like to briefly discuss free practice involving throwing and grappling techniques, which I will refer to by their Japanese names. So the two Japanese names that he's going to use are, Katami Waza and Nagawazi. Now, now Waza means technique, right? And you probably knew that a lot of us, a lot of us in Gigiitsu we talk about, or we, what we know about you, do we talk about Noaza? And NEWA's WACA. Noaza means groundwork. That's what it means. Matt work. Basically, I think the NEA actually means like laying down or sleeping or something like that. So if you're down on the ground, Katami Waza is the Katami Waza is like the grappling part. But you're not necessarily laying down in all grappling positions. So that's why they call it Katami Waza. But Nagawa'sa is the throws. All right. So here we go. Back to the book. When I was training, I practiced Katami Waza quite a bit. But after coming to appreciate Nagawa'sa, I came to believe that Nagawa'sa should be emphasized in the technical training aspects of judo. This does not mean I considered Katami Waza to be useless, of course. But I stress practicing Nagawa'sa first followed then by Katami Waza. So he focused on the throwing techniques. This is because doing Katami Waza first hinders progress in Nagawa'sa. While it makes sense that learning Nagawa'sa first makes it easier to remember Katami Waza as a later stage. When I established Kodakon, I encouraged the practice for Nagawa'sa precisely for that reason. As a result at that time, a great number of experts in Nagawa'sa were fostered in the early years in the Kodakon. As a result of emphasizing Nagawa'sa, however, Katami Waza gradually became neglected. That's very interesting. So anyone that knows anything about judo and juditsu, one of the biggest differences is in juditsu we focused on all ton on groundwork. You could say too much, right? Because there's juditsu people that don't know how to take someone down. And that's very problematic. So he's saying that, hey, he focused on that. You can kind of hear what he's saying. So if you, it's really easy to ignore the stand up. When you realize how effective the ground game is, and you also realize that if you understand how to take the person down, then you're going to get in good positions and all that. So he just kind of leaned in that direction and says that it ends up getting a little bit neglected. And also, if you don't know the rules of judo emphasize the take-downs, because the rules of judo, if I take you down, if I throw you with an hip-on, which means something some other body part other than your feet touches the ground before your feet do during a throw, I win automatically. Instant win. It's like a submission. And so because of that, they practice a lot of stand up. Whereas in juditsu, you can get thrown 10 times. And you can still catch person in a triangle. You win. You can think of the ground doesn't matter. And you can get pinned in judo too. If you can held down for 30 seconds, about 30 seconds on your back, you can pin, you lose. That doesn't happen in juditsu. You can have someone across side, and on you for four or seven, eight minutes. Just you haven't even moved. You didn't lose, and you sneak out of there and grab a little commira. You get the victory. Sir? All right, back to the book. At the code of con, we study and practice techniques with the purpose of using mental and physical energy, most effectively in order to achieve one's goal, no matter what the endeavor, which is the basic principle of judo. And he's going to talk about this, a ton, the basic principle of judo is like efficiency. So those in training do not merely now put this in the zone part. Those in training do not merely imitate the actions of the master or practice without understanding the reasons behind what they are doing. But rather consider the methods and training accordance with detailed principles. For that reason, what once took five or six years to achieve can now be accomplished in three years. This is huge in juditsu. And I saw this transition take place when I started learning to juditsu, we learned moves. Now everyone teaches concepts. I mean, you still teach moves, but if you didn't know the principles of them, and it's the same thing when I was teaching guys and the teams, like you teach them a maneuver on the battlefield, you can learn the mechanics of the move on the battlefield. But if you don't understand why those mechanics are important, then it doesn't make, you don't even have it, you don't get it. Same thing in the business world. You can tell someone like, hey, here's what you should tell your subordinates right now. But that technique, they can use it, they didn't work okay. But that's nothing compared to saying, here's why it's important that you tell your subordinates this thing. And here's how you want to lead them. That's what gives them the game is when they understand the principles. You know, yeah, that's why those introductory courses are so critical. And I'm talking about juditsu obviously, where you get a new guy, first day guy, and he jumps in a class, and the class they're teaching the mechanics of a certain move. Meanwhile, everyone in the class, they're not first day people. They know the concepts behind it, but they come in and it's just, it's just a different language. It doesn't stick. Yeah, you can make a couple of views. Yeah, it's like trying to teach someone, if you, if you had a non native English speaker, you walk in and you're going to teach him a vocabulary word, which is like, you know, audacious. Right? Yeah, yeah. He does no context to put that in. That's not the word to teach him. He doesn't even know how to say, I. Yeah. So when you start teaching someone a Uma Plata, and they don't understand what an armlock art is, they're going to have issues. Yeah, that's like keeping the fundamentals. Do you want ketchup with that? Teach someone who doesn't know any English. Do you want ketchup with a teach him that and then send them out? He doesn't know when to use that. I know how to say it. Well, you're not just going to roll into the post office and be like, hey, do you want ketchup with that? It doesn't make sense. No, it doesn't. Unusable. Back to the book. Various records and accounts have been passed down over the ages with regard to the true meaning of jujitsu. Then he started by the actual word jujitsu. But few of them are accurate. It can be said, though, that the name apparently derived from the expression, duyoko, go, oh, shishu, which can be translated as softness, controls hardness. This expression needs closer attention. Let's assume I have an opponent who possesses power to the value of 10. Whereas I must face this opponent with power only to the value of 7. When my opponent thrusts at me with all of his energy, it follows that if I resist, I will be overcome even if I expend all my power. If however, rather than resist my more powerful opponent, I adjust an adapt to his energy and pull back. He will fall forward under the strength of his own attack. His power of 10 will become merely a power of 3 and he will stumble and lose his balance. I will not be pulled off balance and can pull away, maintain my stance, and retain my original power of 7. In short, resisting a more powerful opponent will result in your defeat. Whilst adjusting you to an evading your opponent's attack, will cause him to lose his balance, his power will be reduced and you will defeat him. This can apply whatever the relative values of power thus making it possible for weaker opponents to beat significantly stronger ones. There you go. That's the way it works. Can a level 10, be the level 1, be the level 10. That's tricky. There's a point, right? There's a point where, like, yeah. Because there's even that what he's talking about. I like how he did it in numbers, like how he did that. But the reality is that it's, again, cool to have the numbers, but it's not, they're not absolute numbers. There's a lot of great area in there. So the idea is to take his 10 and use almost using part of his 10 on top of your 7 because you're going to see it. But it's like how much of that 10 are you going to use. If you're one, you better be using 9. You better know. Yeah, you're going to be using a lot of his numbers. This is one of those things. This is one of those things that I subconsciously learned from GJ2. And I applied it all the time, especially in dealing with relationships. And I've talked about it here a million times of, like, hey, don't attack the ego, don't attack the strong point, right? That's just complete GJ2 mentality. That's what it is. And it works. If you attack that strong point, Sun Zoo, Art of War, 2500 years old, if you attack, the definitely defended position, you're not going to win. If you go against a power of 10 and you've only got a power 7, you're not going to win. Not going to happen. Even if you use full power, even if you use full power, your fact is going to be worse for you. Especially the other guy knows he's going to use that 7. He's going to use that. In addition to his 10, he's going to beat you with a 17 to 0. Yeah. And actually, that actually backs up or kind of refers back to your point where it cannot when you say, can a level 1 beat a level 10. So if they both know GJ2 or Judo, then it's weird because he knows the same thing as you. But if you're 9, if you're better than the guy, a factor of 9, then your chances start to go up. That's a lot. No doubt about that. But I think that's where people, they get jammed up where they're like, hey, I thought size didn't matter in GJ2. Oh, yeah, if everyone's doing GJ2, of course, size matter. It's like, can you just not going to matter? It's like how tall he is, matter is how strong that is when you all know the GJ2. Yeah. Well, that's like a dude said the other day. GJ2 is not important as important in the UFC as it was. The guy that just beat for Doom, big tall badass guy from Russia, Calvcau for something. Sorry, bro. He, but he said, hey, it's not as important anymore. And the fact that you're right, you know why it's not as important because everybody knows that. That's not as important. You go, you roll in there with now knowing any GJ2, you're going to get cemented. See, yeah, exactly. Yeah, exactly. All right, back to the book. There's a popular parable that goes thus a GJ2cah, which means a GJ2 practitioner, was grabbed by a Sumo wrestler. At that point, the GJ2cah said, you're a Sumo wrestler. You can't grab any tighter than that. Angered, the Sumo wrestler attempted to adjust his grip as he did so he loosened it slightly at that moment. GJ2cah quickly lowered his body and escaped from the Sumo Raphislo's grip. All right. Now there's another, we're going to talk about this theory called the Siroco, Shazen, Katsyu, and I apologize to everyone that speaks Japanese. I'm sorry, Tim Ferriss. I'm sorry. I should have waited for you to come and do this with me so you could correct me. But here we go. One's mental and physical energy must be used most effectively in order to achieve a certain goal. That is to say, one must apply the most effective method or technique for using the mind and body. If we use the term Siroco, for one's mental and physical energy, this should be expressed to Yoko, Sazen, Katsyu, which means best use of one's energy. We can shorten this simply to Siroco, Zenyo, which means maximum efficiency. Maximum efficiency. This means that no matter what the goal, no matter what the goal in order to achieve it, you must put your mental and physical energy to work in the most effective manner. This is like common sense, right? But how often are we wasting energy? How often are we wasting energy? We're wasting energy all the time. Back to the book. When I was a child, I learned the jujitsu of the past. However, the jujitsu had no basic principle. I learned various methods from one teacher. He taught me how to place my hips and pull to throw an opponent and how to choke someone, but he did not teach me anything about what principles were involved or how to apply those principles. That's the same as jujitsu hit America. I think everyone was learning like that. Like here's how you choke someone, but you weren't learning the system. As I studied further, I found that one teacher taught different from what another taught. There was no basis upon which to decide which one was correct. That was the reason I began to make a throw study of jujitsu. Now, what I would say about that is you don't need to decide which one is correct. Like when you learn an arm bar from one person, you learn a lot, arm bar from someone else. The year you're going to learn good things from both of them, neither one of them is correct. One of them might be correct in this situation or with this body style and the other one's correct in different situations, with different body style. I think if we looked at canos personality traits like he's a guy that's real orgurally. I think that's, yeah, he's a real guy like Jordan Peterson, people would put him in the high conscientious and high or high and orderly person. And so for him, like there's a right answer and there's a wrong answer. And I think you see that in judo and that's why judo is much more disciplined, highly disciplined, like go to a judo competition. I don't know yelling. It's good. Go to a judo competition. It's mayhem. Right. And they've tried to tighten that up. They try and make it less crazy, but they haven't succeeded. Just too crazy. Just too common to it. It's a crazy. Judo competitions are not like that. Yeah. See, there's a clip, a judo clip on online, wherever I saw it. But it's a clip. And so this guy wins, right. Real dramatic win, like maybe he wasn't supposed to win or I don't maybe is an upset. Maybe not. Or maybe he was a finals. I don't know. But it was a real dramatic win. He wins. And he's like, you know how they yell and they be all happy. What he did that and he kind of stood over the guy. Just for a second, like a split. Pretty short. DQ. DQ. Just like that. So legit. Like man, in judo too. And man, you see that all day. That's, see that's, that's the, that's one of the reasons I wanted to talk about. This is like that is a quality thing. You know what's two? And I guess this is different on the East Coast or West Coast. The East Coast, like one of my buddies, Joe, he came and watched some wrestling with me with some high school wrestling. And they, they, they, they, they, they penalize people. Like, oh, no, you're not allowed to do that. Like they're strict. When you get done, when you get done wrestling, you just got pinned. You get up, you get to the center of Matt, you put your hand out to shake hands. That's it. They don't complain under the rough. Because on this other crap, no, you do what you're supposed to do. And that's awesome. Because that, you know what that teaches people? Teach people how to control their emotions. Yeah. Yeah. I remember in pop Warner, you know, my only framer reference was watching football on TV and NFL. Do you just spike in the ball doing the Ikki shuffle back in my day. Ikki, you know, and cute woods. Anyway, back to the day. And so, you know, we play pop Warner football my first year. I knew that. Our coach was super disciplined. Like the kind of where you had to, everyone had to wear high white socks. Like, it was real disciplined and I see other teams and they different colors, shoes, all the stuff. That's all I knew though. So it was clear. You couldn't spike the ball. You couldn't do any dance or whatever you give the ball to the rough. That's it. When you make a touchdown. So we played this team that will remain nameless. And they go, they, you know, when I bring up the old rivalries, they're all, they're not. They're not. They make a, actually, was a team from out of town. Excellent. And they, he spiked the ball. And does the thing or whatever, straight up flag. It's a, it's a penalty. Oh, you've actually even colleges like that. Oh, right? I don't know. Yeah, and college football is like that. You can do, you can do more for sure. But yeah, pop Warner anything. If you do anything, you throw the ball. You put your hands up for too long. If you put your hands up for too long, after you make a touchdown, that's a penalty. That sports been like conduct. That's legit, right? I think so. Especially as little kids. I think so, especially even as big kids. Yeah, I think that's the stuff when you're, when you're professional, this is what you said, when you're professional football player, you can, and you make a touchdown, something about like, that's your job or whatever. So yeah, you have the right to be happy about it. That was kind of it. But when I think about it now, it's like shoot if you're professional, you focus on your profession. Do you think so? I guess whatever your philosophy is. And you could say like UFC, I mean, it's really cool. It's so much cooler when someone wins, and they just start like check. Yeah. What? Like the one in the world? Yeah, we're just going out there and just destroy someone. They just come like, yeah, thanks, good match. Yeah, that is true. I know we don't want to see the high. That's the guy in Jumble and Top of the Cays. Yeah, let's tell us, take it's in blah, blah, blah. But there's nothing better than just a cold blood killer that just comes out. And you're what's interesting. Sometimes fighters do it. I think I was watching Cowboys around the other day, like knocks them down, just walked away. Like it was nothing. Yeah, yeah, I do this every single day. Yeah, yeah, I was like, yeah. But they don't show that clip or like, mark on. Yeah, yeah. Mark on just does a walk away knock out. Just knocks, dude, I just walks away. Like, yeah, yeah, can I get my piece of chicken now? Yeah, I'm hungry. Yeah, I'm hungry. But the reason that those are so cool, like Fedor, that's a great example of the way where he's just, no, he's not getting hyped up before the fight. He's not hyped up afterwards. You know, knowing motion is this cold, that gets, that seems more appealing because it's in contrast to all the hype all the hype all the hype all the way. This guy can hype it up and whatever. So if everyone was like that, it would be less. It would still be cool. But even then, I'm probably just comparing it to like how I know it now. No, you can't knock the hype in contra of a Gregory gets positive. You know, I mean, yeah, exactly right. So, you know, there's a, there's a dichotomy. Yeah, there's a dichotomy. I think the preferred method though is cold blooded. Yeah, but when you, and this is really what it is, and this goes for the NFL too, but yeah, for sure. It's, it's a show. Got to remember that. It's a competition. It's a show. Yeah, exactly right. So, and that makes it too for the NFL where... Oh, I don't think it just goes to the NFL. Just go sit around and watch old fader fight. So, you know, soccer Robo was kind of like this. That's soccer Robo didn't celebrate. Well, that's soccer Robo. Yeah, of course. Yes, soccer Robo was pretty cool. He did. Yeah, totally cool blooded. Yeah, but just like you say man like Connor and like these guys who do put on a show, that's kind of cool too. He seems like. So, this show, all of you there. All right, back to the book. In the end, I learned from various teachers in various schools, but when one method of instruction differed from another eye, difficulty determining how to resolve those differences as I studied further, I came up with the principles I have described in order to achieve your goals. You must put your energy to use most effectively. Again, I'll just say that you don't have to choose like this one's right and this one's wrong. You need to absorb both those methodologies and have them both in your toolkit because you might need them. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Kind of like having the metric. Ranch, sockets. And the, you know. Oh yeah, yeah. And the other one. And then you got the other one. And then you got the other one. Got a neat download. Yeah. The other one. You come across a bolt. That's metric. Yeah. Better be ready for that. Here's some stuff that's interesting. Calisthenics are generally based on physiology and anatomy, so they do not result in the development of unbalanced body nor are they harmful to the internal organs. But they are not with that, without drawbacks because each individual movement has no meaning. And because calisthenics have no secondary benefits, they are uninteresting. Calisthenics are widely used in Japan and abroad, but few students continue to do them after graduating from school. This is because they are a meaningless form of exercise and not of any practical use. No matter how much they are taught in schools, if people do not continue to practice them, there is very little value in teaching them. Cold blood. It's been a good blood. It did it. So what should be done? We need to adopt the strong points of calisthenics and compensate for their shortcomings. Of course, there are various possibilities, but for now I've come up with these two ideas. The first is calisthenics that incorporate training for the defense against attack. So the first one is like you come up with calisthenics that represent movements that are from fighting. So like a classic is a sprawl. But I go do some sprawls. I want to get in good shape. Yeah, go do some sprawls. Incorporate that. One of the workouts I used to do with my kids when they were little is they have to do five sprawls and max pull ups every minute on the minute for five minutes. Just five minutes. See how many pull ups they could get. See you five sprawls. And you use many pull ups as you can to see how many. This is a brutal work. I'll go try that one. Yeah, you don't even need to be a eight year old kid. You can be a 46 year old man. Go hit that for five minutes. Five sprawls, max pull ups. Go. But he's a good work out for kids. Yeah. But anyway, sprawls, that's an exercise where it reflects exactly the movement that you would do on the mat. Now here we go back to the book. My other idea could be called dance style. And I'm not going to get into he talks about it. Basically saying like, hey, you come up with dance moves that are fun, that work your body and what I thought of immediately when I when I thought when I read that, I was like thinking about all the all the I guess is B boys and break dancing the same thing. The B boys do break dancing. So it's like judo and judoka. So B boys. Okay. Break dance. So like the 10th planet guys, a bunch of the 10th planet guys came from the break dancing background. Yeah. And they have the physical attributes, the flexibility, the strength from that and it turns out to be awesome for judo. So there's a good and you can find that with gymnastics people too. Like gymnastics. Here's a skill. But I guess his point is in his mind, that's now fun somehow. See in my mind, like it's not fun. Well at the break dancing. Like to me doing a break dance move, compared to doing a push up. Yeah, you'd rather do the push up. Well I mean there's not a huge difference. Right. Yeah. Break dance pretty fun. He's the deal with those young. Did you have parachute pants? Yeah. Yeah. Ritchie Martinez and Geo Martinez. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're the big guys. Yeah. Well they're their bad astrophysicists, you guys. And their B boys. Yeah. And that is what they attribute their skills, developing so quickly, so quickly. And when you when you think about it. And it's absolutely true because you think of break dancing moves like how you can spin on your back and do it like all this stuff like to spin on your back. You know these guys who go inverted do all this stuff where they have a really good control of their like spatial awareness and their body. Yeah, you know. So these break dancing guys, they come in with level 10 of that. You know. And well wrestlers obviously come in at a high level gym. Anyone that's really good at gym basics has that same kind of awareness and has some crazy strength. Yeah. You know. So yeah. For the judo players come up with some kind of a dance. A dance. Well what about Capuetta? Capuetta. Capuetta was fighting disguised as dancing. Yes sir. Yeah, you know what was. It was the African slaves in Brazil. Yeah. And if you notice I know it's because they did a talk. It's not a thesis what you call it. Like anyway, I think in college. But they did a thing on college and Capuetta. Uncapuetta. Yeah. And so I don't want to go into a whole long thing. But good. If you go early, Capuetta was only legs. You know, you know why? Because they a lot of the time they'd be tied up. Hands behind their back. So that yeah, so they came up with this fighting system disguised as dancing and to use against their captors. It's very interesting. That is interesting. Be boys. Be boys. Capuetta. Capuetta guys. Jeff Higgs went from judo to Capuetta. Fabio Fabio Santos or old teacher was like, Higgs. Do the only person that's ever gone from judo to you know, he kept training judo. Yeah. Incorporated Capuetta. Yeah. Even the captain. The main part. The main part. I think he, none of the all. I think he kept that most people would find Capuetta. That seems cool, but then you get choked out. You're like, I'm going to learn judo. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Man, you ever seen a like a cup with a like a performance or whatever. Man, there's this gymnastics. And whatever you want to call it. It's like this. Yeah, man. It's really impressive. The old, and I'm referring to this guy that you said he'd put on a couple of shows. Everyone said this club they worked at in Hawaii. So he do these like flips and some are soft and soft like that. And it looks like, oh, he messed up that summer salt. But that was part of the move. Seems like saying so he instead of sticking the landing, he doesn't stick the landing, he rolls into the next move. You know, so it's this big string of just real fluid movements. It's kind of captivating. I can see how that would benefit you. Okay. I'm so excited. Yeah. Yeah. Keep that in mind. All right. Back to the book. There's no need to reject traditional form of exercise. Those who enjoy them should do them. My doctrine is very simple. Highly recommend what is best without rejecting things of the past. So I do not particularly oppose Japan's conventional methods of physical education. But I would like to devise the best form of physical education. Recommend as many people as possible. Take it up. Thus, resulting in a form of physical education. And at the same time achieves worthwhile goals. That is cool. Right. Like that's one of the coolest things about the Jitu is you are getting in shape and you are learning how to choke people out, which is really beneficial for all the people that say, well, I want to start GJT but I need to get in shape first. No, you don't. You just need to start GJT and you'll get in shape along the way. Back to the book. Part of a nation can be hoped for only with an energized populace that vitality depends on the mental and physical training of the people. The powerful nations of the world have explored every avenue in order to build their national strength and they are paying particular attention to physical education and endeavoring to promote vitality of their citizens through their own unique methods. Well, that sounds good and it was true at one time, but in America right now, we're getting pretty weak on physical education. Need to step it up. Step it up. You're seeing that video of the old school. They did some experimental gym class, someone in California and like the crazy offscores is like in the, maybe the 40s or the 50s and they had crazy offscores as they had this and like every kid looked like a complete beast. And you're like, yeah, why wouldn't you do that? Why wouldn't gym class at school be an hour long of hardcore physical putting out? Why would it not be that way? Right? You know why? Because people are like, that's insulting to my child because he's not a great athlete. Well, your kid's not going to be a better athlete if they don't start training hard. Right. So like what is it? They're getting the game. Yeah. I agree. So what is it though they kid the kid? Like, okay, we're going to do pushups today. Right. And you know, Johnny did a hundred pushups. Meanwhile, I can only do two. So I feel bad that this is not myself a steam. So we don't want to put you on the spot and you know what, we're just going to not do pushups. In fact, you know, we're going to do for PE. We've baskets, basket, even. Yeah, but even isn't the whole grading system? I know we're going to do a whole different thing. But isn't the whole grading system in school like that anyway? Hey, Johnny over there got to A. Yeah, it will be a little new. Well, it is right now. But you know, there's the universities for sure that have like, well, there's no grades here. Yeah, because we don't, this is no other grade. Yeah. Actually, that's like no actually becoming, you know what, you know, it makes my kids mad. My kids will be like, I got a 96 on the math test. And I'm like, what was the class average? Or who beat you? Did you lose to anyone? And they're like, well, just a, I don't know. If everyone got a 96, I don't care. You're average. I don't know. Maybe you should care. Maybe you should maybe you should be impressed with the teacher. The teacher is so good. The teacher is that they were they test these kids. These kids score almost perfect on the test on the material that they thought, that's one good teacher right there. Yeah, well, I being impressed with the teacher, but I wouldn't be impressed with my kid if they just got the same as everyone else. They need to step it up. What if they all got 100? What if they all got 100? Okay, they got 100. Okay, like still not impressed. Well, it's, it's a good job, but I'm not impressed. I'm impressed. 100? Perfect score on a test. My, my, my little daughter will come home. And she'll be like, dad, I got a 94 on the math test. And I'll be like, which one did you miss? Yeah, yeah, my wife will be like, how does she did a good job? I'm not going to lie to her. Whatever. That is a good job. All right, okay. Cool. We'll leave it there. I know you're really not like that because I see a side talk. No, it's funny is I do say that to my kids. Yeah, with this joking, but it is fun. It is fun. Yeah, like you're, like, I got our, when we're at my house, the pool everyone's jumping in the pool doing their dives. Yeah. And you're like, it's like joking, Jocco. You can totally tell. You're like, good dive, but I want to see improvement in this area. And this is like over it is good. I see what you're doing there. Yeah, we got to find with it. Sure. Back to the book. Intellectual, and now we're talking about intellectual, intellectual training involves both the acquisition of knowledge and the cultivation of mental power. And whereas one cannot discuss these entirely as entirely separate things is never less true that people with a great deal of knowledge do not necessarily have exceptional powers of reasoning or judgment. That's important. Because you went to some course doesn't mean that you know doesn't mean you have good judgment. So you can have people that are well read, well educated, but they don't have any common sense. That's what that's how I translate this thing here. The cultivation of these powers did not in itself entail becoming knowledge both. So in fact, these two things can be looked at separately. So there's big difference between having information and having, I guess we'd say, wisdom, what is he called? Reasoning in judgment. I'd call reasoning in judgment, combine together, call that wisdom. And now he talks about moral education. Back to the book, in one respect, moral education must be carried out from the aspect of knowledge. That is to say it is necessary to know intellectually what is good and what is evil. There's also necessary to develop the intelligence to distinguish right from wrong in various complex situations. Thus, it is necessary to teach the ability to determine good from bad, to discriminate what is right from what is wrong. This is something that I think we're getting away from. Like, hey, you know what? That's actually wrong. Like the whole idea you hear people. And I think they wrap this around a political conversation or a political viewpoint of there are some people that say, like, no, evil actually exists. And some people just say, well, no, people are different and people are raised differently than all that. I'm one of the people that, like, I believe he looks this. And I think you can teach and you have to teach people how to tell the difference between right and wrong. There's some things that are wrong. Yeah. There's some things in the world that are wrong. Yeah. And you shouldn't do them. Streams, Leo's talking to Jade, pretty in depth about that idea. I would place too a bunch of things where even saying, okay, things are right and things are wrong. That's like one way of, you know what, okay, so these people that say, well, people are different. There's no real absolute right or wrong. The thing is they have a point with that. But here's the thing. They're not talking about the same thing you're talking about. Like, we have a societal standard. So, and see, it got super complex. So obviously it's not the time. But think about this. Let's say a fat person. They're fat. Everyone can see that they're fat. They know they're fat kind of thing. And some people would say it's wrong to indicate or to point out that that person's fat. You're in front of people. Even though the fact is that they are. Okay. Is it right or wrong to point that out? It's rude. It's rude. Exactly. All right. So is it right to be rude? It's a bit wrong. So it will scenario dependent thing. The person's the right. The point is, the point is there's a societal standard. And usually it's established. Just like beating your kids in certain societies is right, in certain societies is wrong. So, sure, the more extreme, the behavior, the easier it is to discern. Okay, that's right. We've all that. I think there's a line that I think is, and it can call. Yeah. And it goes all the way down. So to almost like a human understanding of basic human needs, in some areas where he talks about suffering and well-being. That's the two things. If something promotes or advocates suffering for no reason way and he goes into it, then that's how you can discern good and evil. Okay. So, but at the end of the day, it goes down to a standard, like a specific standard. Yeah. But I guess you're saying the same thing. I'm saying, which is like, you need to teach people and explain what the value system is to be to people. Back to the book in another sense, moral education must be carried out from the aspect of the emotions. Even if you can distinguish right from wrong intellectually, if you are not trained emotionally to like what is good and dislike what is evil, your ability to do good and reject evil will be lacking. So, if morals are not cultivated both intellectually and emotionally, good results cannot be achieved. This is big stuff. Yeah. This is heavy stuff. Back to the book furthermore, even if you do try to do good and reject evil, if your will power is weak, the opposite result will often occur. Therefore, training of the will must also be an element of moral education. A weak will power can result in the inability to do what you know is right or the inability to prevent doing what you know is wrong. Boom. This is very important stuff. A weak will power will allow bad things to happen. Yep. She's in the short term payoff over the. Well, another good example. Back to the book, it is also important not to look over, not to overlook the element of habit. Even if you intend to do good, if you have not developed the habit of doing so, your best intentions will easily be corrupted. And even the best intentions of rejecting evil can fail if you have not developed the habit of doing so for that reason you must endeavor to cultivate good habits, love what is good and reject what is evil on a daily basis. This supports that whole, you know, when I talk about the fact that like if you make good decisions, like if you wake up early, that goes, that's a habit. And that helps you that strengthens your ability to reject weakness. Whereas if you sleep in your lazy, you hit the snooze button, your double fist and donuts into your mouth, guess what? You're going to be weak. Then I'll tell you something else. And I've been talking about this or I've been thinking about this. I've been talking about this, but I've been thinking about this. The way that you live every little thing that you do, like those actions that you take on a daily basis, that's who you are. And if you don't train correctly, if you don't live correctly when the moment of truth comes, you won't be able to execute correctly. Yeah. The way you, it's a classic way you train, you, the way you train is the how you fight. Right? If you don't train hard, you're not going to fight hard. If you push yourself mentally, when the time comes, you will have to push yourself, you'll be able to push yourself mentally. If you're weak in training, you'll be weak in war. That's the way it is. Yeah. That was very well put. Sir. We were, I was talking to you last night, like I said. And that's what we were talking about too. That's what I brought up. Because he was really excited about learning all these new things about calculus and all this stuff, right? Because he's into AI, artificial machine learning and whatnot. So I was like, okay, you know, you're, you're really excited about learning this stuff, which is good, by the way. And we're just, I was, I wasn't necessarily talking about him, but I'm, I just used him as the example. So he, I was like, okay, so what is it? Like, you're, so are you applying this to like your work now or your life or whatever or you just fired up about learning it? So it's like, you can learn about everything in the whole wide universe, right? But if you don't put it into action whenever it's like your habits, like what you do, that's who you are. You have, like, let's say you're, you, I don't know. You have, like, well, actually, I think you're saying something different. I know what you're saying. What you're saying is absolutely true too. I'm saying little, I'm saying little, the little things matter is what I'm saying. The way you live is the way you live is what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What you're saying is also important. Like, hey, you got this, what are you gonna do with it? Yeah, yeah. That's what you're saying. And that also is important. Like, okay, will you work for this? But now what are you gonna do with it? You got this gift? What are you gonna do with this gift? You got this talent? What are you gonna do with this talent? You got this education? What are you gonna do with this education? Those are also important. And what I'm saying is, if you don't develop the habit of putting things into place and being efficient and working hard, you can take those gifts, those talents and education, you can piss it away. That's what I'm saying. If you're used to taking the easy road, you get that knowledge, you don't do anything with it. So, live your life within 10. That's what I'm saying every day, every little decision you make matters, it matters, matters what you do. Expanding this out a little bit back to the book, if each member of a group helps others and acts selflessly, the group can be harmonious and act as one. Accordingly, the group can make the best use of its energy just like an individual. This principle remains true even in the case of a complex society with a population of millions. You can help each other out. This is what, this is like a seal team, right? This is like a seal team. You help each other, you support each other, that's what makes you good. That's what makes you good. Here's another one. Let's say someone draws a sword on you. This is getting back in training a little. Let's say someone draws a sword on you. Any hesitations in your actions will result in you being injured or killed. You must react automatically, instinctively, just as when you blink impulsively when a fly approaches your eye. You must dodge your attacker and instant. In order to do this, you must prastic practice this as physical education and train on a regular basis to build up your body while also undergoing martial arts training. I like this idea of a fly getting in your eye. The fly doesn't hit your eye. You blink. That's what happens. What's cool, I see this with extreme ownership. When people first hear about the concept, like it's foreign to them, you've talked about this. Once you started thinking about it, you'd see like any excuse that someone makes your like, oh man, this guy's not taking ownership, that's just an excuse. Then you see it in yourself. When that becomes your instinct because you're living that way, well, then it's very easy to spot and it's also easier to maintain. That's why the little things matter. Echo. Yes, sir. Back to the book, Judo began with the study of martial arts and then it gradually became clear that it could be applied to physical education, intellectual training, moral education, social engagement, management, and people's everyday lives. Some people believe that Judo means simply practicing at the Dojo. This is applying the principle of Judo at the Dojo when practicing defense against attack. And though it certainly is one aspect of Judo is only a small part of it. With Judo in every endeavor, you must imagine the best goal and use your mental and physical energy, the most effective manner in order to accomplish that goal. For that reason, Judo is not merely a martial art, but rather the basic principle of human behavior. It is wrong to assume Judo ends in the Dojo. So he's saying apply this everywhere. I'm saying you should do that. You can do it with your Judo. Now we're going back into this serial, yoga, Zenyu. Certain team-chings have a long tradition, so most people accept them. But when people do not understand why they are taught a certain way, conflicts, conflicts, can sometimes arrive. To give example, virtually no one doubts that diligence is a good thing. No one doubts that diligence is a good thing. If diligence is always a good thing, it falls that there can be no situation in which being diligent is bad. But if you are diligent in an irresponsible manner, you will spend a great deal of effort on something that is not very useful and expand the energy required to do something good, wastefully. You must carefully choose something for which diligence is suited. Even when we do what we believe to be best overdoing something can be harmful when students stay up late reading a book because their teachers' parents are society has deemed it best that they should read it. This is certainly diligence, but is also detrimental to their health to read for so long. Conversely, you cannot do things half-heartedly or randomly. So you gotta stay balanced. Let us turn to an annoying yet pervasive habit people all too often display complaining. What is the point of complaining? It is certainly no fun for those who have to listen to the complaints. The energy used to make an unpleasant complaints can certainly not be considered. That is your Yoku Zenyo. Rather all the energy used to complain or grumble should be expended more easily. This means reading oneself of unpleasant feelings and refraining from harboring ill will towards others. In this end, in the end this will result in putting one's energy to the best use not only for oneself, but also for the betterment of society. This principle should be applied every day at all times. Don't waste your energy on stuff that doesn't matter. Back to the book, if people are always aware of their current situation and set a standard for their future based on doing what will benefit themselves and society and continually regulate their behavior, they can be satisfied with their lives at all times. When you try to do this, you will find that your future prospects are always bright. That is because you are doing what is best. How common sense is this? So common sense, but how many people do you know that follow this path? That is the question. Yeah, that goes back to how you say that idea of being detached. When you detached, it is common sense. Yeah. When you are in the game, it is not common sense because of how you feel. Even complaining, for example, you could ask, I will say literally everyone, but you could ask everyone and be like, hey, complaining is that useful? Is that good to do? Is that fine to do? No, just complain. Yes or no? Everyone is all no. No, no. Why does everyone complain then? Because when you are in the game, complaining, if you feel like that, whatever. You picked up on it very well because as if people are always aware of their current situation or meaning, they need to be detached. And then set a standard for the future based on doing things. Just think, this is the same thing. Is it smart to do things that will benefit themselves and society continually, continually, regulate your behavior so that you are satisfied with your life and all that? Of course. That makes sense. Why don't we do it? We get off the path, we get on the slippery slope. We start losing our awareness of our current state. How do you put it? Current situation. Current situation. Yeah, I don't understand it. This is interesting. Through judo, we are teaching a principle that can work together with the highest principles of Buddhism and Christianity and the exhaustive studies of philosophers. One, which, like other great philosophies and religions, can be put into action. This principle of judo offers a basic principle that can provide a sound answer for every situation and every question. The easiest way to master this basic principle is to practice the wasa of judo and to embark on the dough, the way. This is because through practice that incorporates both a martial art and physical education, one can learn a method for making the most effective use of one's mental and physical energy. Then one naturally learns how to apply this method to every aspect of human affairs. I believe that this basic principle is the most appropriate method for resolving various moral issues. He puts a lot of weight on the judo. A lot of weight on the judo. Is that true? With regard to our daily activities and social interaction, the teaching of serial co-zenio means bringing about maximum results through the use of every sort of energy. For this reason, human faults like anger, for example, violate this principle. Becoming angry consumes mental energy. How does anger benefit you or anyone else? The result of anger are invariably a depletion of mental energy and being looked down on or disliked by others by following the principle of serial goods. Genio people will not be able to get angry, being disappointed or troubled by failures or setbacks or harboring grievances are also ways in which mental energy is consumed. Arguments, fights, all of these are violations of serial co-zenio. Those who practice judo must take great care to follow this teaching. No matter what the situation, there is only one path that people must follow. In every case, the only course is to consider what is the right thing to do and proceed in that direction. What is the right thing to do and do that? What is the right thing to do and do that? That's what you should do. Regardless of how you feel, yes, I have coined a phrase that I regularly say to people, there is only one path in life, conducting yourself in accordance with this principle on a daily basis is vitally important. Though human beings may reach the pinnacle of success, there is only one path down which to proceed. That is to say because complacency gives rise to the cause of failure, you must always consider things carefully until you find the appropriate course of action and proceed that way. Even when you fail, there is only one path down which to proceed. Even if once you fail and lose heart, if you regain your courage and find your way along the highest path, the highest path circumstances will gradually improve. That is like Jordan Peterson talking, right? Hey, you know, like, get all do the right thing, pick a little thing and start improving that thing, clean your room. Because they find their own paths, those who practice judo and who follow the principle of serial quiz and you always have a calm spirit in joy, life and our enterprising. The most advanced mental life can only be achieved when people thoroughly absorb this principle. Silioku, Zenyu, maximum efficiency. What are you doing that is taking away your energy? What are you wasting your energy on? Back to the book, a true person's true value is determined by how much he or she contributes to society during his or her life. Because these very contributions enable those who strive to protect themselves to achieve this, the purpose of judo is to perfect yourself so that you can contribute to society. This applies to ordinary people as well. Again, this is very, very similar to what Jordan Peterson talks about. You're like, you need to, if you fix your world well, do you impact anyone's world around you? This applies to ordinary people as well, but in particular, those who specialize in judo must be expected to act in a way consistent with the purposes of judo. When you practice judo, you must try to perfect yourself and contribute to society through this practice and you must emphasize the importance of this during your teachings to others. Something that seems good because it is near at hand, maybe useless in the future, whereas in some cases, a bit of patience is highly effective in furthering your lot in the future. Right, delayed gratification. The basis of happiness in life is found not in the pursuit of material gains or temporary pleasure. And true kindness towards one's friends means giving them serious advice when needed, selflessly without fear of offending them. That one's interesting because I deal with this one a lot, right? I deal with this a lot because you got your, your subordinate that's not doing what they're supposed to do. And I just was having this conversation with a group I was working with. And they were real big on the word transparency of life. And I talked about it on the podcast and, and if, here's the question, like I'm going to be transparent with you, like, like, hey, echo your videos, you know, they're not good right now, like your videos aren't good. You need to tighten up your videos. Like does that make, does that improve our relationship? Does that make you want to do a good job for me? Does that make you want to get out there and really crush it? No, not at all. So even though I'm being transparent, does it help our situation? Does it help what we're trying to do? No, doesn't. So I need to figure out a way to tell you something. And normally the best way to do that. And here's a big hint for everyone that's out there. If you want to give someone critique that they know that you know they need. One of the best ways to give them critique is to take ownership of it, take ownership of the problem. So I say echo, hey, I feel like I'm not really giving you good guidance on the videos in the way they're coming out. I want to sit down and talk to you and actually go through, like, what, what, the impact that we're trying to have and that I want to have. And I mean, I know you're working hard, but I feel like I'm not giving you good enough guy and so on. I sit down with you and try and see if I can be more clear. Is that a fend you? No. Well, I know what you're doing now, but no, no, I get it. Yeah, you're right. So you take, if you take ownership of the problem and then you talk about the problem with the person, it puts, it doesn't, it makes them not have a defensive posture, which is what you, which is what you want. You want, don't want them to have a defensive posture. I actually want to have them have an open mind and be able to listen what I say. They won't listen if you're pointing the finger at them. They won't listen as well. They might listen for a little while. Yeah. But it won't be a lasting thing. Maybe years later, maybe or something like that. Yeah, won't help the relationship. We know that in the future. You must remember that the purpose of expanding a great deal of effort to build a strong body is to enable you to undertake jobs that you might otherwise be unable to endure. So what he's talking about, there's talk about, he basically goes on this whole thing about, like being big and buff, sure. He's not pro. He's not down for that. He's not down for the cause like echoing your all these. He would look, you and think you're wasting too much time on your bicep curls. Yeah. Might be right. Yeah. So that's what he's saying. He's all about the functional strength. You want to be strong so that you can do jobs that you might not be able to endure if you didn't work out. You can work out hard. Hey. That's a balancing act too. I know you're going to defend the bicep. Maybe that's a curls. But you know how like they say it's even like kind of like, I'm just a bad example. But you said, you want to save your energy essentially for jobs that are like important. No, he says the reason that you're trying to get strong isn't so you can look big and buff it so that you can do jobs. You can endure jobs that you wouldn't be able to endure all of that. That should be the focus of your training. That's what he's doing. He's done with the functional strength. That's what he's done with the functional strength. That's it. There's this guy in YouTube. Super funny. Bro science. I think I told this deep. Bro science life or something like that. Yeah. So funny. And he's talking about functional strength. He said, you know, his jokes or whatever. And he's like, yeah. So good luck. You can compare your functional strength with my actual strength. So funny. But in his mind, actual strength is like, oh, what you can bet. You know, you know, how it is funny. But yeah, that's the now every time you hear like, when a guy starts like heavily advocating functional strength over like some some lip weight lift or guy, whatever. I think about that. That's even though I'm sure this became a lot. Lot, you know, earlier than bro science life. No. Check. All right. Back to the book. Some who practice judo become overconfident of their health and inevitably fail to look after themselves. We must not be careless about where we live or clothing or our hygiene. We should pay great attention to what we eat and drink. There was a time when people did not demon a problem to eat and drink to access. But rather, we're proud of a prolific, a proud of being a prolific eater or a heavy drinker that way of thinking still persists. And is obviously detrimental to health. If you do not take care in regard to matters of health, there is no benefit in practicing judo. Those who practice judo must not only keep this in mind, but must also consider it their duty to remind others. That's bold right there. They're duty to remind others. I have a star next to that. This guy is, again, this guy is like super orderly. Yeah. And he's, you know, just going to tighten people up. You know, he's out there going, don't eat that donut. Yeah, well, that's one thing. But to the end degree. Yeah, that's your duty, come on bro. Yeah. You know, it's my duty. I'm going to go, you know, go to the mall and buy the food court. You know what's the funny is, this is the only thing in the whole book that he says, like judo won't help. Like if you, if you're not a healthy, judo's not your own train. Stop training. He has a thing. Yeah. He's a little bit like that. Yeah. He's, what's that called? A pick a hang up. Yeah, that's his hang up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, this is hang up. Yeah. Because judo derives from the martial arts of the past, it must perpetuate the spirit of other martial arts. Loyalty, faith, honor and various other virtues were emphasized in the martial arts of the past. But I've keenly feel their importance even today. The deterioration of societies, morals today is primarily the result of a failure to emphasize these virtues. So I believe that those who practice judo in particular must apply themselves to these matters and restore today's neglected public morals. He's got another little hang up. He's, but I mean, obviously I'm putting this out because we could clearly look at society today and be like, yeah, well, guess what? We're on a slippery slope. Yeah. Yeah, you can tell you feel strongly about that one, all right there. Who me or him? Oh, yeah. Yeah. What about me? Yeah. Just look on your face indicated that for sure. Yeah. That's a whole lot of thing. It's weird because you go around different pockets of the world and different pockets of the country. And you see various various positions on the slippery slope. Some people hang it on, but some people are not. And they're just slipping. Yeah. And we got to be careful. Yeah. And you get, and obviously that's the whole other topic. But the, you know, and you have so many huge major major forces kind of working against it, you know, pushing us to down the slippery slope. Like marketing, right? You know how like marketing, Most marketing is to appeal to your most like immediate. Yeah. You know, like delicious double whatever. And it's the girl that's showing the delicious burger is like, yeah. And guess what? It doesn't even cost that much. Dang. You know, so gratification for cheap. Yeah. Man, so you can get it in sex thrown on top of that burger. Yeah. Just to make you feel good, you know, whatever. You know, and that's everything. So, you know, again, if you're not, what is it? Conscious of your situation or whatever. You might know what's going on. You might know what it's like. It's like, is. Like, I think people lose concentration this because most people, In my opinion, most people are like, they kind of know, We're like, we go back to the theory of right and wrong. What's right? I think most people are pretty good with it. Like most people feel pretty like they know what's, but hey, like, now that's wrong. Right? And they know that, you know what? That's a good thing to do, right? I think most people kind of, like, broadly kind of, kind of would agree with those things. Yeah. And so, that's why I think we don't emphasize as much because we think, you know what? My, hey, man, most people pretty much agree with me. Like, it's like the center people of the country right now. Like, and the extreme right now, the extreme left now. Okay, where are you at? It's like, okay, well, those people that are in the middle of the, Yeah, we kind of figure like, okay, pretty much. And so, what happens is when we don't talk about it as much, Well, then the people that are on the fringe is mentally, they end up without a compass, right? They just don't even know what's right and what's wrong anymore. Because people aren't talking about as much because it doesn't seem like we need to. I think we might need to. Yeah. Yeah. And why it's right, then it comes down to your approach and like all this stuff. Because you know, when you have opposing views, it's like, if you don't do it with the right approach, you just, it becomes more about the fight more so that they're sure. Yeah. You know, like, so, yeah. I think you're right about that. Actually, are you talking about people, most people know right and wrong? Because there's a difference between, like, just like how, how you were saying where people know right and wrong, but they don't always do what's right kind of thing. Totally. So, is that what you're talking about? Like, when most people know right and wrong? No, I'm saying, I'm saying, if you don't teach a kid like, hey, when you see someone that needs help, you go help them. Yeah. Right. Like little lady crossing the street, right? Right. That seems obvious. Little lady crossing the street. She's got a grocery bag. You, you go, okay. Hey, can I help you with that grocery bag and, you know, help you put it in your car? Maybe for you, you go to a pump while you're at it with that grocery bag. Yeah. Hope she has a bunch. Yeah. So, like, that seems like a real common sense thing to do. And that's like of the most basic example I can think of off the top of my head. Like, okay, so that would be a good thing to train a kid to do. Hey, if you see someone that needs some help, you give them some help, especially an elderly person that's having some trouble. That's what you do. Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. But what I'm saying is, and I think even I think most people, most kids would be like, oh, yeah, they'd see that and they would tend to go, okay, I'll help out. But because most people would tend to do that, we think we don't need to teach them. Gotcha. And that's where we're losing it. Yeah. Like, because the people on the fringes, they're not helping that person. There's someone on the fringes that's going to like, oh, they drop their bag and move to steal it from them. Yeah. Right. So that's where we end up with a problem. Yeah. And these things probably need to come up as part of a conversation, as a national or universal conversations to be had, like, okay, what is right and wrong? Who's giving those guidance is down? Yeah. Where are they coming from? People are people are reading the Bible anymore to look for their guidance. They're not following Buddhism to get their guidance from, right? They're just kind of going around. Yeah. So where's that coming from? Yeah. They're going around. They're seeing like, what, okay, they're looking around me. Okay. What are we doing? How are we doing this? Is this wrong now? And what are they looking at to get to measure to establish that from? You know what they're looking at? Instagram. Yeah. Whatever's around them. Whatever's around them. But Instagram's around them. Yeah. That's what's around them. And they're looking at it going, okay. Well, this is, you know, that seems like that's what we're doing. That's what we're doing. All right. Cool. That's what we're doing. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, and I feel a little uncomfortable about it, but you know what? It seems normal. Yeah. People are doing it fun. Yeah. Guys were laughing. I got a lot of views. Yeah. So maybe that's what's cool. Yeah. That's what we need to watch out for. Yeah. And obviously, I know that's an extreme case. But really, that's true. Where, especially, okay, in these extreme cases, we'll happen, by the way, if you don't have any other presence of influence, or, you know, like, I was like, I was kind of saying this. I thought it made sense where. Okay, your kids or whatever. They're going to learn how to behave, whether they learn it from you or your neighbor or TV or the guy at the club or the guy at the park, whatever. That part is up to you. Like, if you don't want to be there, they're going to learn it from somebody else, kind of thing. So that idea where, okay, what do we, you know, this is a society, like, okay, what are we doing now? How are we doing this? What's right? What's wrong? Is this wrong now? Whatever. They were going to get that. Just like I said, like, we're looking around. We're trying to see what up, you know? If there's no specific thing saying or court, not court necessarily a course, even though of course it'd be cool. If there's nothing present there to demonstrate it, then there you're going to be like, all right? Well, what is here to demonstrate it? And what I'm saying is we've gotten away from things that in the past would have guided us at least some time. And we've had this sort of sort of fundamental universal understanding, like, thou shalt not kill, right? Sure. Well, okay. That's a biblical thing. And well, you know, maybe when a kid is 15 years old and he's feeling angry about something and he's thinking, you know what? I play a video game all day where I shoot like people in this video game and that makes me feel better. Well, maybe making me feel better to go out and do that in a school. Right? That's, that's what happens. So if we don't have, if we don't lay out these things for people, even though most people don't need them, there's some people that need them. That's my point is that we've gotten to a point where we think, you know what? Pretty much everyone kind of gets it. And if everyone kind of gets it, I don't need them for size of that much. Yeah. And so I'm not going to emphasize it. Yeah. Well, there's some people that need it. Yeah. And even if you don't quote unquote, need it, it's kind of like exercising. You know? Yeah. I think great. I don't got exercise. Well, yet you kind of do, you know? It's interesting times. Hmm. This is interesting. Speaking of interesting, instructive talks on morals presented in the classroom often become abstract or involved stories of people from the distant past. So they're not likely to inspire the listener. But moral lessons that can be acquired through judo's random story are based on facts. And we're much more likely to make an impression. And it can be said that the habit of observation, the ability to make decisions quickly and the ability to remain calm and resolute that are cultivated through fighting or also valuable outcomes of the practice of judo. These abilities, however, will not be developed merely by doing caught and ran dory training without any thought. These abilities will naturally develop when one takes care and fought in practicing them on a daily basis. So this is something very interesting to think about. So I thought that was great. Like, hey, you learn about some, you know, you read the Bible. You know, it's like, oh, that doesn't really make sense to me. It's some guy that lived thousands of years ago. And well, I don't really get that. I don't really get why I should be humble because it says you should be humble. We'll get on the mat. Now you get humble than you feel. You get humble, right? So there's that's that's like the perfect example of how, hey, what you learn on the mat is truly understood. But if you don't get exposed, if known, if known, if you don't think about the fact that hey, that reflects life too, by the way, that reflects life by the way. If no one makes that connection for you, that's problematic. And I mean, clearly, jiu-jitsu, this is a big difference between jiu-jitsu and judo. We talked about with the competitions or like, and you talk about how you get disqualified. Jiu-jitsu, you have people in jiu-jitsu that have bad attitudes, right? They don't apply what they learn in jiu-jitsu. But one of the things that, you know, my attitude always is with jiu-jitsu is like, if I get, if I beat someone in jiu-jitsu, if you understand jiu-jitsu, if you beat someone in jiu-jitsu, you realize that doesn't make you a better person than person that you beat. What it means is you've trained more than them. That's what it means. Or it means you caught them that time. It means you got lucky with a move. It means they made a mistake and you had trained enough to be able to capitalize on it. It doesn't mean you're a better human being than they are. And there are people in jiu-jitsu that think, oh, I am a better human being than that person because I tapped them out. So I actually know, not true at all. So if you're not connecting these bigger broader lessons and connecting jiu-jitsu to life, then what you have is just this isolated sport, which is a, which is a, which is a, it's not even a sport. It's an isolated, might makes right attitude on the map, which is not a good thing. It's not a good thing at all. Jiu-jitsu should be making you humble because you should recognize like, oh, yeah, I've been training longer than this guy and that's why I can beat him. And one day if they keep training more than me, they'll be able to beat me. So hopefully I'll keep training and we'll have a relationship and we'll be able to support each other and that's the attitude. So I think that's one of the things where, you know, you've got in my mind, you've got judo on one side, which is, you know, really strict and controlled and, and less evolutionary because it does involve as much. And you have jiu-jitsu on the other hand, which is wildly evolutionary. It's incredibly creative. Like there's less creativity in jiu-jitsu, there's way more creativity in jiu-jitsu. And I think in the middle, especially on the attitude part is where jiu-jitsu now is like, you need, like, you go to a jiu-jitsu competition, like little kids that are, they have their bad sports, right? They're bad sports. They did not learn sportsmanship. And that's an important thing because what a sportsmanship means. Sportsmanship doesn't just mean like you're a good sport on the mat. No, it means that in life you can handle getting beaten and you're going to get back up and you're going to have a good attitude. That's what sportsmanship is. That's why you're trying to teach that to your kids, right? And there's a million little things like that in jiu-jitsu that you learn. Like, just the hard training. Well, you know what? In jiu-jitsu sometimes you work hard and you still get beat. Yeah. That's the way life is. Yes, sir. That's the way life is. You work hard. You put, get everything you got. You're still going to get beat. Well, guess what? Do you learn from that? You learn about life from that? You know, the creativity part. If you're stuck in a box on something and he talked about that earlier, like, oh, yeah. When he's talking about there's only one path. Again, I talk about him as being a very, I won't see not creative, but he's got an orderly brain, right? Because I never look at something as there's one path. And by the way, if I fail in business, he's like, hey, there's only one path. No, if I fail in business, I'm actually going to look and see, like, well, okay, what other path could I take? Now, he's talking about the path. Like, I'm not saying, no, the hell with discipline and I'm just going to do whatever I want. So he's staying staying on that path and that makes sense. But there is a certain lack of creativity there. Like, okay, well, if I make a mistake, I'm going to assess, I don't want to see what I can do differently. And again, I'm not arguing that that's that he was saying, no, don't ever try anything else. But that is an important piece that you learn from Jitu. Like, oh, if I can't pass the guard, this person's guard, this particular way, I need to take a different approach. You learn that from Jitu and you can apply it to life. So all these lessons that if you don't pay attention to what you're learning in Jitu and you don't reflect on it and put it back on your life, then all you're learning is how to fight people and beat them up. Or then Jitu is not doing what it should. It's not doing what it could be doing for you. So you need to be careful that. Yeah. I think his thing, his one path is, is it's this really broad in general kind of dera- It's more of a direction than the actual ideas. It is. And that's a bad example for me to use. But at the same time, I want to make sure people aren't like, well, you know, I'm going to stay on the path. I'm going to stay the course. I'm going to stay the course. You know what? We failed that time, but it's okay. I'm going to stay the course. I'm going to keep going. No, no, no, no. Oh, sets. See what you can do differently. All right. Effective use of mental and physical energy again. He's talking about this, see, Kiro Xenio in integral, which is integral to the teachings of Jitu. Competition can be applied to many aspects of life. Those who practice Jitu must measure their behavior by this principle in a daily basis and make corrections. appropriate if you actually apply this standard to every aspect of your life from food, clothing, and shelter to your work and relationships, you'll find that you often have to correct your own mistakes. Those who do this will make progress day by day in advance in life, those who fail to do so will never progress in in many cases will regress. So keep an eye on those little things with regard to memory in the early stages of practices of judo, you must do what you have been taught. In order to do this, you must remember things as well. As practice progresses, you must you must remember not only what you have been taught, but also what you have observed. So there are many situations in which memory is vital. You will develop that ability naturally to come up with ways to remember things. You're talking about some of the benefits of learning judo. So one of us you learned to remember things. Next we come to the area of imagination. This is not particular necessary during the early stages of the practice of judo, but becomes quite necessary later. You may experience experiment with various outcomes carefully anticipating how your opponent will react, but if there is a limit to the ideas you can come up with, and if the range is narrow, no good ideas will come to you no matter how much time passes. On the other hand, if you come up with a variety of ideas, one after another, and if your thoughts extend to things quite different from your original idea, you can come up with a perfect solution among those ideas. So he talks about creativity. This is interesting. Next comes with language. This is very important to the practice of judo. The reason is that in Randori, as well as in Kata, if you try and explain a particular method in words, unless you explain it exceptionally logically and clearly, your listener will not understand what you mean. There are some things that can be demonstrated in detail using Kata, while others do not lend themselves to this method. In some cases, you must explain things in writing or verbally when teaching whether you demonstrate things through Kata only or by giving a verbal explanation while demonstrating the Kata makes a big difference to the listener. This is a trueism. When you ask something, when you ask someone about something you do not understand or discuss something in depth, it is highly beneficial if you can talk about it clearly. Thus, it is so in the practice of judo. Take care to discuss things logically and clearly. So even he talks about the importance of being able to express yourself and having good command of the language. It applies to judo. Is that reaching? Maybe a little bit. But we'll give it to him. Give it to him. Yeah. No. Yeah. The way I see it is like, you know, what is Lazacombat simple? Yeah. That's what I'm going to say. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Good call. I like it. Next, I would like to discuss the need for broad mind goodness. Broad mind goodness means open to new ideas as well as the ability to organize various kinds of ideas at the same time without mixing them up. The reason this is important to the practice of judo is that when there is no broad mind goodness, people often become overly confident in their own beliefs such that if there are new ideas that are superior, not only do they not accept these new ideas, but in doing so, they failed to determine their value and whether they are good or bad. This is something you see all the time with people with ego. They close mind. They don't listen to anybody else. They don't come up with any new ideas. It's horrible. So keep it over mind. My way or the highway. Yeah. Is that a different thing? You don't want none of that. My way. Yeah. It's speaking of simple. The theory of judo fighting includes some quite complicated ideas. When we consider the relationship between the body and the four limbs, their positions, how to use them, how to handle the mental aspects, one theory gets mixed up with many others, so it becomes difficult to reach an overall conclusion. Even if we link these complicated theories to look at them separately, the ability to unify them in the end must be the second requirement for broad-mindedness. It's going to be able to connect things, you're going to be able to simplify things. This is interesting. There is a teaching in judo competition that says one must look at the relationship between oneself and others and ones surroundings. So you have to orient, this is Udalupe. Yeah. This is Udalupe. So you have to orient yourself to what's happening. You have to look around and see what's going on. Another one in judo fighting, there is a teaching sake otore, which means anticipate. Simply put, this means using your wasa on your opponent before he can use his wasa on you. Boom. Be aggressive. Default aggressive. Don't wait for the enemy to do something. You do it first. There is another teaching in judo fighting. Dukiro, donko. And this translates to decisive action after careful consideration. Dukiro means carefully considering the situation before attempting to use a wasa. Donko means acting without delay once you have made a decision. When this teaching is applied to the path people take in life, it can indeed be relevant many situations. This is a good one. You consider what you're going to do, but then once you make a decision you go, you go full speed. You go full speed. You always reassess. You always keep your mind open. Even when I'm like, I made a decision like, hey, you know what we've debated this enough. Let's go. Even when I say that, I mean it. I'm still just making sure I always make sure. Yeah. I'm just reassess. Yeah. And then it runs to my death. It seems like he's more talking about like don't don't don't make a decision go and then hesitate all the time. That's definitely your and also don't sit there and wait to make a decision. You know, make a decision. But this is what's interesting here's a, here's a contract. Back to the book, a further teaching, which seems to be somewhat contradictory to Donko is known as Tomaru Tokoro, or Shidor. That translates no when to stop. This means that when you venture to use a waza up to a certain point, but when you reach that point, you must stop. Again, this rule has universal applicability to many aspects of life as well. So there you go. You got those two opposing forces. One is like, go. And the other one's like, no, when to stop. So those are, let's just say very important. One of the most important concepts in judo fighting says, if you win, do not boast of your victory. If you lose, do not be discouraged. When it is safe, do not be careless. When it is dangerous, do not fear simply continue down the path ahead. Right. Those are normal face. Yeah. Normal face. Yes, affirmative. When encountering social pressures such as those such as those we experience today, even an incredibly strong will person can lose spirit and experience great adversity. This is when we must, this is when he must show true character. At times like these, the ability to overcome difficulties in during the patient preserved ones honor and maintain a spirit of integrity are truly valuable above all else. In order to do this, first you must develop good daily habits. These good habits include simplicity and moderation, and while thinking of yourself, always keep other people and society as a whole in mind as well. You must not trouble others for your own convenience. And if you can, you must try to benefit others while benefiting yourself. In other words, you must perfect yourself in contribute to society, which is the ultimate purpose of the study of judo. Then judo is a lot bigger than you thought it was. Is it? It is. He's trying to take it to the distance. It takes. Those who want to do something to benefit society must first make sure they can easily take care of their own business. Clean your room. As Jordan says, take care of your own business. Then you can worry about the rest of society. The oxygen mask, right? You have to put it on yourself first. Then you put it on your kitchen. Because if you're suffocating how you can help you kid. You're not. You can't. Here we get a little controversial, professional restlos and boxers are generally people of low character. I don't know if they can say it on. Oh, definitely don't sign on with that. No matter how superior to their skills, they are mostly looked down on by society. I guess we have to do some research as to what the boxers and wrestlers were like back in his time in Japan. Some code of con members of game popularity, popularly performing on tour with them, but I don't believe this behavior is to is in accord with the aim of judo. True judo practitioners must not be performers. So that's where you go, right? Yeah, that explains the lecture. Yeah, he would like the Gregor. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Look down upon for sure. McGregor, don't care. No, no, no, no. All right. And this is, again, I had to call these things out. Because obviously, I don't agree with a boss, wrestlers and boxy being people of low character. In fact, I believe the opposite of that. But here's a good one. In the future, when asked to compete against wrestlers or boxers, the competitors must decide whether the judo practitioners will complete under the rules of boxing or wrestling or whether the opponent will compete under the rules of judo. However, those contests must never be commercialized. They must be merely trials between volunteers for the purpose of research. If for some reason, showman should get involved. People get charged admission and it becomes a spectator sport. You must recognize that this is in complete violation of the spirit of Kodakon judo. So what about Olympic judo, then? That's that's the violation. Yeah. I mean, there's a lot of things you call, but actually, you know, judo Jean Lebel, he fought against boxer Milo Savage 1963. I think it was Denver. I forget where it was. But yeah, that was like, that's kind of noted as sort of the beginning of like whatever popular MMA, right? Boxer versus judoka and judo Jean Lebel is American icon. He's an icon of grappling. If you don't know who judo Jean Lebel is, look him up. He's awesome. And he actually, so he did this back in the day, back in 1963. What do you think the outcome was? Boxer versus judo? In a fight fight. No, they fought. They fought like in an MMA fight. I mean, it was, it was you fight each other. Yeah, that's Jean Lebel, then. Yeah, that's Jean Lebel all day, right? Yeah. Take down Rere-Naked choke. That's what he got. Yeah, that's what he got. That's how it went. So yeah, that's, you know, it's just interesting how completely commercialized. Yeah, this is. And it's also interesting that again, close-mindedness or, I don't know if you can't close-mindedness, but he has a very orderly brain. Yeah. And he was like, look, it's either going to be those rules or these rules. He didn't think to himself like, you know, what, what if you just mix it up and do it all together? Yeah, all rules. They're all rules. Why wouldn't we do that? Which is interesting because in judo, they do cover striking and, you don't hear about it much, but they have those are part of it. So it's interesting that in his mind is like, no, you see those rules or these rules. Yeah, very rigid. Yeah, very rigid thinker. Yeah, that's a good point. Back to the book. And every day, Randory practice fighting against another person is not the real purpose of the practice of judo. Because fighting to see who win is interesting. It is done on a daily basis. Yes, it is. It goes without saying that becoming able to beat someone is one of the ultimate goals of the practice of Randory. However, there's clearly a difference between becoming able to beat someone at a future time and becoming obsessed at beating someone now. In order to beat someone now, it is best for those who are strong to use that strength to overcome the other person's strength. However, with that method, if you encounter a opponent who is much stronger than you are, you will naturally lose. So even if you lose for a while, the correct practice of Randory is to slip dexterously away from your opponent, adapt to his strength, cause me to lose his balance while stepping back and then take advantage of the opportunity to perform a wasa. If you do this kind of training, you will, for a while, often be twisted by the arm and held down or pushed down by your opponent. But if you do not frequently engage in this kind of training, you will never learn how to beat a stronger opponent. So this is what we talk about all the time when we talk about relaxing and trying to relax and putting yourself in bad positions and not using your strength. That's what we're talking about. And again, that applies to life as well. That applies to not staying in your comfort zone, not continuing to concentrate on what you're good at. Focus on your weaknesses. That's what that talks about. It's interesting. He's always said, don't be focused on beating the other guy. It's almost like, like, Hoiler talked about that. Real briefly. When I first met him, where he was like, it's not like, you're not looking how big the guy is, how tough he is, what belty has and all this stuff. It's like, you're focusing on your jujitsu, what's lacking, what I know and don't know. If I'm focusing on the other guy and I'm going to beat him and all this stuff, that's not what the jujitsu is. Yeah. And I'll go ahead and say this. Like, this is this sounds good. But we all, I mean, at least every single person I trained with, like, we're trying to, we're trying to win. Now that being said, now I'm going to go and correct myself. Like, we train, we want to win, but like, you take way more risks training with our with our training team, then you would take if you were training with someone else. You take, you take risk. You try new things. You put yourself in bad positions. I'm going to try this. I'm going to try this. I'm going to try this choke even though I might end up on the bottom. But that's okay. Well, you know what I mean? So I guess that's true. I don't focus completely on just trying to beat the other person. Yeah. So that's that's actually very accurate. And I think as you start this game, that's the best attitude to have is like, hey, you got to relax. And I was talking to a buddy of mine that's just starting to get to out. And he's like my age. And yeah, he's like, man, I'm trying to relax harder. He's like, I'm trying to relax harder. And actually what I, I, I sent him a text. And I was like, it's like rock climbing. Have you ever done any rock climbing before? Yes. So there's technique in rock climbing. Like, there's legit technique. Obviously, well, it's not obvious. If you've never rock climbing before, there's a massive amount of technique in rock climbing. It's the way you position your fingers to wave position your hands, the way you use your legs. You don't hang the weight on your muscles. You hang it on your your bones and your ligaments. So you're not getting tired. Your muscles aren't getting tired out because you're using the technique. If you don't know rock climbing, guess what you do. You hang on to the freaking rock with all your muscle and as long as you can. That's exactly what happens in your jutsu. When your technique is good. You're just going to hang on. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. That he, the whole thing about you just in winning. And he and he used the word obsessed. Like if you, if you, that's a shit. Yeah. Yeah. But a bit of a different scenario. Yeah. And really when you really look at it, I mean, in the moment, yeah, you want to beat the guy. Like that's that's when you train with someone in jutsu or especially when you compete in jutsu. That's actually where the shift kind of occurs. He mentioned competition as not a spectator sport. This is just for experimental purposes. Did he research research purposes? Which is essentially just training? Yeah. Really. So for sure. It's kind of like, um, kind of how when they started the first UFC, that that was what they were kind of pushing to. They're like, we were going to see how what special are. Yeah. Exactly. Right. And but really, you know, the thing that people came to see was that for sure. But it was a show. But who's going to win in all of that? Yeah. And when you really look at it, so you see one, two, all these things, it was, I don't want to say rare, but it was almost rare when aside from point crazy, of course, and, you know, Ken Chamark and stuff like this, it was really rare to see the style get maintained. It was like these karate guys that they had their stance and the fight with their head is just a street fight. Yeah. Exactly. Right. So, and that was part of the research kind of kind of thing. But, you know, people were there to see who's going to kick us out. But it in you just to when you really, when you really think about it, we are kind of maintaining that. Like we want to see. Like we're researching all the time. Yeah. And you're going to work. And here you can fall back in for it. Like sometimes you can get sucked into being obsessed with beating that guy. And maybe if you kind of use it, you know, it's like using anger to help you, I don't know, get more strength. There's something just for a moment or whatever. I kind of think that's okay. And I think we all kind of do it in one way or another, not the anger thing necessarily, but I'm going to like me and you, for example. I might incorporate a little bit of the titties. I'm going to get juggle today. That's what I'm going to focus on for a second. Yeah. Yeah. For a second. To help me get better. Maybe you didn't get me past a mental barrier or something like that. You know, you can do it. But the big picture is just what he's talking about. I just want to get better at my job. Yeah. Yeah. And I will say this too. I ego-wise. I think it's very positive to be like, yeah, I don't want to lose. And the only way you're not going to lose is to train all the times. Yeah. So the days that you- the days that you're like, well, you know, I don't- like yesterday, I was on a different time zone, came back. It was- I got back in the day. I had a work to do. As soon as I hit the ground, I got done with that. I hit a quick workout. And now it's like, oh, it's guess what time it is. Did you just do time? And I'm like, well, you know what I'm like, well, you know what I'm like, oh, well, you know, maybe it's been a long day. Like, my shoulder kind of hurt right now. So maybe I'll just, you know, rest. Then I was like, no, I'm gonna go to train. Because because what I know is not training, it's not training one day, might not make a difference. But that one day does make a difference. You might- you might tell yourself it doesn't make a difference, but there's something in there. There's every day of training you can get matters, every day counts, you can't get it back. And if you miss it, you miss it. Especially like right now, or I've been traveling a lot lately, way more than normal. So I know, like, if I, I gotta get there, maybe I'm around Z. Got to get my rounds in. That's the way it's got to be. And part of that is my ego. Part of this is my ego saying, look, I got to, you know, I got to fight. I got to struggle to be stay on top. We got to stay on top of the mountain. That's the highest I can. You know, the young bucks are out there. They're coming after me. Yes. I appreciate that. But that keeps me in check. My ego, the positive part of ego is that I do, I do want to win. And I don't want to get beat. Now that being said, guess who I train with. I train with all the guys that most likely to beat me. That's what I want. I want to have that happen. So there's a balance. There's a good balance there. And at the end of the day, there's really no escape it. And I think it's real prevalent. Like for you and Dean and the it's really prevalent where sure you have all that. You have all those thoughts, you know, in your head or whatever, but it all comes in the whole reason you have that thought is to get better at you. For sure. Yeah, because when you start to get to you like some people say me like, well, you know, I just want to get good enough to like, you know, be able to defend myself. Well, after six months, man, you're good. So what am I doing here 25 years later, still doing the same. Yeah, because like there's a couple guys that I want to keep ahead of or even with or catch, you know, like that's what's driving. So there's there's a definite ego thing involved. But I think the where that goes too far, the ego goes too far. This is obvious answer is like, oh, I don't really, you know, I'm not going to train with that guy because you might catch me. Right. Then now you're not, now you're not progressing. Now you're in this thing that he's talking about like you're not going to progress because you're not going to train with that first or you're not going to take any risks whatsoever. So you're just going to defend defend and you like, oh, I survived around and I'm out of here. Yeah. So you've got to you, you've got to keep that attitude of like, hey, I'm going to get beat. Yeah. And you know, that's a thing. Did you do works, man? Yeah. Did you do works? If somebody catches you? Yeah. Doesn't matter who they are. Right. They catch you. Did you do two works? You tap out. You go again. That's a beautiful thing about your juts. Yes. That's the beautiful thing about life. I was in life. You're not going to win every time. You're going to call it. You're going to make mistakes. Someone's going to capitalize on them. So what are you going to do? You're going to give up and even more important than that, you can lose. You can lose is whatever thing you're trying to do, you can lose. You're trying to start a new business. You can lose. You're trying to get a new job. You can lose. You can lose in life. So are you going to prevent that from even getting you, let that prevent you from even getting on the mat in the first place or even trying to start a new business. Even trying to do something that's outside your comfort zone. That's what this, that's what this is saying. Get outside your comfort zone. Don't sit there. It's not going to help you. You can see it with the guys who you can tell or just focus on being the guy who beat the other guy. Kind of think. They'll do those kinds of things. They'll roll. Then when they after two, three rounds, when they feel their steam going down, they'll leave or they'll sit on the side and talk. I'm not rolling anymore. We're the only real small guys. I did that to Andy yesterday. What? We did six rounds. I was like, Brian, he's a backup. He's training for events. I'm going to give, I was like, hey, I called Dr. Luke. I'm like, Dr. Luke, get some help over here. I need some backup. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you know, because got to get him to step it up. But what's interesting, what's the reality is when I have the time or when I'm not when I have the time, but like, I always get my rounds in too. If we got two guys that are competing and we're doing, you know, two and one out. Like, I put them through it. And then I go through it too, because I want to get my training because I'm trying to get better too. So your point. Yeah, you're not in there. Try to be dandy. Yeah. I'm trying to get better. Yeah. And that's exactly what I mean. And it's obvious. You know, but you know, it's a big symptom of someone who's who's focusing on the wrong thing is like, they don't do well or whatever. And they say stuff like, oh, you're lucky. This is in MMA or something like that. They're like, they're unhappy about the fact that they got version by you specific. Yeah. You know, like, ace to try this guy will remain meanness. Um, and that's what he'd always say. Like, oh, yeah, if there was strikes, I would have one kind of thing to keep say that kind of stuff all the time. I was like, bro, focus on the wrong thing right now. The fact that you quote him quote, got beat or I beat you. And this is how you would have beat me. You know, you're focusing on the wrong thing. Why do you think I do? Because I do this. I do the opposite of it. When I roll with someone, and I'll be like, hey, you know, like I'll catch him or whatever. I'll be like, yeah, you know, hey, if this was MMA, like, let's say I'm going there. I'm even firing at your catcher. I'll be like, hey, you know, this is MMA. You know, you're on top of a while. You've been in a unit of an pound of me in the face. I would have been good. You would have won. Or if I'm going against a digital guy in a catch or something, I'll be like, yeah, you know, though, if that was points though, you were up like eight points, you probably would have beat me. And that was a, that took me 15 minutes to get to you or one. Yeah. And it's see, obviously, I don't know exactly what's going on in your head, but it seems like that would be something you'd say to someone to make them kind of feel better. Because you know, there are, it's a little mini competition in there for real. I mean, that's essentially what makes it so good because he's giving you an accurate look how an a motivated opponent, attacker, whatever, would look like he's going full speed against you. So there is that element of like we're competing against each other. And when you lose this kind of like, I lost to this guy, especially if you're not that used to training or or something, it's just being nice. You're being nice. I think. Yeah. And at the same time, if you're seeing stuff like, hey, if this is was MMA, you'd be pounding me or something like that, that there could be a little element of your own training kind of like you're just watching your end thoughts like, okay, I kept that in mind where, you know, I would have got hit there and you're just kind of voicing it, maybe free the benefit of yourself. I don't know. That's what it seems like what happened. If someone was thinking those things. Check. Well, you know, that's, we could go on this book for a long time. I think that's a good place to reflect and say, look, there's a lot of principles that you can apply judo and judo. There's things that judo should, you should take from judo and things that you should take from judo principles. And if you mix those two together, you something that's really powerful, not just on the mat, but something that's really powerful to apply to your life. Again, is everything in this theory's perfect? No. Somebody asked me that the other day. I was with a group of young leaders. And someone, because I was talking about how it's beneficial to read about history and understand warfare and understanding, it gives you an insight into human nature to get you insight into people, the way people think and all this stuff. And this guy says, hey, do you ever think that maybe what you read was wrong? And if you apply what was you read, you'll actually end up making a mistake or do you just follow what you know history? And I'm like, no, that's the whole reason. I go because the more you read, the more you understand, the more different angles you see. And I'm questioning every decision I make. I'm questioning all these things all the time. And I'm using all these different information that I have in my head as sounding boards to check off of like what at least let me shed some light on it, gather some intelligence. That's what I'm trying to do. So yeah, question yourself and question these theories. That's what I think that's one of the best things about. It's one of the best things about MMA and GJTU and fighting right now is that it's evolving so fast and and it's open for it. And if you're not down for that right now, you're going to be left in the dust. You're going to be left in the dust. Does this mean that every fancy new move that comes out should be applied to your game? No, it doesn't mean that at all. Does it mean that every fancy GJTU move that you saw in worlds would be super effective in a fist fight? No, it doesn't mean that at all. But should you have an open mind to understand that some of those things could be absolutely beneficial? Yes, you definitely should. So keep an open mind with everything that you're doing. You know, that idea of broad-mindedness. Sometimes I wish Kina would have had a little bit more broad-mindedness because that you know, it would have been beneficial. You know, that's one of the sad things about judo is they outlawed the double leg takedown in judo. You can't do it. You can do it after you've done another takedown attempt. So it can be like a follow on. Got you. But that's not cool. That's not cool. And it's the same thing with with judo, right? With a outlawed certain submissions. Like the heel hook with GJTU. Right? Like the heel hook is still there. The heel hook itself is still there in the in the motion of. Yeah, like it's there. You shouldn't outlaw it. It should be part of it because then you have people ending up in positions where they're not effective fighting positions. They're not because you can get heel hook in your knee or torn apart. Yeah. So why would you outlaw something that's very effective? It's it's I understand there is some danger in the heel hook for those of you that don't know the danger of the heel hook is that it doesn't create pain before it creates industry in injury. What doesn't create a lot of pain before it creates industry in injury. So you can feel you can have a heel hook on you and it can be like, oh, I can get out of this and the person starts applying pressure and you're like, oh, that doesn't really hurt and then pop you're you have to go get surgery now. Yeah. That's the problem with heel hooks. But if you and your training partners understand that and if competitors understood like, hey, if I get caught here, I'm going to end up in surgery if I don't tap. Yeah. So that's the if you understand that then you won't go in these positions that where you're exposed to a heel hook. So that's what you should do not only with jiu jitsu, but you should do with life too. Like understand what really works. Don't outlaw things. Don't avoid things just because you're not good at it. Yeah. Open yourself up to them. Do you know why they don't they really don't allow heel hooks in ghee competition? Do you know why? Are you asking me that you know the reason that they say I think it's because the the possibility of injury. Yeah, the no ghee they let it like because you can slide more and I don't know. I think that's I think that might be just tradition. But hopefully, you know, they should allow double leg take downs in jiu do they should allow heel hooks in jiu jitsu in in ghee jiu jitsu. Now this doesn't mean if you roll with me and we're rolling ghee you just slap a heel hook on me because I won't be expecting that and I'll be pissed or that should be part of your training. Yeah. And so congratulations. Well, it is. Yeah, I guess you're right. Yeah, I'm tightening up. Yeah, I was that is one of those and here's what it is with the heel with ghee. Like if someone buss a because it's so widely known as as a distrable out. Yeah, it's a so if you get a guy especially let's say extreme scenario. A new guy comes in. He's a purple belt. Hungry blue belt. He comes in. He rolls with, you know, one of the instructors black belt or whatever ghee, you know, they're rolling and he's going super hard and he goes for a heel hook. Pause right there. Technically the what what as far as what we're talking about that should be okay. We're all here training we're all getting better. He's going hard. Thanks. Thanks for the good training kind of thing. He did it but we're essentially trained to see heel hooks with the ghee as as disrespect. Yeah. It's against the rules. Yeah, it's again. It's so embedded and it's like it's embedded in the culture really but really but as far as what we're talking about it's really okay, you know. Yeah, he's busing about a heel hook. I'll say no that's not okay. Yeah. And the reason why I know it's a good culture. This is like contradictory for me because but this is the similar thing. Right? If you if you came into the gym and like you went for heel hook on me we were training ghee and I started punching in the face. Right? That like like you weren't expecting that but you should be prepared for it. So there is if you understand that that's what you're training. Like oh are we street rules punches legal allowed? What I'm saying there's certain things that are universally as far as I I have not been anywhere and I talk to a lot of people and I roll a lot of different GG places where it's like you're wearing a ghee. You're you're clear hot to do heel hooks. Yeah. I have not seen that anywhere. Me neither. It should be that way. Well, I mean technically the thing is I'm with you and there you know there's exceptions of course and just because I happened is a correct, correct, correct, correct maker. Well allow him and say yeah yeah you can heel hook. It doesn't come up because just like we're saying it's so widely known and understood from the beginning. Yeah. You don't do heel hooks with the ghee. It's just but why is that we don't really think about why is that and does it? Well I think it's so good. I think it's recognized sanctioned rules. Right. Just like the recognized sanction rules say that if we're grappling I'm not going to start punching you in the face. No but no because that's punching in the face and not grappling. Like if he it punching in the face does deviate from when you when you start learning GG to unless it's understood that that's the kind of training you're going to get. So here's the thing. Okay when I put on the ghee these these moves are not allowed. Right. There's no yeah. I don't know there's no rules. I mean sure I be J.J. F but you know months this is a probably bigger percentage of people that due to J.J. F never competed in IBG D F tournament. Probably the majority of people. Yeah we're following IBG D F rules in training sometimes. Even though actually the ghee competitions I've never heard of a ghee competition that allows heel hooks. Yeah. Even that black belt. But who that that's not the point. The point is it that they're not allowed so don't do them. That's not the point. The point is why are they not allowed? Given what we're just talking about. They're in my opinion they're not allowed because of the propensity or possibility of an injury or I people think that there's a high-poss body you can get injured there. They're somewhat accurate because it is a different kind of pain. It was a lack of pain and so there's a little bit of accuracy. Yeah I dig it and I see if you know especially if that is true as far as why they want it because some people might say they don't want it because J.J. was always looked at as this linear thing. Like Donner mentioned kind of mentioned part of this where you get past the legs and you work your way up his body to top him out and you can start tapping him out when you get up to the upper body. And the legs were just something you had to get past because they're going to try to kick you and you know they have leverage on their own body and all this stuff. And that's it. That's traditionally how we look at J.J. and that's the effectiveness. J.J. is the best in all this stuff. Now you get you know a new person or someone from heard like that people's initial reaction. I think I've heard Dean say this like if your reaction is like oh that's not good for my game. We'll just outlaw it. Yeah. That's what it resulted. Yeah because all J.J.J. is the guys are training this well. That's what Judo did. Hey, double leg take downs are not good for Judo against the wrestler. You get someone that's been resting for 27 years and they come into Judo competition. They hit a double leg. It's not good for the Judo player. Yeah. There's so guess what kind of thing. Yeah. And so guess what? Outlaw. Yeah. Which is a bummer. Right. And so yeah. I'm not I'm not pro outlawing it. That was the ultimate point there. That's what I heard of. So let me ask you this. Do you think in training he looks with the key just you personally? You think they should be allowed. He looks with the key. I think they should be allowed every time all the time everywhere. But they are not right now and therefore in my mentality is like okay because I'm not going to put myself into position that a heel hook is available to you unless I know that they're not available. Exactly. Yeah. And I dig in and actually I agree. That's the same thing like if we're going to roll and I just did it no good. But if I said hey before we roll like one we're walking there or even right before we kind of you know shook hands whatever I said hey heel hooks are a go. That would change the game. Yeah. It would change it for sure. Okay. So same thing like if you're doing no key and you know guys like they just don't know or whatever they'll grab your shorts they'll grab your shirt, rash guard or whatever they'll grab it you know because they just don't know. Even if it's the same deal less dangerous of course but same deal where it's like when you start doing that they'll stop like hey you can't do that. Kind of thing. Yeah. But if you say before you roll hey yeah you can grab shorts whatever up to you just don't pull them off or something like that it's kind of one of those deals. Yeah you could I guess make some ad hoc rules before you start rolling but yeah we just go with what's universally accepted at this time. Slaps in the face are legal. Sometimes it's cool whenever. Yeah. All right well like I said lot of stuff to learn from judo and juditsu to make yourself better in those sports and in life. So good. Yeah. I was actually pretty I don't want to impress but pretty yeah. Impress with the whole book. Yeah yeah. Except for the part about telling people how to eat. Telling people how to eat. The calisthenics are no good. Yeah. Being above is a waste of time. Yeah. There's definitely some and I there's some truth to that one. It's weird because as I'm preparing the podcast I'm like okay do I just say the things in here that I agree with? Oh yeah. Is that's one way I could do it? Do I because one thing that's I was thinking about when I read a quote from a book. People do they kind of think like well I agree with that like I support this unless I outwardly just reject it and I kind of did half the book where I was like well you know I don't really talk about that because I see where he's coming from but that's not really my gig and then I got to other parts where I was like I have to talk about the fact that he thinks that this stuff is you know this is a completely different than what I think you know. Yeah. I guess I try and explain myself as I talk about it but yeah there's there's definitely some things that that I don't agree with. There's some things that I don't agree with about about judo like you know there's things that I don't agree with about juditsu. That's why I think there's a good mixture of the two that would be very powerful. We need to bring Dave Cameron or some of these other guys that have grown up in judo and are savage at juditsu. Okay. So anyways cool well speaking of you know getting better in juditsu and getting better in life. Sure. Any suggestions on how people could get better? Yeah. So when you get when you start doing juditsu. Okay and you're gonna get that's probably one of the one two three maybe four questions you're gonna have the first four. We'll kind of get your get. You get that's gonna be one of them. That's my guess. That's my prediction. Sure you can be injured if you're still saying hey what kind of ghee should I get? You know new ghee whatever. Anyway here's the answer. Origin you get an origin ghee that's what you do because they are factually factually see I'll rigid them being right there. In factually the best ghee's there are all made in America by the way different types of ghee's there. They got some new stuff by the way. Peach just sent me some new stuff. It's not that new they're just different like styles. It's not ghee's it's what I get some sweats. Oh okay. Which happened to me to happen to be the most comfortable sweats in my experience. You knew stuff and you said to me sorry bro you know some they must be joggers or something they are. They told me are and they're you know they're really good button on the left back to the geese. Yeah get them at originmain.com. That's a good one. Support yourself. Support the jujits. Support life. Support America. America. America. Yes. Because they're made in America. Yep. From the dirt to the shirt. We do. We do. The cotton that is grown in America gets turns into a ghee somehow peat does that part. Isn't it kind of cool to think that when you put on a ghee like there's that that ghee came from a factory in main. Came from a from a factory in Maine that was built specifically to make jujits or geese and that there's people up there the workers up there craftsmen up there that are sewing that ghee for you. And then it gets put from Maine into a bag and sent here. Isn't that kind of right? It is. Yeah. It's not like kind of ghee. I can a ghee have soul. I'm going to ask you that question. Can a ghee have soul? We don't know the answer. I know that. Not for at least. But yes. But we can make it on assessment from the outside. If a ghee has soul then you'd want that soul to come from Maine. Right? And if certain geese had souls and some geese didn't have souls you would for sure want to get with the soul. Yes. 100%. And if geese do indeed have souls which I tend to believe they do. They could then you'd want the good souls. The American souls from Maine. Yep. Well if peat starts making shoes you'll know that they'll have souls. Wow. I called made a funny. Nonetheless, origami.com. That's where you get them also in jujitsu. Okay. We got to be honest here in jujitsu. It's physical. You twist your arms, your neck, your body. Not twist like injure it. But you know it gets some work. Yeah. And with work needs recovery with recovery. Combs supplementation. Good supplementation. Krill oil. I feel like I said the word krill oil probably more than I've said any other food item or dietary supplement in my life. That's how you're happy about it. Because of how beneficious got it got more krill oil too, by the way, from peat with the joggers. Which are nice by the way. Also another one called joint warfare. These are all joccal supplements by the way. If you didn't know super krill, that's just regular super joccal super krill. Joint warfare. Which is another formula for joint maintenance reconstruction. Someone said, hey, I got knee surgery. Is this going to help me? Yes. Yes. It will help you knee recover. Especially the meniscus situation. Two. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Anything where okay. So my neck. I'm not going to go to deep into it. But anything involving cartilage like these, that don't get a bunch of blood flow. They tend to degenerate over well, everything degenerates. But over time. Not for everyone. Yeah. No complacency. No backing off. None the last joint warfare. That's a good one. Maintain the joints. In this goes for any kind of physical activity. Your joints will thank you. Or you'll thank your joints. You'll thank Jocco for Jocco krill oil and joint warfare. Also discipline. That's just regular discipline. This is supplement discipline. It's a pre-mission cognitive enhancing because people will make and stuff that helped you physically like a pre-workout. And then they were making new tropics that would help you mentally like your cognition. Sure. And well, in my job, especially my old job, guess what I needed? Both. I needed to be mentally sharp. And I needed to be physically sharp. So I wanted everything in the same like mix. Sure. Blanned. That's why you made the discipline. Yeah. And you didn't want to do the pre-workout. And then boom. And then okay. Let me go ahead and keep the other one right here. Okay. Boom. And then, you know, you went to get them both. Get them both one time. One hit. One win. And you feel it. And it feels good. Yeah. That's what my guess there is talking about the rounds I did. Yeah. Because I knew I was coming in. I was going to pay the man. So I just hit the discipline. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Tastes good to buy the way. Yeah. Tastes amazingly good. What's interesting about it? Is because that's a monk fruit. Yeah. It's monk fruit. You know what about monk fruit? No. monk fruit is the sweetener that's used in discipline. It's like whatever. 87,000 times sweeter than sugar. But it's just a fruit. So you only have a little tiny bit in there. Low glycmic and index. It's low on the glycmic. Low on the glycmic. Sure. So it doesn't give you the insulin spike. And we'll just say. And there's good. Oh, yeah. Just so people know. There's caffeine in it. Uh, but there's only 15 milligrams of caffeine. So you're not going to get jerry, but you get a little a little microdose. Yeah. I've got some little help. A little, little, little, little. A little help. But monk fruit also, it like helps and it's legit. Yeah. Other bad. Yeah. It's unknown. Unless called discipline. Tastes good. Because Jock wants it to taste good. Yeah. That kind of freaked you out. Yeah. Through me. I'm for sure. You thought maybe I just want to think to taste horrible. So it's more disciplined to drink. I'm not black. Do I like that? I was like, interesting. That that was part of the focus. But hey, good. I say good. Well, you're going to be really happy that I have this attitude when the, when the protein comes out. Sure. In chocolate. Yeah. The mint chocolate. You know, um, just FYI. It's not normal. And it's got the monk fruit in it. So that's the sweetener. So it tastes delicious. And it doesn't taste like anything else. There's no way that it could taste this good. And be one. It is. Got you. Yeah. Yeah. So I just made up. I had to make up my own name for it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That dig it. You did the right thing. Did the right thing. It's called monk. M-O-L-K with the umlaught over the O. You know why? Turn it to motorhead. Layers. Layers. Good man. I think that's good. So yeah. Pretty soon people are going to be on the moke. When is that? A couple weeks. We've got it. We went through the final testing. It's so it tastes good. It's easy to digest. All the good things. Yeah. Because, and they so remember back in the day. But especially it's moke. Sure. Yeah. The kind of sounds like mead. This is like, I don't even know what. This isn't. It's not like a chocolate milkshake. It's not like a protein shake. It's like, but it's like, it's like moke. No, no man. Remember, uh, mega mass. I think it was 5,000 or three. Mega 9.5,000. Was it 5,000? Probably. No. It was 1,000. 2000. 500. It might have been. Okay. I think that was that South Park does 5,000. Double super cross from seven. Super. I don't know. No, it's had these. We used to make fun of those. None the less. It was super delicious. It was like a big like dog food bag full of mega mass. What 500 or whatever it was. Chocolate. You drink it and it tastes straight up like a chocolate milkshake. And guess what? It probably was just a joke. Yeah. I was gonna say that's the thing. That's, yeah. These are all kind of like quote, health foods nowadays. Like, oh, this is protein. You look at the, look at the thing on a protein bar. Yeah. And then compare the protein bar to a Snickers bar. It's like the same content inside of it. Yeah. Whatever. Yeah. That's a beautiful. I saw a health school. That's what was cool about discovering the monk fruit. It's being able to make stuff taste really good without having the crap artificial sweeteners in it. Yeah. In a way that's kind of going back to your roots. Right. Where it's like, okay. We got sweetness sweetness is a thing. It's a natural thing. We'd like it. You know, for a reason all this stuff cool man. Don't do away with the sweetness. Yeah. But, you know, when you start engineering foods to like to, to kind of like the advertising I was talking about. But wait, maybe I should come up with something that just tastes horrible. You just have to gut check to taste it. Just to test yourself mentally. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. That's yeah. Man, I'm sure everyone will get that. That's this really. Yeah. Yeah. The monk. Who made that word up? Yeah. Oh yeah. More. Yeah. Gotcha. Nonetheless, that's going to be available. The monk is going to be available in a few weeks apparently. Yeah. Uh, for the joint warfare and super krill and this is a good idea by the way, do the subscription. The recurring way it gets. So you don't got to remember you get down to your last three pills because you don't know. If you have like six pills. That's two days in my case. I don't know how many you take, but I mean, I know how many you take, but I don't know how many other people take. You get six pills in there. You don't know how many pills in there. You know one pill. Okay. I know this only one by that time too late. Even six pills technically. It's almost too late. Pretty much. You go subscription. Don't worry about that stuff. But don't get the subscription. Also like we said, Geese, Rascar, it's compression gear. Joggers. Most comfortable ones in the world. In my experience, I don't know. Maybe there's a more comfortable one. Maybe not. If there is, I have never seen it. Do the joggers have a soul. Probably. I like it. They touched your soul. That's the port. They comforted it for sure. 100% 100% OriginMain.com. Good way to support. Also in main the Jogitsu immersion camp. Immerse yourself in Jogitsu for half a week, right? Half a week and a half a week. There's like two sessions. Can you do both sessions? Yes, you can. I mean, is that like a thing? Of course. Oh yeah. Okay. So there's an option for that. Boom. One week immersion into Jogitsu. Just learning. It's not like boot camp or like, you know, you're going to be forced to do a bunch of calisthenics, which we don't advocate apparently anymore. I had to keep calis, especially like a burpy situation, which I think is I advocate all kinds of calisthenics actually. You can't show me a calisthenic that I don't advocate. Even though people like our like situps are no good, they work your soul as muscle. They don't even work. No, I advocate them too. I like strong soul muscles. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Yeah. The shit. They're like, well, they're just going to work your abs. They work your soul as muscles. Like cool. I'm strong. So I was muscle. Next question. First off, yes, they do work your abs. Trade and trade. Don't do situps for one year. Do all your other stuff. And then do five sets of burnout situps. And then see if your abs are so in the next day. Don't sit up. Burn it down. Burn it down. Situps. Burn it down. Burn it down. Burn it down. Burn it down. Burn it down. Burn it down. Oh, okay. That's a burnout. Can you even do situps situps to failure? Oh, yeah. It's hard. And it's going to burn. How much time you got to have? You have the whole day. Here's it. Okay. The point isn't how many situps you can do or don't can't do. The point is people saying situps don't do your abs muscles. You look like they're in so they do that too. But they do your abs muscles. Nonetheless, I agree with you. Do you do jump in jacks? Yeah. I do jump in jacks too. Actually, I did jump jacks last week. There's part of a metcon, but still there was an old old team guy workout. You know, jumping jacks pull ups. I'm sorry jumping jacks pushups. You just do jumping jacks and pushups. And you think it's no big deal. And then like you're 45 minutes into it. You're like, I hate jumping jacks and pushups. Yeah. I don't know if it ever do something continuously for 45 minutes. Yeah. Well, that was maybe the first half of that workout. Stupid. Yeah. I don't know what to get. Especially after you do any thing. And you can do any exercise and you can make it suck after 45 minutes. Yeah. Like there's I can't even think of an exercise. It doesn't suck after 45 minutes. You know, you're just doing buds, neck rotations. You just do that in the teams too. Yeah. You're just laying down. It's like you're like, okay. You're just going to lay down and move my head around. Oh, laying down. Yeah. Yeah. You lay down. Necrotations. One, two, one. Yeah. Do that for 45 minutes. You're like, this is the dumbest thing I've ever done in my life. But I'm glad we're doing it. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're right about that. The met while you figure that key would be if you don't like the whole 45 minutes thing is you do something that's hard enough of a movement that you don't have to do for 45 minutes. Yeah. That's that's good if you don't want to just do self-tapping a sucks before you've been. I did a met con like just kind of just representative of what you were talking about earlier where it was, um, it was like how many of these these two movements you can do within a certain amount of time. Yeah. So I, which was different. Usually I set my rest time to a certain time and I do them in boom. And yeah, that's a good little change. Yeah. Do that. Or you can do the jumping jacks and pull ups for 45 minutes. Yeah. That's enough. This is a time when you wouldn't even have pull up bars so we're like, honest, just keeping the shape or something. Yeah. Okay. Jumping jacks, push ups. Yeah. Everyone's just going, god. Pouring, pouring, pouring, work up. Nonetheless, back to origin. Judges to camp. You won't be doing jumping jacks, push ups. 100%. Unless you want to, then you can. You know, but it's more learning you get to practicing. You get to know pressure unless you put some pressure on yourself, which I recommend. Yeah. Do that. By the way, enroll with everybody. You know, do some, what's the word? What's the rolling, rendering? Rendory. Rendory. We'll be doing some rendering. And some noise. And some katta. And some a lot of katta. By the way. Good. Not a good instructor there. You'll be there. We'll be there. Dave Burke is going to be there. Dave Burke's going to be there. Dave Burke's going to be there. Dave Burke's going to be there. He's got the bug. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, we haven't talked to JP and or life. See if they're going to roll up and roll. Oh, but the camp. Yeah. Makes sense. But yeah. Nonetheless, it is August 26 through September 2nd of this year. Also, speaking of boring workouts, Jock or workout. Doing 45 minutes of jumping, jacks and pushups. I don't think so. But if you want to interesting where I actually shouldn't, I shouldn't give you, give you crap about it because I did look on your Instagram and you had like some Bulgarian bag on there. So you got to, you vary your workout. Yeah. Your workout gets interesting. Yeah. Okay. I think it credit. So if you want to make your workout interesting, get some new movements, new equipment, and they're going to on it.com slash jocko slash jocko. Going there, get you some good kettlebells. Even though kettlebells, I guess ultimately could be viewed as boring. You can make them boring. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of your boring. Yeah. You know what? Ultimately, that's really what it is because even me doing the same Mac on that I do all the time. All I did was switch up like one teeny tiny thing. So it was more about me than the workout. Or it was a workout about the equipment, less about the equipment, more about me. Nonetheless, if you want to make it about the equipment on it has the equipment, maces, steel bells. See, I haven't even done that. That's like some advanced creativity stuff. You know, battle ropes, all this stuff that will get you functional strength and actual strength. Just joking. That's it. You know, anyway, on it.com slash jocko, good spot. That a good info on there as well. Also, when you get this book called Mind Over Muscle, I'm going to list it. Can you get it on Amazon? Yep. Okay. I'm going to list it on the website. I'll just just get it down to me through the ancient tradition. Nope. Oh, bro, whatever. It's a book before that wasn't available. I think it kind of like that. Yeah. I want to use old school, old style. Yeah. Looks nonetheless. Not this one. When you get it, don't worry. Go to jockopotcast.com. I'll put it in the book section with all the books. Boom, click through there. Good way to support. And you get the book. Boom. Also, if you're doing another shopping, go ahead and continue to connect. Get the leaf about blow or it's about to be actually going to be summer before fall. So maybe get a weedwacker. We eat whacker. Some sunscreen. Some surf shorts. Yeah. Get all that stuff. Good way to support. Man support yourself. Also, subscribe to the podcast. If you haven't already, I do in the teacher Google Play. Whatever you're preferred podcast, listening device slash app application is subscribe. Good way to support. Also, if you want to leave a review, don't hesitate on that one. Do what Kano says. Make a decision about leaving a review. Make a decision and just go. Don't hesitate on the review. Just do it. Leave it. Like everything in life. You know, reviews no different. Also, on YouTube, subscribe to our YouTube channel if you want. If you care, even a little bit about the video version of this podcast and what chocolate looks like. I don't care if you care about what I look like, but again, and I still get this by the way. I guess, apparently, I don't look how I sound. Is there, like, can you match up a voice to a face? You kind of can't. Yeah, you can. Yeah, like you. But it's not like a one to one. It's kind of like a, like you hear the voice and then there's this ambiguous kind of group of faces that might go with it. You know, it's one of those deals. It's not just one face comes to mind and that's kind of it's not that. But it's like, I guess my face falls way outside of the group of faces that practically, you know, practically, but that that see probably probably match my voice. I guess that's that's what I hear too. Apparently, I still hear it. So if you care, subscribe to the YouTube channel. I guess technically you wouldn't have to subscribe to you just look at it. But if you want to support it at the same time, if you want, subscribe to the podcast. On YouTube, also you have excerpts on there. So that's another reason. By the way, you know, you want to share this shorter excerpts with people and watch them. Well, YouTube is a place to do it. Also, some enhanced excerpts. That's what I'm calling them today. In hands, put some music on there. Make you feel good about it. Here's the thing. You advocate discipline. Like how the way you feel doesn't matter. I would say this. It matters less. Then discipline. It still does matter. When you're fired up to go do a work on. That. Whatever. When you're fired up to go do a workout versus the day when you really don't want to do a workout. Is it then all the time people like, oh, I didn't want to work out today, but I didn't even expect a PR in my whatever. Yeah. What does that happen? That happens sometimes. So you're through. Sure. No, no, no. No, I want to get up. I wasn't done with it. I wasn't done with it. I wasn't done with it. I'm a theory. If you feel like working out and you're fired up to go work out, that's going to be a good workout chances are not all the time I get it. If you really don't feel like working out your dragging ass, dragging, you got 5.5 hours of sleep, and you're not jockel by the way. And you're you ate some sneakers or something like this. And you're like, dang, I still got to workout. You really don't feel like it. And you have a bunch of other stuff to do. And you go workout. Have you ever say about a sneaker noodle? No, I mean, I know what else. This guy in the team, his name happened to be neck. Sure. And we were in like new guys. And we went on a compass course. The only food that he brought out in the field was was sneakers. Like you know, like the 12 pack of sneakers? Sure. Yeah, I assume. He brought he bought like 312 packs of sneakers. And that's all he brought for five days. It didn't go down well. No. Yeah. Oh, and then things got a mega diarrhea case. So the whole marketing of his nickname was sneaker noodle after that. Oh, it's got a sneaker noodle. Sticker to the footy. Yeah. And it was pretty bummed out. Actually after that one. It's good. We had a guy named Snickers on our football team at UH Snickers. He was like the center. Oh, that was his last name? No. No, it was his nickname, full on. But that's how, you know, how certain guys have their nickname is so strong. You don't really, you know, like you. Yeah. It was like that nonetheless back to the point, if you're fired up to go work out, chances are you can have a better workout. Same thing with the Jocquoise message. If you're fired up to listen to it, it might sink in better. Might put some good music on it. Boom, might sink in better. It might. I don't know. It hurts. So it's enhanced, you know, special messages. Nonetheless, the point there is subscribe to YouTube channel if you want. Good way to support. Also, Jocquoise store. It's called Jocquoise store. Jocquoise store.com patches are in. That's been hit me up. I haven't seen beanies on there. Yeah, you know, it's a process. Well, here's the thing. I got a little apple right in time for July. So we got that going for us. Yeah, you know, I'm just a job. Hey, man, you know, better late than never. I guess with those in the meantime, it's not apply when it's summer time and you get a beany. It doesn't apply. Well, maybe I'll get the thin one. It's a straight lay do it for. No, it's nothing better about it. No doubt about it. It look you're right. And we're still going to work hard on the beanies and get them get them out. Quality. Can't rush. Great. Greatness. Quality. Dude. You know what? Nine months for me. That's not about rushing. Get it from coming through with all kinds of quality. Like mega quality. So things could have been knitted from cash. Yeah. Grown the cotton. Get it in the phone. Yeah. All right. Well, I'm going to continue to work. And you know, when they're out, they're going to be out. They're going to be fantastic. They better be. All right. There you go. Amazing. In the meantime, maybe it takes a lot to get a a soul into a baby. Yeah. Yeah. It could be. Yeah. It would be in the meantime. Do some cool shirts on there. I think they're cool. Does when he goes for you? Get after it. That's a good one. Simple. To the point back to the book. Make sure that's a new one. I think put out the titles. All of them on the back. Well, all the book titles up until the point. Yeah. So I'll see you until what podcasts. I should figure that out. That's like a layer. Yeah. Yeah. You'd be the first hundred. But you probably didn't do that. I think it was a little bit. None of those like hundreds of something. Layers been missed. That's fine. Because then we could put it on another back to the book at 200. Yeah. Like the updated list layer. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe maybe not or maybe you'll add a layer because layers are edible. Addable. Maybe you can add layers. You see them saying. Anyway, some shirts on there. Some rashguards on there. Some patches there. Like I said. Some women stuff on there. Hoodies. Also decals. You know what? Decal is? Jesse's decals. Jesse's decals. Here's the thing with decals. Where there are essentially a sticker. Right. And we all know what decals. I understand. But he uses like this stuff. Like the material for this decal is like supposed to survive the apocalypse. Like that kind decals. Okay. Good way to support Jesse. I'd play around with this. No. Not at all. And this kid is like he was like, we, you know, we go back and forth and he's like, yeah, I make decals. I was like, yeah, that's a good idea. Whatever. And then another company called I think he was called Ashland front. Something like this. They got some decals. And I was like, dang, these decals and obviously prompted me to, okay, we need our decals. They're legit. They are legit. And they're on jocosdore.com. By the way, good way to support. If you want something, get something. Also, psychological warfare. If you don't know what that is, this is what it is. It's in album with tracks of jockel helping you through. This is what the track is. It's not a music track. It's jockel on there. Every track helping you get through your moment of weakness. And we have them. I have them. Jockel has them. Even though he, you know, is reluctant to admit that from time to time. And what it does is let's say you're gonna skip the workout. I think skipping workout. This is my opinion. skipping workout and cheat not cheating on a diet. You cheat on a diet technically. Yes. Yeah. It's like your cheating. You weren't supposed to do this. You did it anyway. Yeah. You betrayed yourself. You know, because you have a future self. You seem to say like yourself of right now will make like a protocol. Right. And then your future self essentially cheats on your. Yeah. I saw some meme of Homer Simpson saying like all this guy's futures. Not looking good. He's eating like a nut or whatever. Yeah. Exactly. So yeah, technically it is. If you're cheating on your past self on the diet, don't worry about that. You start feeling that feeling coming along. You got to track for that. You just listen to it. And it's essentially like Jockel telling you why you shouldn't slip. Why you shouldn't slip down that slippery slope and whatever activity. Some good ones on there. Procrastination all it's done. Yeah. Checked out on out. Good way to support. Very effective too. That's on iTunes Apple Music. No Amazon Amazon music. Google play Apple iTunes. Whatever you can get. MP3s. That's where you can get it. Also, you can get from Amazon. You can get Jockel White T. It tastes really good. It does have 15 grams of caffeine. So that's a little micro dose. That's why I put 15 grams of caffeine inside the discipline because that was the dose that I like. It has, but it's only 15 milligrams. You don't get jittery. It also has a high level of antioxidants. That's where the Polymerina does. That's where it's Polymerina White T. And of course, in addition to those things, it is the only White T that comes the guaranteed 8,000 pound den left. So that's good. You got that going for you. Even Jordan Peterson now. He, you know, I got a text from him. And he's up to 8,000 pounds. Oh, thank you. Because he was plateaued at 7,000 pounds. He admitted on, he isn't like to admit his weakness is either, but there was. That's hard 7,000 pounds. Pretty pretty sad. Now he's the 8,000. So good for him. Yeah. All took a little Jocquiti. Also, we got some books. I got a book called Way of the Warrior Kid, the principles of being a warrior and really being a good human being and they're in there and they are simple and they're clear enough for a six year old, the seven year old and eight year old and eight year old to understand them. And it gets better because the story continues in the book way of the warrior kid to marks mission. And this book starts to hit on some other principles in life keeping your emotions under control, working hard, being frugal, saving money and also dealing with Nathan James. Nathan James, new bully, psychological bully, little bit different. Mark wants to fight him. Mark figures have been training students. I'm going to fight this guy. But instead Uncle J, Uncle J, says no, you can fight him. First you have to gather intelligence on him. You have to figure out what's going on with Nathan James. Understand why he's your enemy and see if there's another way to solve this problem besides fighting. Turns out to be very good. Also, Mark has a Gittuiturniment coming up. And guess what? He doesn't want to compete in it. He doesn't want to do his first Gittuiturniment. Why? Because he's afraid. He's afraid of losing. He's afraid of failing fear of failure. That's bad. So he's got all these problems. How does he overcome him? Well, luckily Uncle J takes in the house. Uncle J is out for the summertime. Give him a hand. Order that book is going to be available 8.24th. Same thing with all the other books. Well, the last two books that will come out. It's going to sell out. The publisher doesn't understand how many books to make. They want to hedge their bets. So they're just going to make a certain amount. So the more people order now. First of all, you'll get it when it comes out and second of all, they'll know that they need to make more. And order it from wherever. Order it from Amazon, order it from Barnes and Noble. But go into your local bookstore. This is a mission. Go to your local bookstore and tell them you want the book. Mark's mission. Way the warrior kid too. Tell them you want that. That will help spread the word. And also while you're helping out warrior kids, check out Irish Oaks Ranch.com. We can get soap made by young Aiden. Who's only 12 years old. He's got his own business. And the soap isn't just any soap. It's good. So then he actually called the Jocco soap and the Jocco soap motto that I made up. Aiden gets no credit for this. The motto is stay clean. And someone said there's a layer in that. Stay clean. Stay clean. Stay clean. So layers. No big deal. Yeah. Also don't forget about the discipline he goes freedom field manual. This is the manual for getting after it. Fauts and actions that will keep you off the slippery slope. And to keep you on the path. The path of discipline. And thereby as the title says, the path of freedom. If you want the audio version of that, it's not on audible. It's an album with tracks. Discipline goes freedom. Field manual on iTunes, Amazon, music Google play. That's where you can get it. And also extreme ownership, combat leadership, broken down into pragmatic strategies and tactics that you can apply to your business and life. Boom. Still on the Amazon bestseller list. Still on Wall Street Journal. Keeping it real. And if you want or you need to take it to the next level. Eschalon front is my leadership and management consulting company. The overwhelming factor in the success of any business or team is leadership. That's what it is. And at Eschalon front, we come to your company and train and align your leadership so that you work effectively together as a team to dominate your battlefield. It's me. It's my brother, Dave Babin, JP De Nell, Dave Burke. You can email info at Eschalonfront.com or visit the website Eschalonfront.com. And of course, the master is our leadership seminar. We're only doing to this year. Washington, D.C. May 17th and 18th and San Francisco, October 17th, the D.C. Mustard's two-thirds sold out right now. To two-thirds sold out. And it's going to sell out soon. The SF Mustard is in October and it's already a third sold out. So both of them are absolutely going to sell out. We can't expand the spaces anymore. We practice as many chairs as they're in theirs. We can't desk so we can't fit anymore people. So if you want to come get registered now at extremotorship.com, the entire Eschalon front team will be there. All of us including echo Charles. And by the way, there's no green room. We won't be backstage getting our, um, getting our, our scalps massage. No, we will be out front. We'll be kicking it with you interacting and answering questions, talking, eating, working out, hanging out, just basically getting after it with you. So come and get it at the master, get registered as quick as you can. And until we do the master, if you have questions or comments or answers or you just want to cruise with us kind of hard, then you can find us on the interwebs, on Twitter, on Instagram, and on D-Fi, Shibuki, echo, is that echo Charles and I am at Joko Willink. And thanks to you all for listening to the podcast, especially those of you in uniform who took an oath to protect this country and you stand by that oath literally around the world on the front lines and to the police and law enforcement and firefighters and paramedics and all the first responders that are always on call to help us win the chips are down. And then are ready to make that sacrifice like so many did on September 11th. Thank you for what you do and let's remember and give thanks to the people every day like Jeremy Glick who stood up along with the other members of Flight 93. They stood up and fought when the time called for it. Then let us all be prepared to do the same to stand up and fight if we need to to be prepared to face evil by staying on the path, by knowing what your principles are and sticking to them. Be vigilant pay attention pay attention to the little things, the little decisions, the decisions that pull you off the path and onto that slippery slope with bad habits that will let you down at the moment of truth. Watch out for those little decisions. Instead stay on the path, the path of discipline, the path that leads to security and strength and of course to freedom. And that's the path of getting after it. So until next time this is echo and jockel out.