And what's interesting is that, like surfing and playing guitar, like that's not easy, you know, it's not, I mean, I'm not going to, I'm not going to talk about golf, but golf is seems like, oh, hey, you just go out and play golf and show some people they get good and great, you know, and it is fun and stuff, but it's not like surfing, you know, and surfing is fun you know what the right thing to do is you know what it is you know it's be disciplined you know it's work hard you know it's put your ego and check you know these things you just got to do you just got to do I think we're close that And I don't want people to think that I sit around and brood all day about the darkness, you know, because I don't, you know, I mean, I love that a good time and laughing and, you know, smile and I want to do that, you know. I say everyone's in a while, uh, you'll hear people going, man, like this country is going like violence or whatever, you know, like going down the jitter or all this stuff. I like the idea that people are really engaged with you online and and they'll ask you questions and you'll essentially confirm like check that that's a good question kind of thing you're engaging I think that's a good thing because these are real questions it's not like questions and we just thought up no that's a great question And then, you know, other people they do have to be reminded, you know, and I think you know what, a powerful reminder because every day, and I would say every minute of every day, I'm thinking about those guys. Yeah, and doesn't that make like, you know, I don't know, a day where you're just kind of cruising to whatever and, you know, looking for a laugh or whatever, and hanging with your friends or whatever. So a person that lacks discipline, they're going to, it's pleasurable, the bars pleasurable, you know, for, you know, generally speaking, TV's pleasurable, so they're going to be all focused on that, like, I don't want to go to bed and face the work day the next day. And so as soon as I realized that, I was like bam, I immediately changed my attitude and I was like, and the next opportunity I had, you know, during a break or something, I was like, you know what? You know, and, and you get these people that are out there that sell courses on developing mental toughness and, you know, they're either going to bring you into a room and get you into some spiritual state and say, okay, listen, you've got to visualize the mind of the wolf and you are going to see it through the eyes of the wolf. And then when you do that, you don't even think about or you don't honestly tell yourself, or think about what you did or what you didn't do, you know, or what you did wrong, you know, to make that, you know, to what role you played. And just like in when you're working with, you know, subordinates and they screw something up, you know, you're, you know, that was a horrible job. But I think a lot of times I'm viewed as like, oh, this is like late riser, like early risers just to begin with kind of seem like these. Doesn't don't those days seem a lot more enjoyable when you do have the darkness in mind, you know, where even, I mean, you know, your kids, so let's, I don't know, your daughter spills the milk and laughs about it. I do my work, I get home at 5 and I, you know, I kind of goof off, watch some TV and maybe, I don't know, maybe even go out to a bar or something like that, where all the work is done, there's no work to be done really. It's like when you're watching a horror movie and, you know, they're like voluntarily, you know, oh, there's a noise down in the basement. Yeah, some more of it, and a challenge and a challenge that it shows when you are good at surfing or not good at surfing shows, you know, seemingly, I don't know, I guess that's just my opinion, but it's always interesting, like the play guitar, sure. so I would say to yet encourage that to you know for people if they're wondering about stuff because this is in my experience everything that you've even said before this and even just stuff you said to me personally what it's all like it's really useful stuff and not just in business it applied the concepts I'll play it pretty much everything in life functioning in life if you can function with these concepts that you're gonna you're gonna do good And I'd see, and I would get this feeling, I'd get this sick to my stomach feeling because, like in the back of my mind, I'm waiting for rounds to start hitting the ground and kill the sky or wound him and I would, you know, get fired up and you know, explain to him, listen, you can not, you got to move from cover to cover. You know, if you can, if you can constantly have that contrast and know it, you know, there's no doubt about that. What's interesting is too, and these are some other, like I know some guys that are surfers and musicians and artists, and I want to bring some of those guys and talk to them because they have different outlooks on things and how to get good and what kind of discipline it takes and what drives them. And I never had angry issues or nothing like that, but I'd like anyone else as young as like, I don't know, 22, 24. And you know, I think that's what this podcast, which I know is going to evolve into all kinds of different things. So, you don't win your saying, tell the truth, you know, if it's bad, you've got to tell the truth, you're not gonna say, this guy, literally it's almost like he would only want to tell you good news. Even, you say as a leader, you know, with the chain of command and all your guys that works with your kids, your friends, or just even in general, like you know at the gym. And, you know, people want to know if I knew Chris, if I worked with Chris, and the answer is yes, Chris Kyle was the lead sniper and point man in Charlie Patoon, which was Lave Babbins. Yeah, it's funny, like a lot of successful people or people who, you know, they always have all these skills. So, it could be, like he could, it's almost like he had this feeling like, even if he hated my shirt, I thought it looked whack or something like that, he would, he would still, oh, that's a, that's a cool shirt. You know, so it's kind of that, that, that, you know, without hardship, there can be no pleasure kind of contrast that kind of, it's brought out more, huh? And sometimes people ignore those things and, you know, we talked about this with Jill Rogan quite a bit, you know, we can live in a bubble here in America, whether almost is no pain and there almost is no suffering and there almost is no violence and there almost is no evil. I don't even want to say weak, just an average person, you know, when you get you're doing some push-ups, you hit about 15, you're like, all you hit 20, you're like, okay, I can't do anymore. So it's like the more you do, the more you kind of inableared some kind of just way might think they're doing the same thing, you know? And at the same time develop your physical mental toughness and improve yourself in these ways that it's essentially like, I don't want to say the chores in life, but it's like you, you, you, you want to get up and maximize the day and get the most work done possible, right? The video was eight hours long about, you know, and I just thought, well, okay, you know, again, if you want to, you can connect anything to anything if you want to.