So it's almost like there's two different types of humility, where, you know, how like someone who's really outwardly, like, um, actually, you've had this example where like, like, caught him a Gregor, for example, where, out, like, to, to hear him talk and stuff like that. So he, we did like a thing where I think it's like a Q&A or something, something like that, and he was, he was talking about that, where in elementary school, he remembers feeling like if I don't have perfect attendance and have perfect straight days, I won't pass this, not pass, but I won't like be the perfect guy or whatever, and he said that he would, um, it would like create like this track to his whole future and his life would be ruined. So like, if you have no ACL, it's like, it's like a blunt, like, it's like if you had a big accord in there, like a real tense, like a tension cord or something that didn't didn't stretch at all. Like if you're like, you know, if you're just focusing on the positive stuff, you know, you know, like you're, you know, what do you just, you know, if you don't have anything nice to say, don't say it at all. You know how people, like you've told me stories of what I'm going to, but you told me stories about someone who made huge mistakes, you know, with you, and you, like handle it, and it doesn't seem like it, like bothers you. And it wasn't like necessarily like, errr, like walking, you know, like a dick or nothing like that. So like the iceberg thing, you know, you know, the iceberg metaphor where it's like people only see the top of iceberg could be low that is like this huge iceberg. Like, if you come, you know, like, I was talking about like, why don't I go into the post office, or go into the grocery store dealing with my wife or something like that. So you're way, you know, your wife comes home, you know, pissed because I don't know whatever, you know, how you said the first reaction, what you feel like doing, which you, not you, but which one may typically do is react accordingly, according to how I feel about this, what you're saying to me, you shouldn't be saying this stuff to me. And he was a thing like Tim will post like little excerpts of like just little quotes, you know, and that's really interesting thing that he did there where he asked everyone the same question. But if I'm like, okay, this is the system, you know, Joc was going to tell me and he's going to be detailed about it and make absolutely sure we don't miss the turn, kind of think, then you're right, dang, that's a good way to navigate, you know? And then what I realized is a big, like, a way to exemplify humility is to, to, I don't know, the, the ability to learn things from someone who might not necessarily be an expert, for example, you know, like, you can learn stuff from a kid. But I would say legitimately, and I'm trying to look at it as, like, honestly, it's possible where me 10 years ago is like, like, if, let's say I know someone and new someone 10 years ago and I have seen them or heard from them or whatever in 10 years. And as far as applying it to like, like, because even in the military, it's like, that's a very specific environment, military, like, unlike most environments seemingly. They see, don't think that, you know, like you're going to help, you know, make this guy look good and they're just going to, they're going to not see it. Yeah, the, you know, how you just said, like some purple belts are great, teach to the, so the belt usually, for the most part, just indicates the, the, the vast, like the knowledge, you know. And like, yeah, you know what, you know, people say like, oh, millennials and this When you, when you kind of pointed out that humility is like a super important thing, I was like, okay, how can I, how can I, I mean, okay, I'm going to assume that's true, because you know what you're talking about. You know, that's like, that's like, you know, that's we focused on social media, but that's just about everything, right? You know like you you know when you drill something or when you're doing the technique just with your partner and stuff you're like Oh, you know, you might not be doing much now, you know, especially if they're like 40 years and like that. You know, there's no real results except for maybe the underlying system, you know, maybe like your heart rate or your, you know, those types of things. So a mashup is like you just take various clips, you know, of whatever, you know, like they're just visually. It's just like, yeah, if you, if you're going super hard and you're knee or your elbow or whatever happens to be against the mat at it, you know, it's like, it's a happenstent situation. That example that you said about playing to there, you, or whatever, where you're like, hey, you know, you know, you, you're going to look really good if you're helping. I understand this because I've been in a situation where I'm like shoot, I feel inside that I don't want to make an effort to make them look good kind of thing because it's like he doesn't deserve it and the thing. It seems like high school is really common when you know like the old classic story of the person who got bullied in high school and then go back to the vintage. You know, you know, like the Toyota high looks, you know, the Toyota high looks is. It's just like, oh, it's just like, oh, this is like way better. So it's kind of like a iceberg, you know, the old people, people, I don't know, lots over that little statement. Is, oh, when we're talking about like being repetitive, like, like, you can be the same thing. So I was like, I was looking all the young team guys like, I remember when I was like that. There's some level of selling fights with Connor, but even at the same time, like, let's say that, because there's such thing as people, probably pretty common that people are legitimately like, into themselves in that way. and it's hard for me to even really say that because like even when I say that word ego, it really like it registers as like this external. And when it becomes like habit, and really all it is, and you can do weird like met up with, which I'm kind of a fan of doing little metaphors with yourself, you know. And then the second, your second example is, it's like, hey, you know, it feels like someone did that to me either way, up or down. Because I know before I wasn't humble before, and all I thought the world like revolved around me, not necessarily like, by the bad way, but just, but you know someone like an instructor can look and see like oh look you're letting him do this or whatever you're forgetting to do this. Like, it's like, we're like, I drive. Like what I'm going to make him look good and now everyone's going to think that he looks good kind of thing. And so, you know, when someone tells you, hey, like you're, you're kind of acting this way, you're kind of this way and to be able to be to figure to yourself that this person could be right first. Like, like when I talk about detachment now, I used to, I used to not know that word when I would tell guys to do it. It's like, you know how, like, you said the mat burn. But like they're super loose, where when I blew out many in college, the doctor, when he, you know, they do the tests, they're like, okay, before they do that, they do the tests. It's like you have to be humbling up to know that you don't know everything so listen up kind of thing. I thought my head, but big LeBoski is one of those like, you know, like Napoleon, dynamite. But you get people who are legitimately cocky outwardly, you know, kind of like, but at the same time, they can learn from, they have the humility to learn from everyone kind of thing. She's like, hey, let's, they got to go do this mission, you know, for restore the heart, you know, whatever, it's long story. Like, you know, you said like the full bugging. You know, like if your boss is like a self promoter or whatever. Like, you know, okay, I don't like missing a workout. So like I said, I think people thought that sounded like an interest question, but you actually wasn't. And I think that if we go down to the core of myself improving as a leader and continuing to try and improve as a leader, it's because if you can detach and see yourself because that's the same exact thing like, I mentioned this earlier, I said, you know, I kind of saw myself and saw how other guys were seeing me. That he recommend I use for like other stuff, which is actually part of a big point that you can use a lot of this stuff for like various different sorts of exercise activities. Like you're like outside of the military, you know? Yeah, and that's a big key right there where you were like, you said, you know, the the moment you kind of maybe realized the importance of the significance of detaching, the oil rig campaign and then campaign was a training on. I'm going to be saying things, hey, our boss doesn't like our boss doesn't like leaders that complain. So I have like in my younger days where I take like, I don't know protein powder. it was kind of like if I had certain feelings, like they were just more important than what was kind of going on. And you're, I believe that there are definitely some kids like that that are just, they're just like, hey, okay, I'm supposed to get good grades, many of your grades, and I'm supposed to get a big deal on that track. I think like you know, people say, you want to go try this thing That pen that, I think the biggest one there is to, to whether they totally understand that or not, say like, what you're doing right right now is the important things in life, the things that you think are important are not important. and I have got nothing for like a, it was like maybe a week, a little, little bit more than a week. Yeah, like mental durability, maybe that, but if you do like one exercise, sure, you'll be sore and then that's kind of it. I'm not saying, you know, in every single case, but when there's something to be done, be like, I'm tired of doing this or, I don't know whatever. You were like, okay, I'm going to take, it's like your actions said that it's your fault. When I described myself like as my good quality being durable, the reason I say that is because like, there's guys that were better at me than that just about everything. Kids that are doing various things like studying, like reading the book, studying, doing jiu-jitsu, doing pull-ups, swimming, competing, just all kinds of awesome stuff. But he's like, kind of subconsciously, they'll be like, he'll, the course of knowledge says that it's kind of just assumed. And if you sit in that crazy tone or whatever, like that real fed up tone, yeah, you're still like, okay, cool, we worked it out. Where the movie's going on, and then the person, what you call them, the protagonist, like it's almost like he pauses the movie, and everyone in the movie pauses exactly. There's no humility with him whenever, but like he's learning all this stuff from like people. And I think it is because of like I said, like your ego Like right at that moment in time while you're running, it's like that radical of the change. My, my two friends that are in the German, in the UK, not to think, talking to them now, like the maturity level is just really, like really impressive maturity level, especially for both of them. And that's, and it's actually saying a lot for me, because and for you too, big time because you're, you're not like a small guy, you know, a small person. So again, I don't think it's like it sounds like a really interesting question. It feels like you're going from running a thousand miles an hour to, to like putting your face in the snow and reciting the alphabet backwards. So goes back to it, like it seems like back to this question, your enemies could take advantage early on, right? You know, like, what, as young Jockel, who do you think or not who, but what do you think would be your major struggle? You know, like in that kind of situation, but and then at the same time, the things that aren't really important, meaning they don't have an iceberg under there. I know for a fact kids that are like, no, I am going to do this, this, this, and it's going to lead me here. It really seemed like to me anyway, you were like, okay, I'll let you kind of navigate. That's the thing, like you're, you're like a durable person. So if you operate in your life, we do natural, by the way, with how you feel, you know, like I'm just going to express myself. You know, so it's going to feel like way more than it is for sure. Kind of like, okay, so it's the difference between understanding like what I'm doing now and having it tangible. It seems like we're going to like a scene. Yeah, like, as a joke, like, unfriend. It's like, it's like being able to kind of shed the blinders on self critique. Like lifting, jiu-jitsu, like hard stuff. So if you can endure like a big fail or two big fails or major fails, now you have the ability to endure major failure, you know, you're kind of thinking.