I'm not going to be like, I'm going to be like, I'm going to be like, I don't know if we can kind of do that. But nonetheless, so every time I feel anything like that, I think of like, you guys first and you guys are doing it in like crazy heat too, gear and like all this stuff. So this book was written before World War I and really this was the last big war is the wars that he went through the Napoleonic wars so he's kind of he's kind of saying you don't even know if this is like anymore you don't know what it's like. All right back to the book it was on the 15th of August when we first came up with the French and their skirmishers immediately commenced operations by raining a shower of balls upon us as we advanced which we returned without delay and I haven't said this yet but the reason they're saying balls and said around is because these guys are shooting balls with you round balls of lead and at this point there was some rifling head started to come about but what they basically just consider everything to be a ball of lead and that's why they're not accurate that's why they're only accurate out to 200 meters because they're not rifled like we have the tight rifling spinning bullets today. Well, what was interesting about that is when you said that, you had this kind of tone of like dang, like, term it like we got to take a break. They I'll say this as I always say I have to fast forward through this book I'm not reading the entire book even though the entire book is awesome in this point this point here they're embarking for Portugal we have another another campaign to go on back to the book I wish I could picture the splendid sight of the shipping in the downs at the time we embarked with about 20,000 men those were times which are so which the soldiers of our own more peaceful days have little conception of. Right, right, like, like, a little thing that is Bob, it actually bothers you in actual life. He sounds like he sounds like my, he sounds like my boy, howling's right here. Think about your little infection and your fingers, you know, your finger, you're, you've ever had one of those little stupid, like, where your fingernails get a little infection there? Nay, whatever folks may say upon the matter, I know from experience that in our army, the men like best be officer by gentleman, men whose education is rendered them more kind in manners than your course officer sprung from obscure origin and whose style is brutal and overbearing. So in content like now, we'll say that if there was a circumstance like that, where we're going to lose more guys if we bring this guy with us or one big luxury that we have now is we have air support. I would think that that would be kind of a good little escape, you know, from time to time to notice those types of things. So these guys were looked like they were going to desert and they got caught and he had a court martial on the spot and he was going to give them a hundred lashes or whatever the number was. He is ready to charge and only one guy out of the whole crew is looking like he's going to hold back and they talk about reputation here and that's definitely something that is when you get to this heel teams as you're a new guy someone tells you they'll say your reputation is everything and it's totally true and it's the same in any military organization what your reputation is because in the military you think ranks all important And so I said, hey, I got you know, we're just going to have to take, you know, no, no podcast for a few weeks. And the hoodie has like, I don't know if you know this kind of stuff. Because again, and I said, it's like if you're going for a cool protein powder, a lot of people that say, hey, what's a good protein powder? And I just said, like, hey, man, you know, you're a good dude. I'm looking at you guys something like, hey, I wonder if these guys are, you know, but no one said anything. Which I don't even know if it's an excuse, but it's a factor where these like hard actual hard times kind of call on you to exercise this kind of will. and I'm thinking, is everyone trying to act like this isn't like kind of kind of terrain? You know, like, you kind of, a lot of times you got to over communicate. So these riflemen, I would say from what I read about them, they're almost like a special ops unit and one big difference is they're wearing red jackets like the Brits were wear at this time. He regains a little bit of strength, he eventually crawls to a house, gets in the house and gets a little bit of food, gets a little bit of, I would love to say water, but he's not going to get his food and wine. Of course it's interesting to me when I hear this guy talking about the first time he saw someone that looked a little bit like a special operations troop. So as I was reading through that, at first I kind of got a little bit taken a back and said, what are you trying to say if you have a men of college or that's what you need, you need to be from this good upbringing. And I said, I said, I said, echo a text that said, actually, we're going to do it. Like, basically, everything that you guys tell me and talk about, like, how it's super hot. And I was like, okay, but didn't you know it was going to suck? You don't know if the the the the soldiers of our own more peaceful days have little conception of what it's like to embark 20,000 troops to get ready to go get some. Like it's almost like you sort of got mad. Or if you don't, you know, it's like, and that's exactly what you're going to say. but you have to have good communications in order for that to work and what you need to communicate is the broad plan and that's what they get done with a nice little bugle signal back to the book pouring a regular sharp fire upon the enemy he gulred them in return and remaining with the 29th until he brought them to the charge quickly sent the foe in the right about. If you remember the march that we talked about with Napoleon's troops going into Russia and back, these guys are under the same basic conditions of if you want to move the army, the army is going to walk. You know what I'm saying about that is while I'm walking, this was like, after lunch time. Not all of them but if they made that decision I guess as a family to stick together they would get right on board the boats and they'd march in the book they didn't want to carry the weight but they'd march alongside and go from place to place and when the battles about to take place they'd hang back and then you have the situation once the battles over that I'm talking about right now. And when I said that, that's one of your face kind of shifted, like kind of you went into your own world. Going, so like I said, he does recover though, luckily before the French get to him, he recovers enough to get out start walking again. But like, there's certain cuts of like hoodie and stuff. Going back to the book the 29th Regiment received so terrible a fire that I saw the right wing almost annihilated and the Colonel I think his name was Lennox Lace sprawling amongst the rest. I mean, so you don't put like the the concept or should I say, like the action. Like how much protein do you like not get to need supplemental protein? If you can skip on the diet, it's like sugar coated like weight. And at the same time I think it's important to remember that these heroes are not super heroes like we see today in movies. But it's something something's sugar coated like sugar coated like. So, you know, in a situation like this, that the decision that these leaders are making is, hey, guess what? Like I don't feel like it. Like if you're, you're advice on, I don't know, college that's easy when you remember about how to approach college. So you're going brief exercise, debrief, brief exit, you know, so kind of all day, really.