So it's like, you know, and any circumstances like if you take working out working out is like the easy one because like if you're in shape or you're if you're strong or if you're not weak or if you're not incapable, you know like you don't work out. Yeah, I mean, unless again, like there's maybe, maybe it's a small school, you know, there's, you know, a few people, maybe like some real old people or something like that. You know, like I don't, I feel like if I come from the place of, you know, authentic relation to this struggle, I feel like it'll, it'll, it'll pass the message in a more accurate way. and then it then some people see it or, no, no, or people will be like, Okay, here's the page or the website or whatever they'll be like, okay, this school that I'm like, looking at, I like it, but it's not on this list. And you're going to think same thing like high school, like the stuff that happened in high school, when it happens, it seems like it's a big deal. I'm like almost offended like, bro, like, do I look like I need help? So like when you're white belt and you lost your first, you know, as a white belt and you're, you know, I don't know a blue belt, pro belt, brown belt, black belt, whatever. She like, did you use the bump your head when you were little, you know, she always wants to know like am I alone in this whole, whole deal. I'm getting audited through first time, whatever, juggle, hey, you know, or, you know, you're trying to whatever is like, hey, I got audited and this way you can. I think we're all kind of the same way in that way where you're going to have one, two, maybe three things on your mind that no way I'm going to forget this, you know, kind of thing. I show her like my scars and stuff like that and she'll be like, oh, and you can tell she feels better. And these things like when you really think about that one, like we, there's this saying, I don't know. Like, so it doesn't matter which ones or whatever, but they'll be like, hey, yeah, let's do, you know, let's make this ghee. If I have a, let's say I'm going on a trip of a kind, like if I'm going on a regular trip, if I'm going to go to company that I work with and there in Atlanta and I'm going to fly out there for three days, I don't even, I don't even have to think about that. And some people are going to like you and some people aren't going to like you. If you legitimately or not have joint pain, don't think that it's going to be a miracle thing like it felt like for me. Like if you ask, like a top level black belt competitor, you know, did you win? And it's not a bunch of stuff, but, you know, you're always like, you're like, grab something. You'll always like grab something or I say, hey, you need, you know, you know, you don't have to, you talk things. Like you're, you know, but let's say like at the master, whatever. You're like, the reason you're looking at me like this is because you already know this, but not everybody knows this. or I think you just said, where my daughter always asks, you know, did people not want to be your friend or what she'd like bumper head real hard. So you gotta be careful that that's not the message that you're sending now there's some reality to that statement like, yeah, guess what life is always going to be hard and you do want to give your kids enough exposure to the hard thing so that they're not weak. I actually did notice that about you and life too, where, you know, like I'll have my camera equipment and, you know, light or whatever. You know, like, dang, I'm getting, I don't know, audit it. You know, it's like, I don't know. By the way, it's not like, oh, what we wanted to look like this and we'll just have to use some random material. You just feel like, oh, don't dang, I'm like, I think that's just better. Did you bump your head like this and get blood on your head, whatever when you're little and you're like, yeah. So, the more that you treat them with respect, the more they're going to respect you, and they're going to know that you're not, you know, too high at mighty. We didn't get to it kind of thing and then it gets kind of like the day, you know. I got to ask that question when we did the one warrior kid podcast a bunch of people asked, oh, my, I feel like people don't want to hang around with me. So it's like, man, it's like, you can't even if you are doing the right things. I mean, is that a, is that like a, is that a hard move to be like, hey, this is my school and put it out there. Even if you do have those feelings inside, but you're like, hey, I don't want to act like that. You know, you like, oh, I got that thing. Audrey's smart with that, where he's always like pushing like the good stuff. I mean, he's like, like, factually, if you look at his life, he's been top-con, top-con instructor. And then maybe, you know, um, later in life, you might be comfortable with a mess room, like getting the way of your effectiveness. Like if you got like a procrastination situation. So, maybe if you're insecure, you'd think you lose respect, but I think if you're secure and your ability to lead it, and if you know that doing some tedious stuff, is going to make you guys appreciate you, then to me, that means it's kind of worth it. Because me and a lot of people like me, we're not like that. At the end of the day, do you have something better to do, because the whole, in the big picture, it's like, how you say, like, that's a leader. They have to, you have to, you can't just like pull the pull whatever little piece you want and think you're going to be good to go. You know, like to me, I personally, I think that being passionate about something that you're into is good. I don't, I don't like even like hanging around with people. You know, days where you're like, I'm going to skip the workout. So you got to kid and they're like, hey, did you, I don't know. It's like you're treating him like it's easy to get and he's getting that those can come off as congeny. Because if you like you'd like your ghee, that's good. If you watch that video I did with them for a metamorphosis long time ago, it's like, I forget it feels like I'll fix it now. But he, he, he immediately was like, of course, I know that I'm going to do it. And so he, he, he, he, it's almost like if he thinks about that too much, it's almost like a little bit. there's a great scene in that movie where the girl is there's like crazy fight going on between her parents and the apartment, they're yelling each other in the screaming, there's slapping people, the domestic violence is going on and she comes out Maybe if someone who's strong like me, smart like me. Like at the time it seems like doing whatever. Like all this irrational or emotional or like loss of temper situation behavior. I remember you sent me a text sometimes like, it was like, what's the deal with this, this metabolic conditioning? You know, like if I say, you got to clean your room.