Yeah, so like I said the the close air support is absolutely or the close air support the artillery is absolutely what and that's been happened many on many occasions for for American soldiers, sailors, marines, overseas fighting, you know the air force, the navy pilots, the marine core fire pilots coming in and actually the guy on the ground controlling these guys is a air force pilot as well. Now talking a little bit like I said, there's a there's great information in here about the enemy and like I said, they went and interviewed and got reports from the enemy and here we go a little bit about the enemy. So there's a, you know, we talked about the detachment that he said, hey, look, I'm not going to be up in the helicopter, but right now he's saying, look, I'm not going to be in the helicopter overhead at 1500 feet, but I'm not going to be sitting in a platoon as a rifleman slugging it out with the enemy. If the air bridge failed, so the the meaning of the helicopter's ability to get there if the air bridge failed, the embattled men of first battalion seventh calf would certainly die in much the same way George Armstrong Custard's cavalry men died at Little Big Horn. You're unloading wounded men and you're getting on that aircraft that's going to go pick up more wounded men but you're going to stay. Then here's how more talking about the wounded back the book, all of the wounded, all of our wounded flown out of X-ray by Krandels Huey's ended up at Charlie Company, 15th medical battalion, first cavalry division, which was temporarily set up in tents that camp all the way. One full enemy battalion, more than 500 determined enemy soldiers, was boiling down the mountain toward Herrick's trap second platoon and maneuvering near Aldivini's pin down first platoon. Before we went after the cutoff platoon, Captain DeDal got us together and said, man, we've got an American platoon cutoff out there and we're going after them. And what happens is it seems to make sense because you cover more ground or you have better angles and it seems like a good idea like hey we'll just split up and you can take care of your guys and I'll take care of my guys but you always need to stay within a position where you can mutually support each other. Herrick charged right past Lieutenant Devny's men, swung his platoon to the right in hop pursuit of a few fleeting enemy soldiers and disappeared from sight into the bush. I ordered Alphan Bravo companies to evacuate their casualties with draw out of close contact with the enemy under covering fires and prepared a launch, a coordinated attack supported by heavy prepared to where artillery fire to reach the cutoff platoon. And they converted the unneeded anti-tank platoon to the machine gun platoon for for duty in Vietnam because there was no enemy tanks going up against. So, man, you know, I talk about all the time about having the high ground, well, these guys are landing in a valley, and they're surrounded by high ground. Rescordla moved his men back 50 yards, which not only shortened the sector but meant the enemy would now have to leave the trees and cross 40 yards of mostly open area to reach Bravo Company Foxholes. I mean, there's all the company commanders, the platoon commanders, the platoon leaders, the platoon sergeants, there's the ground troops, there's all these characters. The left squad had taken a number of casualties and had pulled back out of the creek bed, refusing their left enemy, their left flank to the enemy. No matter how bad things got for Americans fighting for their lives on the x-ray perimeter we could look out to the scrub brush in every direction into that seething inferno of exploding artillery shells 2.75 inch rockets, napalm canisters 250 in 500 pound bombs and 20 millimeter cannon fire and thank God and our lucky stars that we didn't have to walk through that to get to work. Back to the book and the small cops, the other two platoon, platoons of Bravo Company men had open sea rash and cans, and we're grabbing a bite when they heard the first shots in the brush. And by the way, going back to the book as this fifth left lift of the day roared out at treetop level, the landing zone was suddenly turned red hot. Whispered orders to his squad, telling men on either side of him to hold their fire not to shoot until the enemy stepped out into that open space right in front. They also had another combat support company Delta Company, which had a recon platoon, a mortar platoon and an anti-tank platoon. Each time sending about 50 men against the Americans in each time being beaten back by artillery and rifle fire. So the first rush by at least 300 North Vietnamese was beaten off in less than 10 minutes by small arms machine gun and artillery fire from the alert and well prepared Bravo Company second battalion troops. They're prepping the landing zone by dropping a bunch of 105 ha, into the surrounding area around the landing zone, and then the helicopters, once it's too close, and the, and the hawitzers have to turn off, then the helicopter starts shooting, and they do their best to clear the area around the landing zone. The platoon later heard still another large enemy force moving down the northern trail toward X-ray and again brought artillery fire down on them. During those 14 months before we sailed for Vietnam, we spent most of the time in the field practicing assault landings from helicopters and the incredibly complex coordination of artillery, tactical air support and aerial rocket artillery with the all-important flow of helicopters into an out-of-the-battle zone. At the stated time, our perimeter erupted in ear splitting up roar and immediately a force of 30 to 50 north Vietnamese rose from a cover 150 yards forward of Joe's, Saudini's alpha company, second battalion lines and began shooting back. I told Deeric to assemble his men in a company's 30 yards north west of the command post of act as a batalion reserve for the time being. And it doesn't take long to begin going back to the book says sergeant Gil Reeth, we were virtually pinned to the ground and taken casualties. Going back to the book during the during those first 14 months and now he's going to talk about their work up a little bit. So these guys you know in their workup they knew that they were going to fight but they didn't know it wasn't the Vietnam that we think of now where there's a lot of casualties happening. We're going with our standard operating procedures, which is hey, we're going to move a company here, you're going to set up perimeter security and go. Lieutenant Haric ran from Trooper to Trooper trying to get a defense organized and enemy volley cut across Haric, his radio operator specialist, John R. Stewart and the artillery recon sergeant, sergeant, John T. Brown wounding all three. It's a book about the tragedy that the French troops went through fighting the Vietnamese and he says that he took one lesson away from that book and this is the lesson. The guy that's in charge over how over how Moore is a guy named Colonel Brown and he shows up going back to the book not long after Colonel Brown flew in check on the situation with Alpha Company then called me aside. Back to the book at 7.45 a.m. the enemy struck at the left flank of Tonyan Doll's Alpha Company at the critical elbow where Alpha and Charlie companies were tied in. Back to the book, Captain Nadal out of radio contact with Tafft platoon moved toward the furious firing on his left flank to find out what was happening. Going back to the book, the sergeant major was a noble shit guy who believed, as I did, in tough training, tough discipline, and tough physical conditioning. To this day, there are veterans of the battalion who are convinced that God may look like sergeant major basal plumbly, but he isn't nearly as tough as the sergeant major on sins, small or large. Back to the book, the officers of my new battalion were the usual great army mix of men who had come from their jobs. The third platoon was heavily engaged in the volume of firing reached a crescendo on my left at this time I lost contact with Tafft platoon. And he felt like they needed to do drills, like they needed to prepare and that, like, what happened if the towers came under attack and they ran a bunch of drills. Our sister Battalion, the second Battalion, seventh Cavalism formed that one of its companies Bravo was being detached and sent to landing X-ray, landing zone X-ray to reinforce. More about the helicopters back to the book, one of the ships brought in Larry Litton, who immediately took over command of Delta Company from the wounded sergeant Gonzalez. Now like I said this book is written not only by Lieutenant General Howmore, it's how he retired in this book. From the time we got the order to move to the time where men were dying was only five minutes. So he was aware and like General Mattis said, you know, not too long ago they were talking about General Mattis and how coming read so many books and he says because I get to see I get to learn and this is a classic case. And I think that these men, all these men, have our absolute gratitude for fighting for freedom for fighting for each other for fighting for us. Each rifle platoon in turn had three rifle squads, plus a weapon squad of two M60 machine guns for fire support. And it's also interesting in worth noting that he has a headquarters company, so you got the battalion commander and he's got a group of guys that do weapons for him and also communications. What they're back on was where they came from, and I just don't, we can't do that right now, but that's why you buy the book and you read the book. The M60 machine guns were said on principle directions of fire from which they could switch to final protective grazing fire interlocking with each other and with the machine guns on our flanks. Now, John Herron was up on my radio reporting that his men were under heavy attack by at least two enemy companies. Just before dark, sergeant made it your plumbly and I broke away from the command post and set out to check the perimeter talking with the troopers and getting for a feel for the situation on the ground. They were very determined to wipe us out but a major difference between lieutenant colon when who on of the people's army of Vietnam and lieutenant Colonel Howmore of the first cavalry division was that I had major fire support and he didn't air force captain Bruce Wallace and his fellow A1E Skyrader pilots as well as the jet fighter bombers from all three services help provide that edge. He says Wallace the importance of airplanes and a vulgar brawl is to be down among the palm trees with the troops putting ordinance on the ground at the exact time in the precise place that the ground command needs it. Then standing up under fire with a 45 pistol in each hand, Paris fired clip after clip into the enemy who were 20 yards out and he stopped their attack.