And it was a kind of like a reality show, kind of like a competition show, but it was, I think, army, like, you know, you grab regular people, put them in army scenario, you give them like missions, and it's like... Because they have a major, they have a best range, or every year they have a best range of competition, which is a really hardcore competition. Well, it's, you know what, it's a lot like the FTX, a lot like that, but it's a whole, like, you know, you're there for like a month or whatever. No, no, because the work life, no, because there is no templated time, a lot of, you know, that you need to spend with these people, those people are work versus the fact, there's no like thing, you know, sometimes if you're like, hey, I need to spend more time with my wife. You know, even like in your house, like that's the one I think of a lot where you know when you're in your house and if you think of like what if there's someone in here. And of course, same thing with like a tax situation where it's like, you're, if you don't want to do it, it's kind of hard to be like, I know you don't want to do it. But the other way is just like, you said, if you get some people who are in there in the military, with certain like jobs or whatever, and they don't want to be there, it's kind of too important to have people like that. But if you think about what's going on, the train, like people, people, you know, I say all the time, like all the Seal training is not that hard. Yeah, and really at a real rudimentary level, that's what an idea is, you know, it's like, you want to make it look like a trash cannon or a regular something you have to address or something like that. You know, like, like Sunsu, he's talking about, you know, a certain time period, a certain place in the city of Vietnam, one and then a world where and they're still they're talking about, okay, these principles at this time. Like, okay, you're going to drop down and give me 50, like that literally, I never saw that happen a single, it might happen with new guys sometimes, like, you're a new guy that you're not getting through. It is like, you do have that feeling like I did my part, even though it's soft, even though it hurt, even though, you know, a way rather spent it on a Disney vacation or something like that. So and then if you kind of look at the big picture of that, it's kind of like you have then then you kind of in a way should know slang and stuff like that. But if you eat a little bit or like, just, you know, just like, I'm going to stand now all this time. So he's saying they're like, when a general feels like, they talk about a bad general, when a general feels like they've done everything as soon as they've given their order. You think you're going to have the primary effect is, oh, if we do this, no one's going to, if we're going to kill you, if you get caught pillaging, no one's going to, no one's going to pillage anymore. Like that's why you marched to Kate and so, remember, it's like, so that catapillar effects, especially the like shots down the con, actually that's why there's traffic, by the way. And you'd be kind of like, you know, be like, man, that wasn't good. And you kind of see that in like a workout, for example, like if you have a football we don't have like conditioning. But if you eat, it's kind of like, your body goes into this like kind of rest most, you know. And it will say first used in, you know, somebody's going to write an article in online or, and it's going to, the guy's going to misuse it, but everyone's going to understand it. It seems obvious seems effective to me, but what if there's something like that, you know, like something from back in the day, some old school, fundamental principle that that's kind of why you do it. And that's what allows the language just like, just like, jiu-jitsu, just like mixed martial arts. It feels like it, like, just like, you're... And I used to coach Dean with the same idea of, you know, if you was going against a good wrestler, I'd say use your Jiu Jitsu if he's going against a good Jiu Jitsu guy to use your wrestling. But aint was actually used by like high upper class people, broken the day, like long time ago. I woke a bit like 350 and I was kind of, I was like, yeah, that felt good. Then you will feel like, so when I get done working out, maybe like, let's say, you know, I always say, I usually have some nuts around. So you get to kind of see, see the war, what the war was like, what the human heart was was going on with the human heart and then what was going on with the minds of the stratitation. But man, you know, in a war battle or in a competition scenario, it's like, you know, can you a big day? Yeah, when you do it like death is kind of the goal and the consequences at the same time like death. Oh, yeah, it affects, it definitely affects your psychological, like you throw the, you think you're going to get this person to try and go, you put it on there, and then almost on boom, you realize, it's not just that you missed the triangle, it's a realized that you got played. That's an interesting one because I think, I think, like with kids, if you make burpees uponishment, they don't like it. And I was like, you know how you get real like weary. It's like expecting perfection, you know, like if you expect perfection. If I'm doing something like, you know, when we go to the mustard or something like that, I'll correct. So maybe the 80s, everyone's in order to say said, said like, more all, echo was like, you got to stop doing this Yeah, it's essentially a good, like, draft, Dodger kind of situation, but within, you know, who didn't actually dodge it. Just by happenstents, sure she was getting punished, sure she was learning to, you know, follow directions more meticulously and all the stuff that you learn from, you know, the whole, you know, orders versus punishment situation. Wait, I'll hold a new thing like this is like, I can't put it in this thing. That's saying like, hey, you don't want it like I, what was it? You say like, like, when Charlie Plum was talking about being in the honeyway, helping them, he's just thinking of, they were just literally sitting around thinking about food all the time. We're going to dig all, we're going to put, you know, set it up for a perimeter, then we're going to move to another situation. I mean, I'm certain people don't like that image, but, yeah, you know, be nice when you come here. You know, like, we spent the weekend again, calm down, you know, go to work or whatever. I've been having some, you know, a couple handfuls of mix nuts and then having some discipline and I feel so like super good that then I'm just firing through the day. And there's like let, like let little lessons. I just don't want to I want to let make the person think that we're going to attack him on the whole the whole line that he's got this will make the enemy fearful everywhere so that he will not withdraw troops from any point to reinforce that which you intend to attack even after he discovers it. It was, it was one of those pictures that was so good that they put it, like on the cover, I think, I don't know if it was that one or for happened later in the match. And then after while he keeps doing stuff like that, you're like, I don't even really want to do anything to him. And I'll tell you something else, you don't want them to execute that way because if they got hundreds of people pillaging and you now end up murdering hundreds of own your own people, you're affecting your own army, you're going to get deserves. So it's like, and every once in a while, you get rolling with him like kind of hard. You know, because even if you're like, if someone's letting you mount, you know, they're letting you mount. So it's kind of like when you compare it like the proverbial person with all the potential versus someone with not that much potential.