I mean, you know, I, I was the only tactical guy in there, you know, and yeah, and it was, you know, they, they, when it came to the tactics, when it came to making sure that the weapons were ready, when it came to making sure that the vehicles were ready, that, that, that the, you know, that the, the, the, the jammers were working, that, you know, what, if anything that mattered in the patrol, it was on me. I mean, no, I mean, the facts of the facts are like here's, here's, I get so frustrated with people who want to like, like, I'm a factual guy, like, you know, I mean, I, I'm, everything to me is black and white. You know, sometimes I hear, I hear people, you know, people that don't understand at all what was going on in Iraq or Afghanistan, they'll, you know, we were, you know, America was occupiers and oxygen. It was kind of interesting, you know, because I was kind of the high-strung one on the team, you know, like I was like the one that always was, you know, we need to be ready to fight. It kind of like, you know, you know, kind of like how you know you're a diet that works for you. And, uh, you have to, uh, you have to move up and, um, you got to get within, uh, you know, a certain distance and whatever they tell you and then you got, you know, you have to veg up and whatever you take shot, you can do whatever you, you know, just, you take a shot with a blank, okay. But, yeah, I mean, you know, you don't, it just goes against, you know, and I think the one thing, you know, that it's so hard for us to wrap around is, how many times are you training? Oh, you know, because I mean, honestly, I know what sounds dumb, but I mean, by that time we're five years past it, and people had already got used to it, right? But, you know, what, what I feel like, you know, my life, I talk about my story and kind of what happened to me and then I come around and I, what does that mean to me, right? You know, you just look, you know, because it was a JV game and he's like, you know, don't come out next half. And, you know, most time, I mean, most time, look, I mean, look, I, you know, the people there want it to be better. So you know, for you, you know you're going, and you know you're going to go to combat. Um, but, um, you know, I think that, you know, you always got to hit that rock bottom, you know, I think that, and that was for me. I was learning every, I was going over to the BAS and learning, you know, all the medical stuff that I could, and I was, you know, I mean, everything I could do, like if I could get just a little nugget in knowledge and better myself and every aspect, I was doing it. And, you know, uh, I just, I just want people out there to know that, you know, I'm no different than anybody else. Yeah, I mean, just like, you know, you know, you start off, you got 1,000 meter lane. But you know, what I look at it is to understand how much it truly, you know, as the war fighter, you know, I think we take for granted so many times of what it really takes for us to be able to do our job effectively. Yeah, I mean, and he did that like, you know, they were so his commander, he was having problems with his commander and the guy who was leading those birds, you know, because they fly in two birds. You know, I ended up taking like I had the worst, like I got like the newest guys. You get the metal, oh my gosh, thank you, let's go party or so I don't know something, you know, like it's just, it's like, dang, but I did. But, you know, to those of you that didn't have the opportunity to serve for whatever reason, you know, if I could relate something to you, it's like, yeah, these, these people, these lieutenants, these sergeants, these staff sergeants, and their people, man. Yeah, I mean, you know, usually, but at this point, you know, the only show of force ever works is, I mean, they had so much momentum at this time. I mean, you know, I mean, they just, they instilled so much in me of what's right, what mattered, you know. I mean, that, you know, but that, if you remember what I said a little bit earlier about, you know, hey, we're not going to do the fighting. And you know, you know, we would get hit by indirect fire, you know, some. And then, you know, our early seal snipers, you know, and I don't know the full, I'll bring a sniper on here someday that knows the whole history of the seal sniper program. You know, I had to get the guy, you know, actually, you know, as names on my chest. So if you talk, like, you know, and the big thing I brought up was was, you know, what happens if you're calling it a MetaVac and you're calling in a call for fire? You know I don't know if it talks about it in the book, you know. And you know, you look at them, you know, well, you know, she's just a woman with a bowl, running. Like, it's not, you know, they just, they just know how to talk to their own, right? Like, you know, you know, you're either, you either gonna be a Marine or you're not gonna be a Marine, right? I mean, you take, you know, I mean, it takes, you know, 85% of the organization just to support that 15%. And who knows what those moments were like, you know, but there's moments of, there's, there's heroism there that we're never going to know about. You know, and that's why I get so upset about like, you know, the counselors or whatever, right? So if I know what it is, like if I know what it is that you want done and my job is to get it done and you give me parameters to do it within, I'll stay within those parameters and I'll get the job done. Like some girl that like like a girl would be like, oh, I'm going to Wait. I'm sitting back to, you know, back the trucks and they're going, you know, they're going into the valley. You know, you don't know where you're going to be at, but one day you're going to be tested. And I don't know how many times I got into arguments with people in the team of, you know, hey, this is how we need to do it. But, you know, even though it's a bullet magnet, I mean, just like right there, I think that kind of paints the picture. And that's, and I mean, look, I mean, it's, I always say the equivalent to try to make people understand like how, how I feel about it and the situation is, it would be like, you inside of a house and your family's there. I mean you just, I mean it's just like, I mean I just felt like everybody was dying. I mean, you know, my dad is a man who doesn't, you know, he doesn't care the social status. I like, like, I pick up the phone and are like, man, I'm like, no. And, uh, you know, I felt like I felt like people in America just needed something to hold on to. I mean, you know, that right there, I mean, that right there's everything. And they said, you know, we're not, you know, they, so many times the leadership got on me. You know, we're going to watch my little brother play, you know, all that. You know, because we, we were 21-man team, but we were broken to four-man elements and spread out, you know, in this area. Yeah, I mean, like they're going to just, they blow their load like right in the beginning and then they don't have enough. No, I mean, I mean, 100% I mean, dock late was rendering aid, you know, what stopped them was because Fossail was with them. We did everything from, you know, teach them weapons tactics and, you know, shoot and shoot and I did the change over for the NATO weapons, right? And honestly, man, I mean, I'm sure you saw me like sometimes, you know, I'm getting, I get emotional and I read your story. I did, they got me, they got me, I mean, they tell you something, they got me, you know. And like, like, 10 or 20 meters and then you take a second shot and if they see anything, you know, you, you fail to. You know, you still need to, you know, customs and courtesy, right? And then when you know your job and you know what's right, you, you do that. You know, I don't know how many arguments I got into with some of the, the leadership and teams. But when I'd be watching, I'd be like holding security and watching Patrogo and you'd see, you know, I'd see you guys moving with that little crouch because everyone's expecting that the shooting's going to start. Yeah, I mean, you know, when it's put out in an email, it's kind of like it's as dangerous as you interpreting me a text. So an embedded training team is where they take different ranks in different skill sets, Marines, and they put them, or you know, whatever, you know, military unit. I wanted to fight, but I didn't really, I don't think it ever really hit me until I got into boot camp, you know, and then I really started understanding what, and when you were going boot through boot camp, at that time, basically every drone structure must have been coming back from the battlefield. And I think that's what they're so good at is, is that they know how, they know what would have fired them up. You know, you got to take, I mean these, these afghan soldiers, I mean they're my buddies. You know, I mean, you got, I mean, the communication piece of the mission planning. And what I had to do was I had to say, you know, okay, if, you know, if the things that I seen were so bad, I've seen what freedom cost first hand. And it's about like, you know how like when you're at work. And it was like, you know, it was like God showed me, just how smart it was. And I'd like after, I don't know how many podcasts, but like seven or eight podcasts. No, you could, I mean, you know, like during boot camp, it was the hardest thing I'd ever been through. And you know, you know how many people it keeps from quitting? You know, I didn't come from money, didn't come from anything nice, you know. You know, literally, I mean, they were literally women running through the village with like these bowls. You know, as I was reading about when, when you got back to your team, you could see, I mean, just from the way the guys were laid out. And, you know, what you don't, what we don't see, you know, people who haven't served. That just make what I do, I mean, you know, it makes me look like I've done nothing. We know where the ones that know how to call for fire. I mean, we were told like, I mean, we, I mean, yeah, there was no doubt. And you're probably pretty accurate, but a guy like half-hez, you're going to know. I mean, that's, you know, I hear stories like that. I mean, it's not like, you know, I had to change. But I could have walked on somewhere, you know, probably played outside linebacker or, you know, a strong safety. You know, I honestly, and you know, I joined, I wanted to go infantry. And echo's like, man, he's like, I just keep the, he's like, I'm sitting there thinking of myself. You know, like you can look in the mirror, how you feel after you eat it, right? The reason that the Marine Corps put the teams together like this is because, well, that they're trying to develop the whole Afghan army, every aspect of it, not just the tactical side, but they want like the administration so that the people can start getting paid on time and the organization. You know, and, and, and, and I just, you know, I, I'm not okay with letting their sacrifice to be wasted. And like that was, it was, I mean, I was not, I mean, I came back from home and got put in charge of training. You know, my dad, you know, he always instilled in me. I mean, there's so much, I mean, you literally, you literally are the, you know, the commanders, the tying commanders, trigger fair. And you know, I have to give, you know, so much credit to my father and my grandfather. And you know, and that it's normal and it's just, you know, and this is why it's doing it. I'm like, I just, you know, I just want to honestly, I just want to change the world. It's like inches, millimeters, you know, what, what, sure you could say you got missed by around by a foot, a couple inches. So we were, you know, teaching them on that, quall and them all, and that, you know, everything from everything. Now, if we know for a fact, people are getting overrun, then you're like, okay, we'll risk fratur side. I'll let you know that we're like three hours plus right now. And then, you know, I could make decisions based of how I could, when you look at the root of that problem, was it that feeling of like, hey, the promise that you made was I'll get you guys out. And it was like, I mean, like you said, it's not a sudden change in direction, but you, but you knew. I mean, so on the selfish, you know, when I, what I just said was on the selfish side of it, right, that, that, that, that is for me. So, with that, I'm going to take it to the book right now, because, you know, I think I was never in the Marine Corps. Nonetheless, it's, yeah, very, very, like, if you, you're like, you'll be like, oh, there. It didn't work that way in Iraq and, and one of the things that I pointed out many times was, you know, what kind of, you, you're, you want to develop a relationship with, with a group, right? Like, and a lot of people, you know, look down on it. But when Amazon names their thing echo, it's like, you know, you guys could see. I mean, I'd done everything I needed to do to go and, you know, my senior year and I just ended up going to the Marine Corps route. You know, I mean that if we do our job and we do it right, and you still lose, it doesn't make sense. Instead of like, hey, you know what it's okay to actually get after it and try and be smarter and try and be stronger. You know, I have to look to like a full review of the artillery or this specific directive but normally the self defense thing trumps everything. You know how some people would just take over, like he took over and tried to make up for his lack of nothing against him. Yeah, no, I was, and what prepared me was my training that I'd deal with my team, my sniper team, and look, I had, you know, people thought I was crazy. Like when you talk about your buddy who was kind of like puffed a chest up right, that was me. But the Marine Corps sniper program, now everyone's going to think that's a civilian's going to think like, oh, you're sitting on a gun shooting. And I was like, told him this afternoon, I'm like, hey, man, it's going to be heavy one. You know you talk about training like to the worst case scenario. You know, those days where you kind of don't feel like it. I made a deal with myself, you know, I had set their, and, uh, I had said, if I'm going to keep living this life this way, rack, rack it back and get over with.