That's like a like kind of like you're talking about how If you go by how you feel every day like I feel like doing this or feeling whatever you're feeling where just like are you saying or are you you are in the habit of looking at it a certain way like what's important to me. So, and then if you go to lower intensity stuff, then it goes more into the like, like, you ever seen like a marathon runner or, you know, some real long, like, I don't know an obstacle course or the guy's like mentally, you can tell he's, he's not going to quit. But I mean, I just owe her a huge, and then also my mom, the same thing, you know, just being willing to withstand a month in an RV with four people, you know, and probably putting up with me being grumpy, whatever, and you know, and pain and stuff, and I couldn't have imagined having, you know, two people along with me that that would have made it better, or that I would have trusted as much, and then also my buddy that drove, and then just all the people that kept me going that ran with me, and, you know, deemed me worthy of their time, and the people that sent me messages of encouragement that couldn't make it out. And I think the same thing that you talked about earlier with like movies, I think that part of my prejudice against psychologists came from the way that they're portrayed in movies as being like, you know, sitting on this couch and like these weird people that, you know, and it's not, it's more pragmatic than that. That's good how you have a, like, a way, like, almost like a, I don't know, say scaffolding, but like a way to look at it. You know, you made it sound like it's like it was easy, that's the way it kind of came across in the podcast and what I wanted to do today was kind of at least go back and talk a little with a little bit more detail about that process of going because it's a long process, right? And just like jiu-jitsu or just like athletic training or just like Olympic lifting, it's going to vary for different people and a good psychological coach is going to have a know how to make those adjustments. And I was just kind of, you know, after this failed attempt to make the parallel Olympics, because it's kind of thinking about what my next mission could be, and I wanted to do another thing like my bike ride, and I had heard about other people doing this kind of thing where they do, you know, 50 marathons and 50 days and 50 states or 50 iron man, and 50 days and 50 states. And I never really understood that until I started listening to him because when they'd send us to the psychologist to debrief a deployment, you know, for me it was just sort of, you know, I had the negative attitude of all this, I'm not going to tell this guy anything because I don't want them to think I'm crazy and I don't want to get, you know, put on whatever, you know, thing. I was like, oh man, I'm going to be able to really enjoy these last four, you know, and then you know, the universe is like, nope, you're going to have to earn it. I couldn't articulate it at the time like this, but it's like, that whether or not, you know, I deserved, I, you know, I, you know, I, I could acknowledge, I didn't deserve it. So, and then, you know, at the same time, you know, if you're working on what people like to, if you want to lose weight, you know, do you, would you rather have a milkshake, my mint chocolate milkshake, or would you rather, or a cookie dough milkshake? But his legs are like shivering and shaking and he, it's like he's almost like, he's going to pass out or something like that. I feel like, like, everyone's at all when I do something that takes a long time, like months or something like that, I get to a point. Were you like, okay, I just did, you know, yesterday I did eight pull ups and today I'm going to do 10 and the next day I'm going to, did you get, did you get yourself right back in like the old school workout mode for? When you're doing like a one-rette max, like you were when you test for that, you see it all the time where, you know, the guy, let's say, I don't know, he does 355, right? But the thing with that is the interviews, you know, I didn't, I wasn't doing this to like to get a bunch of, you know, people tell me I'm awesome, you know, anything. You know like New Year's resolution, whatever, you know like it's real common thing. And you know what, I was danger close to this with Jiu Jitsu because for a while, I was like, I had come home at night and my wife would be like, you know, this is I was still in the teams. And that last 12 weeks, probably 60, like my, you know how they say a deadlift starts at 135 pounds, you know, like my runs would start at two hours. And then after five, I was like, you know what, I'm going to, I'm not going to do any more than five because if I do more than five, I'm just going to want to keep going. But in like a higher intensity stuff, it seems like, you know, it given what I know, but the goal G10 in Oregon situation. It'd be kind of like, uh, I'd almost kind of like if you're, if you're talking to a girl in a bar and you like your voice cracked, you just totally blow it And it helps to pick stuff along the way that you know is going to, to be there that kind of, you know, all right, I'm not, I'm going for that far away thing. I'd be like, given in the one word, you know, like, oh, you know, but what's your favorite place or whatever? I think, you, I, like, probably do that, you know, and then eventually, I'll get to a point where like, all right, I'm going to do it. And I said, you know, what if, you know, what if something happens and you're like, no, I'm going to, I'm going to finish it. You know how like just like how you're saying in the beginning, you know when you first decide to do something. Did you, I know, um, one, one thing that I remember and, you know, one of my guys Ryan Jobe, he got, he got shot in the face and he got gravely wounded and, you know, he ended up blind. Yeah, and I'll tell you, I've, I've in talking to Jordan Peterson, the couple times we've had him out here, into listening to him, in reading his book, it's become very obvious to me and it's sort of reflective of something that Dakota Meyer said on the podcast, which is like, hey, your brain, your mentality, your psychology is a system and just like, just like you have a system to move through and you have a physical injury to get healed or get corrected. And so then during that time, when you, when you were still had like stitches, but, and I know we talked about this a little bit, but you add like the triangle thing hanging above you. So, you know, the guys and that's actually fairly common in my in my from what I've seen and actually talking a lot of guys that that went through Vietnam and they'd come home from Vietnam and they were a little messed up when they got home, you know, and they got through it, got over it, and got it out of their system and moved on. Yeah, or telling people that you want to have the respect of like if I told my wife Pam, like I, I'm going to do this and she, she knows I'm a person that she respects me for living up to what I say I'm going to do. You know, every guy that gets out of the military, you know, most of the time, you know, when your contract's going to end, so you can start thinking about it earlier. I, you know, I set it up and if there was any question she had about overall, you know, vision for what I was trying to accomplish, she would ask me, but like when we had a couple hiccups along the way, and I just totally 100% trusted her that she'd be able to take care of it, and she did every single time. All right, dry talking about with their vests, didn't work, all right, I try, you know, hyperbolic chambers or whatever, try this, try that, try that, and because just because you tried one thing and it didn't work out doesn't mean that you don't want to, that doesn't mean that you now are fine with, you know, nightmares and stuff you just got to keep trying everything until everything is exhausted. I was like, I blew belt and I was going to get this wrestler, uh, you know, like a really good college wrestler. But yeah, I, like I said, I was saying before there was never a point where I was like, there's no way I can do this or anything like that. So in the beginning, you know, the physical therapist would come in and they just basically just have me move my stumps around and that would be like, you know, lift your right stump 10 times, lift your left one, move it out and back and then that would be it for the day. I'm like, hey, man, like, what if, you know, what if you're not going to make it? You know, it's, it's funny too, because I think about like when you think about kids that you grew up with and like high school, they get done with high school. Yeah, and you know, also luckily for me, it wasn't like it was, it's not like I was in Afghanistan one day and then separated the next day. Don't go like, am I going to do the thing that's going to make, make me better in the long run or the thing that's going to make me worse in the long run? They don't like kind of, you know, we break it down like how you do. That's got to be like learning how to, like, skier something, learning how to do a balanced type sport, surf or something like that. And I mean, I know I've listened to some of your stuff and reading some of your stuff, you know, you talk about the fact that you knew you had to just move to like an acceptance phase immediately. Like sometimes I've hurt my, like, let's say hurt my ankle or hurt my, even something as stupid as hurt, like had a big cut on my on the bottom of my foot. You know, he graduated college with like, with like a straight A grade point average, he got married. You know, so most people, they just go on how they feel, you know, I really don't feel like doing this. You've been like, I'm sure when you're in boot camp or going through buds, like, how many push-ups are you going to do? I was thinking about you, I was thinking about, you know, I was thinking about Jodi, thinking about Travis, thinking about you guys that were wounded bad and and I've heard that before in another is another book I read about World War One, where guys they wake up, they think they're in heaven because they see white sheets and they see you know, there's a nurse there that's talking to icy to him and they think they're dead, they think they're in heaven. And it was just the densest, you know, the calorie dense stuff you could probably like, you know, can to whole containers and cream and cheese and all this stuff. and that's where we go through what Robo went through, how is raised, you know, growing up, joined the Marine Corps, deployment to Iraq, deployment to Afghanistan and that's where Robo's wounded, hit an ID and ended up losing both legs above the knee, but like I said, that didn't stop Rob and he went from that and in the podcast, we jumped really quickly through sort of your healing process and we jumped right into the fact that you were went out did the the Paralympics as a roar and we jumped into the fact that you rode a bicycle across America, which is yeah across America during the polar vortex, by the way, So, and I don't mean to, like if somebody comes up and says, I can't do something, I'm not going to say, I know what they're really saying, I'm not going to judge them. And, you know, I had that conversation with Sam Harris, where, you know, he'd asked me, he said, hey, you know, you, you get told, I hear you saying that war is horrible and war is held. Yeah, like you, you could run a mile or you could run a marathon or whatever, but if you're, if you're, if you have a blister on your toe, you know, then that's going to stop you. And then, but if you're like this thing, this thing, this thing, this thing, it's like, okay, this world is opening up. And then did you, because it's good to do things and you brought this up before, if you're not used to something, even though it's like, we talked about squats, like, going all the way down, which is what I'm used to. It's like it's almost like you think it's going to be there the whole time. Like, I figured out how to, it's slowly got to kind of three figured out how to move my body around and move my legs around to get comfortable and where you getting like the fan of pains. And so it's kind of basically like a kind of like a rash guard on my thigh and it wouldn't go down to the end of the stump. So, you know, I decided I wanted to do marathons, and I kind of put my own little spin on it, and I said, well, you know what, I want to get this story in front of as many eyeballs as I can. You know, every time I landed on my right foot, it was like kind of shot a bad pain into my, into my middle back. I mean, not even necessarily that you were tired physically or nothing, just kind of like, you know, this is kind of interesting. And the, you know, whether or not I do that third, fourth set of balanced drills or, you know, strengthening exercises, you know, that had an effect on that goal. I don't know what those things are because I don't know, not a psychologist, but they do know. And then it really solidified it when I heard Dakota talking about it saying, look, this is a, I put the two and two together when I heard Dakota talking about it, like, there's people just like if you wanted to get good at Olympic lifting, you'd go to an Olympic, if you tried to figure that out on your own, it would take you forever and you might get hurt, you might get hurt worse. Or last the yesterday I walked one time around the little track, I'm going to go twice, you know, just slowly build it up and, you know, keep that same. I'm going to push on and, and like you said, this isn't going to, this isn't going to stop me from having a great life and, and getting after it, basically. Because when the goal is too far away, you're like, you know, one is not going to really make a difference if I skip this thing today. You got to understand why, you know, like you said, you got to understand why it is you want to achieve it. You know, you know, the bloodtasing your mouth, you know? But, you know, once you start doing those exercises like every time I came in, I wanted to go at one more or two more or a little bit longer. And I think that the way you break it down is you're looking even when you're suffering from a challenge right now, you're, you know, I don't feel like doing another balance to your drill because my back is sore or whatever. It like it was, you know, that slow thing that you see kind of in movies where I took maybe 10 steps. I was like, as long as I don't get severely injured by a mistake, don't get hit by a car or, you know, break a bone or something, then I'm going to be able to do this. and I realized that you know, maybe it's just your attitude that might have made me kind of do this in the conversation, your attitude is like, yeah, The next day I was like, you know, I'm going to try three minutes today. But, you know, while I was taking that time to do that, I was thinking about, you know, what I'm going to do after I get out. And I was like, every time I landed on that right foot of me, severe pain, and then I kind of make me kind of gasped a little bit. I was like, one of my first thoughts was like, my mom's going to be pretty upset about this. You know what it's like when your your daughter's going to come on dad, push harder.