And at the same time, if you're seeing stuff like, hey, if this is was MMA, you'd be pounding me or something like that, that there could be a little element of your own training kind of like you're just watching your end thoughts like, okay, I kept that in mind where, you know, I would have got hit there and you're just kind of voicing it, maybe free the benefit of yourself. And I talked about it on the podcast and, and if, here's the question, like I'm going to be transparent with you, like, like, hey, echo your videos, you know, they're not good right now, like your videos aren't good. Yeah, because when you start to get to you like some people say me like, well, you know, I just want to get good enough to like, you know, be able to defend myself. Like, I think people lose concentration this because most people, In my opinion, most people are like, they kind of know, We're like, we go back to the theory of right and wrong. And I'm like, well, you know what I'm like, well, you know what I'm like, oh, well, you know, maybe it's been a long day. So same thing like if you're doing no key and you know guys like they just don't know or whatever they'll grab your shorts they'll grab your shirt, rash guard or whatever they'll grab it you know because they just don't know. They did some experimental gym class, someone in California and like the crazy offscores is like in the, maybe the 40s or the 50s and they had crazy offscores as they had this and like every kid looked like a complete beast. Like most people feel pretty like they know what's, but hey, like, now that's wrong. And I think in the middle, especially on the attitude part is where jiu-jitsu now is like, you need, like, you go to a jiu-jitsu competition, like little kids that are, they have their bad sports, right? Because there's a difference between, like, just like how, how you were saying where people know right and wrong, but they don't always do what's right kind of thing. But you know how like they say it's even like kind of like, I'm just a bad example. And this kid is like he was like, we, you know, we go back and forth and he's like, But yeah, that's the now every time you hear like, when a guy starts like heavily advocating functional strength over like some some lip weight lift or guy, whatever. Yeah, but just like you say man like Connor and like these guys who do put on a show, that's kind of cool too. And it's absolutely true because you think of break dancing moves like how you can spin on your back and do it like all this stuff like to spin on your back. Or if I'm going against a digital guy in a catch or something, I'll be like, yeah, you know, though, if that was points though, you were up like eight points, you probably would have beat me. Yeah, it's like trying to teach someone, if you, if you had a non native English speaker, you walk in and you're going to teach him a vocabulary word, which is like, you know, audacious. I'll be like, yeah, you know, hey, if this was MMA, like, let's say I'm going there. So after like two weeks, like literally two weeks, I went and trained with him and I got him like a bunch of times and I was all pumped up. Where, especially, okay, in these extreme cases, we'll happen, by the way, if you don't have any other presence of influence, or, you know, like, I was like, I was kind of saying this. It's not like boot camp or like, you know, you're going to be forced to do a bunch of calisthenics, which we don't advocate apparently anymore. This supports that whole, you know, when I talk about the fact that like if you make good decisions, like if you wake up early, that goes, that's a habit. Yeah, because like there's a couple guys that I want to keep ahead of or even with or catch, you know, like that's what's driving. It's like, but it's like, it's like moke. and then I got to other parts where I was like I have to talk about the fact that he thinks that this stuff is you know this is a completely different than what I think you know. But, you know, when you start engineering foods to like to, to kind of like the advertising I was talking about. Basically saying like, hey, you come up with dance moves that are fun, that work your body and what I thought of immediately when I when I thought when I read that, I was like thinking about all the all the I guess is B boys and break dancing the same thing. Like, we train, we want to win, but like, you take way more risks training with our with our training team, then you would take if you were training with someone else. It's like, okay, well, those people that are in the middle of the, Yeah, we kind of figure like, okay, pretty much. Hey, you know, like, get all do the right thing, pick a little thing and start improving that thing, clean your room. When I roll with someone, and I'll be like, hey, you know, like I'll catch him or whatever. Even when I'm like, I made a decision like, hey, you know what we've debated this enough. But at the same time, I want to make sure people aren't like, well, you know, I'm going to stay on the path. People do they kind of think like well I agree with that like I support this unless I outwardly just reject it And maybe if you kind of use it, you know, it's like using anger to help you, I don't know, get more strength. Even though people like our like situps are no good, they work your soul as muscle. You know how like marketing, Most marketing is to appeal to your most like immediate. Like you know, like the 12 pack of sneakers? But yeah, that was like, that's kind of noted as sort of the beginning of like whatever popular MMA, right? I think I've heard Dean say this like if your reaction is like oh that's not good for my game. You know, but you know, it's a big symptom of someone who's who's focusing on the wrong thing is like, they don't do well or whatever. But one of the things that, you know, my attitude always is with jiu-jitsu is like, if I get, if I beat someone in jiu-jitsu, if you understand jiu-jitsu, if you beat someone in jiu-jitsu, you realize that doesn't make you a better person than person that you beat. But if I said hey before we roll like one we're walking there or even right before we kind of you know shook hands whatever I said hey heel hooks are a go. Like, it's like the center people of the country right now. She says, when you're putting a hair for it comes in my ears like the sesame as And, because people ask me a lot, like, how do you figure all this stuff out, Jocco? But they are not right now and therefore in my mentality is like okay because I'm not going to put myself into position that a heel hook is available to you unless I know that they're not available. I did a met con like just kind of just representative of what you were talking about earlier where it was, um, it was like how many of these these two movements you can do within a certain amount of time. Actually, that's like no actually becoming, you know what, you know, it makes my kids mad. Now you're in this thing that he's talking about like you're not going to progress because you're not going to train with that first or you're not going to take any risks whatsoever. And this is the same thing like when I was training guys in the teams, like you could teach them the basics of how to enter a room and then how to move down a hallway. It's kind of like a, like you hear the voice and then there's this ambiguous kind of group of faces that might go with it. So I think that's one of the things where, you know, you've got in my mind, you've got judo on one side, which is, you know, really strict and controlled and, and less evolutionary because it does involve as much. Yeah, like you're, like, I got our, when we're at my house, the pool everyone's jumping in the pool doing their dives. And, you know, I always try and explain, you know, like it was a long course Basically, I think the NEA actually means like laying down or sleeping or something like that. So you can feel you can have a heel hook on you and it can be like, oh, I can get out of this and the person starts applying pressure and you're like, oh, that doesn't really hurt and then pop you're you have to go get surgery now. And it's see, obviously, I don't know exactly what's going on in your head, but it seems like that would be something you'd say to someone to make them kind of feel better. Once you started thinking about it, you'd see like any excuse that someone makes your like, oh man, this guy's not taking ownership, that's just an excuse. So I was like, okay, you know, you're, you're really excited about learning this stuff, which is good, by the way. There's some things that I don't agree with about about judo like you know there's things that I don't agree with about juditsu. It's like, you're focusing on your jujitsu, what's lacking, what I know and don't know. You know what's the funny is, this is the only thing in the whole book that he says, like judo won't help. So, like, that seems like a real common sense thing to do. When I first met him, where he was like, it's not like, you're not looking how big the guy is, how tough he is, what belty has and all this stuff. You seem to say like yourself of right now will make like a protocol. This is obvious answer is like, oh, I don't really, you know, I'm not going to train with that guy because you might catch me. I don't know how many you take, but I mean, I know how many you take, but I don't know how many other people take. It seems like he's more talking about like don't don't don't make a decision go and then hesitate all the time. Like, when most people know right and wrong? Even if it's the same deal less dangerous of course but same deal where it's like when you start doing that they'll stop like hey you can't do that. I think most people kind of, like, broadly kind of, kind of would agree with those things. Like, you're, so are you applying this to like your work now or your life or whatever or you just fired up about learning it? And I mean, I know you're working hard, but I feel like I'm not giving you good enough guy and so on. I mean, you still teach moves, but if you didn't know the principles of them, and it's the same thing when I was teaching guys and the teams, like you teach them a maneuver on the battlefield, you can learn the mechanics of the move on the battlefield. And I think we all kind of do it in one way or another, not the anger thing necessarily, but I'm going to like me and you, for example. oh yeah, you know, this is like when you flank someone, right? So I know, like, if I, I gotta get there, maybe I'm around Z. Got to get my rounds in. You know these guys who go inverted do all this stuff where they have a really good control of their like spatial awareness and their body. Just like I said, like, we're looking around. It was like a big like dog food bag full of mega mass. It's like you're like, okay. All right well like I said lot of stuff to learn from judo and juditsu to make yourself better in those sports and in life. Like that's one of the coolest things about the Jitu is you are getting in shape and you are learning how to choke people out, which is really beneficial for all the people that say, well, I want to start GJT But it's like, I guess my face falls way outside of the group of faces that practically, you know, practically, but that that see probably probably match my voice. Man, you ever seen a like a cup with a like a performance or whatever. Now you get you know a new person or someone from heard like that people's initial reaction. Because you know, when you have opposing views, it's like, if you don't do it with the right approach, you just, it becomes more about the fight more so that they're sure. Like, oh, yeah, if there was strikes, I would have one kind of thing to keep say that kind of stuff all the time. And I was like, it's like rock climbing. Like the material for this decal is like supposed to survive the apocalypse. But if you don't put it into action whenever it's like your habits, like what you do, that's who you are. It's almost like, like, Hoiler talked about that. and I kind of did half the book where I was like well you know I don't really talk about that because I see where he's coming from Even if you can distinguish right from wrong intellectually, if you are not trained emotionally to like what is good and dislike what is evil, your ability to do good and reject evil will be lacking. That like like you weren't expecting that but you should be prepared for it. So he do these like flips and some are soft and soft like that. I like how he did it in numbers, like how he did that. And you're like, it's like joking, Jocco. If you feel like working out and you're fired up to go work out, that's going to be a good workout chances are not all the time I get it. Like, if you don't want to be there, they're going to learn it from somebody else, kind of thing. I mean, that's essentially what makes it so good because he's giving you an accurate look how an a motivated opponent, attacker, whatever, would look like he's going full speed against you. So you've got to you, you've got to keep that attitude of like, hey, I'm going to get beat. He rolls with, you know, one of the instructors black belt or whatever ghee, you know, they're rolling and he's going super hard and he goes for a heel hook. But what I'm saying is, and I think even I think most people, most kids would be like, oh, So, and that's what Jesus is both, you know, where you can kind of, and you're going to get, you're going to get reactions that are different, right?