You don't like, like, police have like a mandatory program or mandatory situation where, you know, you go through, I think we're like, when they shoot someone or something like that, like mandatory, you have to go to like some kind of like counseling. But I was like, do people, you know, like, does everyone ask you to teach them or do he's like, you know what, people don't, I don't even really talk about anymore because I've become so well known for that move that it becomes, it became less a part of my life. It's good that everyone kind of does it because it seems like, oh, it takes away the negative this deep, you know, like, kind of like, oh, I'm the only guy. You know, like the people that I like to hang out with, there's like set stuff that I know they're into Even though they might have a lot to say or whatever, you know, like some people like they're smart, but I don't want to get up on state and nothing like that. And it's funny though, too, the way those questions are framed, you know, what they want to hear is like, no, you know, what if you got an incompetent boss, you don't help them out, you've got a bird. So, I mean, there's some people, there's some people that don't like, even in the teams, there's people that like, they didn't like me. I showed it to my wife and she said, you know, XYZ and XYZ and I'm thinking, okay, I get it, like okay, you showed it to people that understand, but I was like, wait, wait, wait. That's, you know, like, I got me a leadership, like, yeah, if you become just a, disgusting, sick event, then that's what? You have to actually have to step into the spotlight a little bit so that you can let people know who you are because if people don't know who you are, how do you have a relationship with him and if you don't have a relationship with people how can they trust you? So man, you know, the amount of cruising and kind of relax and even during the role, there's probably significant amount of it almost to the point where it seems like anyway where he kind of maybe expects that or even subconsciously kind of he understands that that's kind of part of the deal. And if you're, let's say you got a new guy that's never done anything before and he doesn't know that he's going to be afraid, going on an operation, then he's going to wonder why a stomach is upset or why he's second guess himself or why he can't sleep. You know, do some self defense based training at the Academy where somebody pulls out the the knife, the fake knife, whatever, what do they call the fake knife and like, let's make sure we know how to deal with that. Because, you know, like, you can hit a guy in a face or get hit in the face and they'll be like, I'm done. If not, you know, like I said, if you hate it, and you feel like you're not being true to your true self, that's okay. You know, like they were doing things like, oh, I've never been in this position before. It's kind of like, remember when we were kids, there was this, this is, you know, like, really chewing gum. Because the obvious, like, I think the answer that everyone wants to hear is like, yeah, dude, most important thing is you've got to be loyal to yourself. But they know where the actual credit goes, even if they don't give it to you, even if they don't give it to you, they know it, even if they have a person who doesn't even realize that you're like, oh, wow, I did all that work and then you get like three four other friends, you know, and everyone's waiting around to be like, okay, where do we start? So now it's like, you don't have to feel like, the one plus who like needs this water. Oh, well, joculous in, you know, when you're in a leadership position, you know, it's like. And I was like, hey, you know, like, well, I didn't have some why didn't do it to me. Like just like how you say, like Clark? So the videos, but yeah, the kind where Clark was like, I know this choke, I'm in mount or I'm in this good position. I was thinking about this, whether it would have got delivered way better, way easier, same thing with your situation if someone's saying, I don't know, let's say, for example, it's a fireman, it's a fireman. You know, you've come up with a pro solution to problem, say, hey, no, actually, I got this idea from something like, oh, you do it. It's like being proactive and being aggressive and shutting down the situation before or even becomes the situation that you know what's going to become. Because if you do take an engine, if you're engine like check engine like comes on and you go and get it maintained, get it fixed, the engine's still good. But you know, if you get a bitter person who's just being in life, maybe not doing it as well in life as they had, you know, had hoped or whatever, you'll probably realize you'll probably encounter them from time to time. It's like it's like it's either taking action or hesitating kind of thing. But in a way, I'm kind of doing what this, what this guy's implying where it's like, I'm going to say to myself, my interest and all this stuff, I love my wife 100%. So if you start feeling your engine like go on, you got to let someone know so we can give you the proper maintenance. And you, you know, you grab one and this one kind of stick in now, you can say, hey, you know, do you want one off of one of your friends. Because especially the thirst thing, like the dehydration thing, yeah, you don't want to be the guy saying, oh, I'm thirst. You know, if you were teaching a Jocco, the way that the way that Dean teaches this, you know, that would make you mad after all. And that seemed like, okay, that's like a little lighthearted scenario, but that's real. Now what's great is in this particular case, he's talking about this guy's just wild and crazy and hey, if you survive it that first time, well, the next time someone goes wild and crazy, like, okay, well, here's what I need to do. Like, if you don't know me, we're not going to have a conversation. So let's say, you know what, I don't like people taking ownership. I've seen some young kids and, you know, same thing like, oh, this is what it is or this happened or whatever spilled milk out of no whatever. That's what happened with the 100% like where there'd be like, I don't care what position I mean, I don't care what position I have to give up. And as a husband, you're like, hey, I like spending time with you too. And, classic, okay, you know, they look at it and it's typical, you know, they'll have some input, maybe some information they want to add or take or change or whatever. Yeah, so if you take, like you said, like if you take a take in action and hesitation you take those two, it's basically you're narrowing the hesitation down to zero. So another one of those tough questions where people, you know, hit me with like, should I just be, should be loyal to myself. Like, hey, if you start going down because you're dehydrated or you're starting getting getting frostbite and you need to get warmed up, you need to say something. So especially, yeah, you're right, because when you see someone get punched in the face and moving it, it seems like it doesn't really face in that match and they keep going. You know, that's kind of like a situation. And that whole, you know, when you compete for the first second time, you know, just a little earlier. And it's like, whoa, this is like, it's kind of overwhelming. And this is a good point to bring up with just with any kind of training at like leadership training, right? You know how you know people in your life, their bad asses. and I'm like, hey, guess what, hey, we're going to start getting this to heavy stuff. So that's not, you know, it's not a matter of like, oh, yeah, tough it out. And now you're like sighting your wife's critique and like all this stuff. Because it's like, I was in that situation where like literally I was doing the work. Yeah, you've got to let your team know it's going on. So you know how like you have the thing to embarrass us. You know, if, if keeping things simple, I don't want to, hey, look, I don't want to keep things simple. Because you can go down from like heat, kid, this like for there's heat exhaustion. It's like, you could tell with some of his matches, I was like, oh, And they, you know, they're really aware of, hey, you need good, you need water, drink more water. When I got to, when I got to seal training, when I got a buds, that's when they were saying, oh, you're going to stay hydrated. And again, man, that just that familiarity, like, once you go through it, that's like almost night and day and end of itself.