and, you know, for a while, you know, I was listening and then, you know, of course I was like, yeah, you know, that sounds like, sounds like you'd be well-prepared for the physical aspects of it. They're just as passionate about that as some guy, like, because that job, it's a little bit different, but a lot of that parts of that job are, you know, when we had Brian Stan on, we talked about this, you know, like Brian Stan was, you get to be in charge of more people, you get, it's a different dynamic, but the combat leadership opportunities and just the combat opportunities. They say, forget where I read this, but people who come back from war, they kind of differentiated where people who were in it, like JPE and you and I just always wanted to do this, to be a combat leader, to be a Navy SEAL, to be a commando, typically people with that kind of attitude, they don't get affected by it because it's kind of like the thing. It was like, if a guy's fractured going in, it doesn't matter if he's special operations or conventional forces or general purpose units, he's, if he's fractured going in, the war's going to mess him up. But when you have to remember that the reason you become a seal is so you can go and fight in wars and you're going to kill people and you're going to be at the risk of dying and you're going to be at the risk of being wounded and that's what's going to happen to your friends if not you. Because it's what he's talking about right here, which is, hey, you know, it's travel and adventure and career opportunities like no, what it is is war and savagery and the worst things that you could possibly experience is what you're going to experience. And so I said, hey, oh man, no, I think, I said, you know, I could tell, yeah, like a high-intite. One day, the men were told that their orders had come and they were packed to leave for Hoboken New Jersey to ship out for France, meaning they were going to war. So that was, you know, he gets pulled out, going back to the book, Lieutenant Colonel Polar is being recommended by General Vandagriff for the Medal of Honor for leading his battalion with seven holes in him continually for 24 hours. Yeah, the special operations and the conclusion for what I was reading there was, people when they go in knowing and kind of how they put it, like forward leaning into the realities of a military situation, it tends to be special operations or guys who want to do it for that reason. Because otherwise the publisher thinks, oh, well, we won't make that many of them because there's not that many people that, you know, we're going to buy this in the wrong because you all are going to buy this. And of course there's a big bunch of reporters waiting for him and they kind of know they kind of know he's got a mouth I want you people to know something, as long as we can get some decent leadership in our country, are youth to today will be better men than their fathers or grandfathers. Write your people back home and tell them there's one hell of a damn war going on out here and that the Raggedy-tailed North Koreans have been whipping a lot of so-called Get-American troops and may do it again. If we make our men tough in the mind before they go to war and give them an honest idea of what war is like, we won't have so much of this trouble. I'm going to like, you happen like to your experience, right? A common touch the men liked Fuller said, though a few of the clouds were its type officers in the rear-ranked Snickard behind his back, the men knew he was real. And he ends up going to the basic school, which is like the officer with the officers sort of get trained in all the fundamental principles of combat for the Marine Corps. You know, it's kind of like when Remo and I was talking about Steve Jobs, a couple podcasts going on. He went up in an elevator with an army doctor who seemed on point on the point of tears, going to the words and see those kids and you'll soon know more about more than you want about Korea. The combat people run things when the chips are down and the country's life is at stake, but when the gun stop, nobody's got use for a combat man. Yeah, that's, that's, I haven't really heard that point, but you know what you knew here people talk about leaders and managers and I've worked with companies and it's a good, a good sentiment, right? Colonel, I'm a field soldier, Lajoon said, I don't give a damn what men look like in the field. I did that because as you know from listening to this podcast, there's some podcasts that are for very mature audiences and you wouldn't want to have your kid listening to that, you know, a kid podcast and all of a sudden a very violent podcast comes on. In order to find out who this man is, we are going to explore a book called Marine, the life of Chestie Polar, written by Burke Davis. Back to the book, General McDougall recommended Polar for a Navy Cross, citing five fights against, so this is after he's been there for a little while, citing five fights against a period of numbers without lost to himself, the nine-known enemy dead and numerous, but uncounted wounded, and the impressive loot of munitions, animals, food, and captured military dispatches. The practice of having command post exercises, Polar said, though he realized that he was trading on prominent toes in his audience, we take skeleton forces of headquarters troops and the like, just a handful and go through exercises so often that we forget we aren't simulating that we aren't simulating actual warfare. He said, only men, I'd rather be toting a rifle in a rear rank than going out now as lieutenant general. Good evening, I'm going to tell you a story and this is a story of war and pain and love and death. The old man would sneak off with Body and go up into the lines, climbing right up into those dams, straight up hills, all the ice and rock going from hold to hole for half the night. Please tell Lewis that I will finally come home and teach him how to shoot and many other things that boys and men must know. But also in the book, you're going to see over and over again that there's a huge dichotomy that he's super hard core, but at the same time, he knows when he needs to give people slack. He ends up going back to the states for a bit and while he's back on the states, back in the states, America drops the atomic bombs on Hiroshima, Nagasaki and the war is over and shortly thereafter, they order General Polar to our Colonel Polar at this time to the reserves. So, yeah, just to tell that story a little bit more, he had like a, some got to health this. So he's, you know, I had to tell at least one of those stories that he was a mischievous kid, you know, a little bit of a rebel. He was a junior senior in high school and he was this strapping kid who was, you know, looked like a great athlete and she wanted to bring me to lunch with him. But then when you have a real platoon that takes real vehicles and real, it's like moving pieces on a board that's opposed to like, well, you move this battalion from here to there. General Polar, while this big meeting is going on, General Polar stood and intended, and his intended mildness of tone as usual came forth as a brazen war. The story is the real story of the real lives of two men, two marines, a father and a son who fought many battles, both literally and metaphorically and who did their best to fight and win and who we can both learn a lot from. The most unrealistic thing about it is like he's saying that you'll have not a real platoon, but like a small representation of a platoon. Like he said, if it wasn't for the, you know, he'd been put down in some reserve unit new Orleans. I think special where I know that special operations was just like an example of some point that they were making. And like all stories of life, this story ends the way that all lives end this story ends in death. Also, when you get the book, Marine Life of Chester Polar, I'm going to listen on the website in the book section. There's like a platoon that's getting completely destroyed and they've taken a bunch of casualties and you got this kid that did something wrong. The men saw what kind of man they had and the word went down the column as fast as light. Pollars reputation grew among the men but Sergeant Jones noted that the old man was regarded as a man-eater. I'm afraid the men are a little ragged and out of uniform, sir, and the company commander Clinton said, I'm trying to improve them. Now, he ends up going to trial and for this trial, the defense brings in Chess DiPolar, who we know believes in hard training. Fifty years later, at the end of a fighting career, he would look back to those days and say, I learned more in the woods, hunting and stalking about the actual art of war than I ever learned in any school of any kind. I skip over that, but we know what that consists of hardcore training, getting people ready for war. So he doesn't like the paperwork, he doesn't like any, and you can see he does the people that haven't fought. Like if you're want to skip the workout or you want to slip on the diet just a little bit, just refer to one of the tracks on there. But he chose the Marine and listed men to act as junior officers and allowed them to stay as long as they wish on the theory that they became more valuable as they learned the language and customs of the people. Two or three days later when the stench of bloated bodies in his front made his men wretch, Polar persuaded division to make count of the enemy casualties and bury the corpses. And this huge event is at that school at Fort Benning, Lewis left Benning with many new friends and all services, but most important carried away a distrust of over-schooling military men. The telling people the truth upfront definitely helps, but you don't know what you're going to get. I've seen hundreds of pairs tossed away in the jungle or sea because men know they can see as well with the naked eye. And it says in case of war break glass, because you don't want the guy around when peacetime is going on. I will tell this story and the story that I am going to tell is not just a story, it is not made up. He definitely, like I said, whatever that officer was in Haiti that told them don't show fear under fire, he took that one to the bank. He immediately asked for a modification of his orders and said urgently to headquarters attention is invited to the fact that I served as an officer in Haiti in Nicaragua and in the Pacific Theater for eight years prior to the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, this experience will prove a value in an assignment to combat duty in Korea. Most important of all, he was not green when he first came to Nicaragua, Haiti had taught him jungle fighting, and he took the new country like an native. I know this dump is no good, but neither of us is going home until we lick these bastards. What I won't chance is taking a bunch of green kids to war before they know the sound of big guns.