I didn't know if I was going to be able to properly get through this, I don't know if I have, like I said, the fact, I was actually talking about talking with Jake about this on the phone and just talking about the fact that every Marine knows about Chesterpoor, every Marine knows about Chesterpoor, not every Marine knows about a son, not every Marine knows what happened to his son and in my mind that's that's not right and if you don't know history you're doomed to repeat it obviously we know that. In the middle of my junior year in high school my father awakened one night in intense pain and they took him to port Smith naval hospital and on the way there my father held tightly to my hand for most of the trip and I could tell that he was in agony although the only complaint was that he was not allowed to smoke in the ambulance. I tried switching brands drinking only beer wine drinking only after a certain time of day or no later than a certain time of day or not drinking at all no matter what new and feeble approach I seized on. Began and I could feel the whistling rounds working their way up the hill behind us by now many of the marines on the forward edge of our line were returning fire from their prone position and because we were above the enemy soldiers we could fire directly into the trees not long after the second barrage and begun however the tree line from which it was being directed suddenly exploded into balls of fire I went into that last time when I made that last time but if you episode ago, I'm not going to go into it this time. I was never told what words passed between my father and the common don while he was away from us in Bethesda, but given father, but given father's outspokenness and his sense of injustice being done to him, I'm certain that they were less than cordial. I guess name is Jacob Schick and Jake's grandfather was a Marine in World War II, the fought in Ewojima and his father was a Marine in Vietnam and Jake was a Marine who served in Iraq and he was gravely wounded and he will talk about what he's been through and the lessons that he learned that got him to the other side of that darkness that can consume your soul got him away from that darkness and back to the light. I'm getting used to and I bet there's a lot of people that feel like their first situation they get in like I don't know if I can do this, but you're your perspective will open up and you'll begin to see more and you'll be gain confidence over time. So he's having a hard time, seven a real hard time and again this is a book that I'm reading fraction of the book and there's a lot more detail of where these feelings are coming from. I'm afraid to bet back to the book I'd probably not written my father a half a dozen letters in my previous four years of college, but now that I embarked on a right of passage that was not only fraught with peril but also similar to the one he had undertaken as a fledgling lieutenant 50 years earlier in the jungles of Haiti and Nicaragua. And it's coming from situations like this the point man had gotten 30 meters in front of me by the time we reached the foot of the hill and I knew that once we had reached the crest we would be back in control. It is a Pulitzer Prize winning book about his life growing up with his father and his experiences when he joined the Marine Corps, served as a Platoon Commander in Vietnam, and about his life upon his return from the war and the struggles that he faced. She devoted all her time to my father in his final months at home, often reading to him and to late in the night lighting and relight, relighting his pipe and trying desperately to understand his garbled words. The second time in my life that I had seen my father cry and as the nurse led him from my room I felt an aching in my heart that all Father had sufficiently decompressed from his Korean war experience that he was no longer making the kinds of inflammatory statements about the conduct of the war that had gotten into him and to so much trouble in the past, including one that haunted him for years to the effect that whiskey and beer would make troops flight better than ice cream and soft training. I was going to be a good one in the river here and I didn't do it as another part of the day they got hit twice that day their first day out and he's already thinking how I don't know if I can hack this. For a long time after Tadi had gone to bed, I sat in the darkness of our family room, periodically going to the kitchen to replenish my glass, and waiting for the blessed numbness that would wash away the turmoil. The little girl was not evacuated until half an hour later when the enemy unit had retreated back through the cover of the partially destroyed village and when the platoon at the bridge had begun evacuating its half dozen casualties and it was a simple matter to send a little girl and her mother with the wounded marines. I had seen my right hand with its missing thumb and little finger earlier and I also knew that my left hand was now retained only a thumb and half a four finger. I also knew that the mortar fire was going to decimate us if we stayed put and allowed this so enemy soldiers time to adjust it as if in response to the thought of the next barrage. And this is what their dude this is their life going out there you notice they don't even see the enemy like they know where they're shooting from but they don't even see them they're getting booby trapped they don't even see the enemy and this is what's happening. By the time the fall session of law school began, my father's condition had worsened to the point that he could not walk. Like my father who had enlisted 50 years earlier during the war to end all wars. I'd be going to take solace increasingly in drink and by the time the second semester classes began, I had to curtail a daily routine of a half a dozen drinks between the cocktail hour and bedtime. The only thing that was going to happen was that our casualty was going to live but its time in the bush and the Marine Corps was probably over. I've been talking about thinking about time going by and now imagine you're in the same unit that your father was. There were other things I noticed about my father in the summer and fall of 1951, a time during which he made a special effort to be accessible to his only son and to make up for his absence during the war. After the engagement ended, mother told me father had escaped from a trap set by the red Chinese, but I could not envision his being caught in a device similar to the one I baited with lettuce in the apple orchard behind my grandmother's home in Virginia where we waited out the war. I was beginning to feel like John Wayne in a World War II movie as I am a marine lieutenant in uniform and on his way to war, belled up to the barn Seattle airport cocktail lounge. As you know as Lou Poler's going through this rebellious stage back to the book I also began to be bothered by my father's. And for the first time, Martha and I were faced with household chores prior to father's retirement, I never made my own bed or shine my own shoes and now is expected to help maintain a home. The letter went on to state that these injured servicemen could be better cared for by the veterans administration, but it seemed clear to me that the military departments having no further use for men like me who had almost died in the service of our country now wanted to get rid of us as quickly as possible. On the one hand, I wished that all the unscathed young men whom I was now hearing a different view of the war had been forced to endure the war first hand. On the morning of October 11, 1971, three years to the day after I was wounded in Vietnam, I received a phone call from my mother saying that father had developed pneumonia. The old man had lost an arm years before and waved his stump furiously at me as if he thought that the missing limb would give me a change of heart but the little girl seemed to realize that we were resolute taking her grandfather by his remaining hand. Probably not five minutes at a left between the time of the first shots being fired in the enemy break and contact and response to my grenade toss, but it seemed like the an eternity. I never saw the third platoon of golf company a remarkable group of young men with whom I had had the most intense male relationships of my life and I felt guilty for years that I had abandoned them before our work was finished. All right, back to the book in August 1953 when the with the Korean War ended father was promoted to major general and the sign in front in our front yard was repainted to reflect his new rank. The majority of them had been in their late teens and early 20s when they were called upon to give service in Vietnam, healthy young men with smooth faces and full, though closely cropped hair, then their 30s and 40s now, they were again gathering to serve, but many of the healthy young bodies had been disfigured by war or were showing the effects of approaching middle age and the once smooth faces in many cases now supported beards or moustaches to compensate for the encroachments of baldness. Before taught the night returned to Williamsburg, I drove down to the churchyard alone to visit my father's grave one last time. Throughout the several months that we hunted together in camp, Pendleton Countryside, I never once came close to hitting a rabbit, but my father puffed silently on his pipe each time I missed. On the fly leaf of the copy of his autobiography, Marine the life of Lewis B. Chester Polar that he had given me when it was published years earlier, my father had written that he was the last of his line and that he wanted at least two grand sons from me. We never talked about father's stroke after we moved to Saludah but there was an unstated premise that he was unable to do any strenuous work around the house and I tried to step into the void I puffed with pride to think that I was in a sense becoming the man of the house. Father taught me to squeeze a man's hand firmly when I shook hands until looked people straight in the eye when we were talking. Suddenly I was surrounded by a sea of outstretched hands and as I tried to work my way across the room, I felt completely alienated from my family and friends I had known most of my life who are now crowding in on me. My father was dying in the next room, and other than being glad that I was going to be alone with him when he passed away, I felt numb and emotionless. I then spent the rest of the day fixated on the fought of that first drink after I got home in the evening and in terror that I was going to be found out. Back to the book we met him at the airport in Richmond when he returned home and I knew by the way he confidently strode through the crowd of cameras for photographers and newsmen on his way to the car that he was pleased with his performance at Paris Island. I found myself standing for the first time in five months and even wrapped my left stump with an ace bandage guided the stump into the socket of my left stubby and pulled my stump down to the socket by pulling the elastic bandage off the stump and through a small hole in the bottom of the socket. Downs my future brother-in-law who is on his way back to the state to rerout his home ward path to spend a few minutes with me and he told me years later that he'd resigned himself to never see me alive again after he had completed his visit. On my left hand, I still had a thumb and half a four finger on my right hand, although missing most of the thumb and little finger, I still had the middle digits. I could see that the pace of my drinking was accelerating and on numerous occasions I told myself that I was going to have to give up my crutch before my children realized that their father was becoming a lush. It seemed fitting that I had lost my glasses and was losing my perspective on the war at about the same time and although several men congratulated me on having earned my first purple heart, I was in no mood to respond to their remarks. In my precarious state it was decided that I should only see one family member at a time and my father was the first to enter the room.