So people complain about, you know, especially from a leadership perspective, people talk to me about, well, you know, I've got my company and we've got these new, these kids checking in their millennials. And that's what makes people like you said, when you've got to have somebody that's going to go out and fix track under fire, well, that's somebody that's not going to do that just because you order to do it. You know, hiring people or working with people, you know, in civilian sector, you hire people. You know what's awesome is to know to literally know the people. I talk about, as a leader being able to identify what I would call, it's, I just called the void of leadership and it's very easy to see when you are used to seeing leadership, you know, you know, having a deep feeling of feeling the void when you see a void of leadership, if you're aware to look for it, it's really easy to see when it's there and you go wait a second someone needs to step in here and take charge. And then when what, once you guys held the line and you know, it's funny because I used that expression a lot, just talking about, you know, holding your line with your personal discipline and holding the line with your, your subordinates and we use it metaphorically and it's incredible to see here and talk to you about actually literally holding the line. But it was like, I think like your wall or something like that where it's like your just your own stuff. Yes, the point you made about, you know, not just that your, your Sergeant was smart enough to teach you, but equally important is that you were smart enough to listen and we're getting, all kinds of young officers and I'm sure you saw them through the years that they're not smart enough to listen to the people that have the experience and that's a huge lesson learned that seems to always need to get learned by people. Or did you guys have an attitude kind of like, well, you know, we're going to go and be peace-time Army officers for the next, however many years? I feel like we should do the milk now, because you've got kind of kind of brought it up, which is, you know, if for lack of a better term, it's actually, it is a better term. Well, if you know echo you know me and that means you know they're Burke. But, I mean, people who used to tell me, well, you know how to do things because you can order with people to do things. So you've got to, you've got to communicate in the only way you can communicate if the radio isn't working, you've got to get your butt off the, off the tank and down there so you can talk to these guys. Things like fires, things like combat, things like high speed pursuit, chases. The enemy was retreating pretty fast and we were just going as fast as we could drive enough to roads and, uh, in fact, uh, our unit got almost the yellow river, uh, which is about the time to decide to take the, take the stuff out of my butt. But because he was a guy who didn't treat people like people like to be treated. And then you had a bunch of, you know, you were saying that your sergeant, they felt they were lucky to have someone that had been in combat, that had been in combat before, and then all of a sudden I know that they were looking to you saying, okay, well, what do we do now, boss? You know how like now it's like everyone's stuff that you're just, basically how it is now. Because I know part of the Korean War was like they dug in and it was almost like trench warfare. Obviously, you at least experienced some pretty intense stuff, and you know, you hear a lot of times, especially nowadays with guys coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan, with guys struggling to re-adapt to life back in America. And I think that's the best thing for veterans, you know, if you're still in, I think the veterans that have the hardest time are veterans that get out, and all of the sudden, the brotherhood that they are used to is gone, and the mission that they're used to is gone. Had you enjoyed your time in Europe and you said, you know what I think I'm going to do. What did you see and, and how did you see what was going on that got you to get out of that tank and tell you that you needed to get out of that vehicle and start directing was going on in the ground. I mean, you guys, I don't know what it would be like to be in the service today. He got busted for, I don't know what reason, but he got busted back to me, being a private. And you had drafties, not just drafties that got drafted and okay, I'm going to go do my duty, but drafties that got drafted that literally did not believe in what was happening and barely even believed in America as a country. But, this one is one of those good ones where kind of like you in the discipline where you're like pounding at all the time. When you were from a leadership perspective dealing with losing guys in comparison to when you were in World War II, and you weren't necessarily in command of guys, but you're seeing people get wounded, you're seeing people get killed. I don't know if there's a some kind of a, you know, limitation health wise. I can tell you they could find us, you know, often remember somebody at a long time in my career tell me something about reconnaissance by fire. When you got home from Vietnam, you know, you talked about coming home from Korea and everyone's in uniform. So my first day in Korea combat, one tank destroyed, five people at that time were tank head crew of five, were all far more killed than the tank commander was back in the United States and less than two weeks after we left, over three weeks after we left. And I don't know if you know, he's the one in the movie about general patents. And I don't know to this day, I still don't know why they can't. I don't know what it's like to have grown up with all that terrible gear you guys use. You can see, you know, if you want to support that way, there's a lot of cool stuff on there. Just treat people like you'd like to be treated yourself. For those of you that don't know, this is North Korean troops coming down a hundred thousand North Korean troops coming down and have you guys basically squeezed onto, it's almost a peninsula. You know, you know, if you just drink too many of them, you get drunk. I mean, I learned, actually I learned, I talked to, grown up on high leadership, I didn't even know what that was. And I don't know if you know this, which is this is an aside. And I suppose someone that was very jaded might think, well, then you know, you're going to get passed over. You know, you know, I, So the layout of Facebook was like, you know, you had your profile picture and I even, I'm just trying to remember what it was. It got, got the impression several days later when the division system division commander called all the officers and singer NCOs together in a place. And it's a lot of times, and you mentioned this earlier, a lot of times from the civilian side, they think, well, in the military, you can just order people to do things and they'll just do it because you're the boss. Well, that's actually good news in my opinion, you know, because working, not working, but working out and doing you just in a junkie, rather first gear head, man. He wasn't the kind like, oh, I don't really know that. It's hard for people to understand that I have that discussion with people a lot when you're saying, hey, this is the worst time of my life. Anyway, if you want that shirt going jocco store.com or if you want a hoodie or if you want a hat or if you want a rash guard. Except me, I guess they don't really know what I look like. And it's actually when I got out of the military and I started working this civilian sector, I thought to myself, well, if you didn't want, if you want somebody to do something and they don't do it, you can just fire. But that could have to do with the fact that you know how like when you drink alcohol too much. And I figured, you know, if you go up and do your job, you're going to be okay. I'm just from here and you talk about treating people the right way and listening to people. By the way, if you're beginning kettlebells or you're beginning other workout movements and you want to know some tips and even some nutrition stuff. You know, when I got out of that tank to go back in Korea. It's only got challenged because he was creating a huge empire and the anti-trust people got after him. Like you know, you're actually motivated to go over to do this. I don't know what they're called today, but we have a lot more than I think we had back in those days. I don't think we've ever considered making like another, another version in the future or anything like that. I mean, a lot of people got hurt. And I've said that, I don't know how many times, and I still convinced that was a dumbest thing we've done over the time, and I was there participating in it, and it was terrible. You know what it was like in the day. You're, you know, you say when I told people to do stuff they did it. I got kind of fired up, you know. I mean, I mean, so I've seen a lot of people get hurt pretty badly.