Nonetheless, like if I tell you, like, oh, this works for me and like legitimately, if you're a skeptic of the whole deal, like if you're like, I don't know if this works, then the scientific, like, well, for some reason, And so, a corpsman, he said he didn't know whether to believe that corpsman or not, but they sent him up to tell him a cargon, and there's, they had a blown station up, you know, they put big balloons up in the air, on cables, you know, protect areas, you know, military areas, the Japanese would probably suit if they tried to invade us. And I got down there and odd ferris took us to the right, threw them up and up there into the boat and hall got them to the Lord, little bit right there, thing and then odd ferris took us by our foot, you know, and he used to step on hall, put us on the end, and I got up here, or why they mean finally got there. Come on, let's face it, it's kind of like one of those things where it's like, it's a justification, but it's like, uh, like, Hey, you shouldn't put so much pressure on yourself, you know, don't add this stress. Especially with people I know know, with people I know know To each zone, you know, I think most people who like caffeine there, like coffee and stuff, like they like that. She said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he's sent within the Marine Corps. it, it, it, it, it, I, in my, the way it was born was because of a weakness that I specifically specifically had, like something that it kind of got to me late, you know, like later on. And so I'm like, all right, I got a, you know, I'm out of the game for a little bit, I got to get back in this quick as I can. And he got, that night, the Barcelona was, did his thing, and he was about 30 or 40 yards from Barcelona on that land, you know, and the shield hit him, sort of they took him off, and he had, a lot of those guys got malaria. And I don't know if they didn't ask anything of harm and, you know, it was always me they looking at, you know. And he did it like it was just like, you know, like taking a breath. So I do have a basic comparison because like you said like we know, I had the exact same injury, exact same injury on the other side, same surgery, same everything. I just going too hard, you know, at the time one was an tournament, which obviously makes sense because you're After it and the other time I was just got too excited training with the training partner, I've been training with for a long time. And I know that's what helped me because when I got hurt, I was, I knew what was going on, and knew what I had to do, but I still just scared it like it be. Of course, anyway, we were all, then, and one of the guys in my group was walked around and, and golfing with everything, you know, on the island, and it's got name Lucas, in my group, when we walked around, he looked at, he said, there's my cousin over there. And it was just breaking out, you know, kind of like I always started kind of like athletes, foot all with their whole body. Well, you know, when you're floating along there, you're going up and down first thing, you know, but it's in the water and it comes by kelanda. Yeah, it's kind of like, it's kind of like, if I have like, it's a metaphor right now. Nine years ago, by the way, I wasn't like I'm older now, so that's something to, so this recovery, like given right now is like way quicker. You know, someone's like, oh, you got to take your probiotics, right? But when you extend it to this flat, you still kind of have that strength in the muscle, but down there, it's like, I don't know, it's like the stability of the structure just isn't as much enough. And, you know, even if, even if you don't like the taste, even if you don't, I like that it's good for you. Like, I rolled with Pete, like, you know, the entire, yeah. We didn't know where we were going, you know. Well, we got back, they took us, we got back on a destroyer and was headed back in to, to, impasse a ghost's bay that was on Bogotap, that's where we invaded, if set up a, air strip, you know, to attack New Guinea. I can't roll, probably with like, you know, like, um, level 12. And so, we went to shore, we anchored out Pearl Harbor, you know, and they gave us three or four hours leave off the ships, you know. But it's the kind where like if I didn't feel like working out, it's like, I just kind of won't work out. If I said, oh, I don't know because I don't feel like it. Because it doesn't taste like you know, you use, like, um, sweeteners. You know, we liked listening to her, because she played good music, you know, and she's supposed to be breaking our boat morale down, but she doesn't have a normal morale. and I said people don't know what the depression was really like Did you guys know what the intelligence that you got, paint the picture that E-Wo was going to be a really, really hard fight? And that's when I, when we got back, I was, I had what they call the, the crud, you know, broke out all over the body, just like having athletes foot on the whole body. And the head, you know, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the bathroom is called the head, you know. They got to me and said, he said, take this guy in first, take him right on the end. And he, he, spirits rose, you know, and of course, you couldn't tell us that, you know, but you could tell about his actions and everything. And that bullet hit at that above us, you know, that was the only she could get, you know, and we were safe at that long as we stayed down. Yeah, we were on the board ship for, well, we got a board ship, and we sailed around, and we went and made a couple of practice landings in those islands and Hawaii, you know. It's just like, you know, you just gotta get it. It's like you're injured, you're injured, you're gonna this and that because I'm just like cruising, tick off the slaying or whatever, who's around lifting weights, not with this arm, just like it in that action kind of doing push-ups. So I said, I know, I want my boots, I want my boots, and so he took him off Well, she said, well, I hear that the Marines, she always said, well, the little Marines are gonna be hitting one of our islands soon, and she said, the better brain there, yes, mass. And he said, I don't know how in the world they got you down here. I cried under shame, you know, because they made a lot to me, you know. And they sent a corpsman back with him, you know, he was put on a merchant ship, he was going back, it wasn't a Navy ship, it was all the merchant ship, it was going back. And he said, you don't know how you got down here. I said, no, I don't know how I got down here. And then I went out and the next thing I know I'm being put on a board, I was in the LST, I below an LST and they were going to take me off that board with four of the guys with a platform on cable. You know, I'm not telling my aunt, you know, and we became close friends. You know, feeding me, you know, all that stuff. I said, let me know what's going on here. He was not much bigger than I was, you know, because he's been hurt, you know, and everything. And he's like, I'm going to ask my workshop, you know, the PFC. Meaning, because if you don't really know that means it might not make it as much sense, but when you do know what it means to will make sense. All the carriage, you know, I forget what to call it, you know, where you folded your shooting, put it on that. If you know that as a fact, unless I'm lying, which I'm not, you know how it works. This is in charge of the farm, you know, because that guy, wanted to farm by, just like it was, after the war was over. And so about that time, heard a cheer, man that cheered you, just like somebody made a touchdown, you know. And I was going to come up the side there and the guys were, protected me, you know, around, and it, and it, and it, and it, and it, and it came out to meet me or anything. I think you've just said it for me that I love the Marines and I know that at some time in the future, I would join those Marines and we will march through eternity with each other. You know, I don't know how practical that is sometimes. You know, they didn't let us all off at the same time because they didn't want to want another Pearl Harbor type thing because of jobs or still on the offensive at that time. Well, I was then, and I got pretty good shape, you know, I walk around with a cane and crutches at time. You know, you talked a little bit earlier about what it was like at night. He said, he said, he said, he's in this war, but he's in a room on the end, I'm here. Like big smile and was like, I got it on it. And they put him over and that guy, Cover would talk to him, you know, and said, take a bandages off. and I was laying on the stomach, you know, hug those boots right here, pulled him up to me, because I wasn't going to use my boots or so proud of them. So that if you sipped on that like over, you know, a two, three hour period and just drink the whole thing ultimately. And they just fed him like a repeating me too, you know, just intervenously right there. And I've got to find him, you know, it's a real critical thing. You know, the whole, it's like a social proof, right? And I was, uh, we got over there and, and it wasn't, they weren't firing in that area so we spread that weight and for somebody to come out and take over, you know. And when we hit, man, it was like a ton of brick hit, you know. It's not like he's going to teach you, like you learn this one thing. It's more than understanding that because the more that in my opinion, or in my experience, the more I understood that, the more like kind of effective, you know, you are in staying on this path. And they got to my boots and I wanted my boots, I was proud of those boots, my pair-triper boots, you know. and I know you're grown up and your book has a bunch of incredible anecdotal stories about what it was like growing up in Texas during the depression. So you had, I thought that was just a great leadership story about how Lieutenant Hall just said, Hey, you know what? And we got a little leave, I don't know how long it was. And the only treatment they put some kind of blue medicine on it, I don't know, and so I was over in the Malbo hospital for nearly a month, for I was released from there, where I got rid. He was, you know, he wouldn't little like Chestie Polars was, but he was a patient leader of me. I remembered my sisters, you know, and thought that would be if they were hit like that. So they finally got me a pair of six size and told me to wear four pair of socks, you know, let me. and I said, I want to make him be fixed and I was, I'm nearly in tears, you know, So he took this in to the desk right turn and gave it to him a card, you know, to get to him in and out of the guy that's already left. You know, I think the like what do you call it? But it's not something, you know, for me, it's like, oh, we're taking protein. You know, the flank is a week point of the land, said, I'll protect it. I'd see him coming down, you know, the trail or anything like that. He looked around, you know, like he was being followed. I guess, you know, like a sweetener. oh yeah, you know, it's really going to meet you because I listen to podcast. You're like, all right, but I, you don't like to do a lot of things. You know, it's like losing the best friend in the family and then. Just before I hit the ground, well, I got my feet down first, you know. But, uh, uh, uh, whole got off right on the beach and one of those sails got him. And he said, well, I just don't know of any place. And you know what a football or basketball needle looks like. And he was a sad moment for me because he, like, all the other Marines, he wrote to us all, you know.