I mean, I think if you're fair to your kids, because a lot of times, like, we get caught up in like our own feelings, you know, in this thing like, you know, I don't know. I'm like, even, like, it's so, it looks like a big, what he called, not a bowling pin, but you know, the juggling pins, you know, like the people in the jaw. Yeah, I don't go in too much, but it's like, you know, like, if you're, it's like for mechons, you know, and you can do a boy body boom, boom, boom, But you're kind of kind of, and you like the head to head, you know, like you like that. Like, I've been like, I remember one time on a squatting and I felt a little, you know, you know, you get a little twinge in your back. Even with a big smile or face, even amongst total bros, the thing that's underlying is like, well, you know, if this is going down, you know, we know how that could go. You know, like, where if there's three things in a room, like if I see, okay, there's three bottles in a row, mean you don't even have to know each other. Like, depending on the day, you know, so, you know, two days, you have full gear, you know, two days, you have just helmets and shoulder pads or whatever. I think when you was like, oh man, you know, like, it was just a pain in the ass to wear and all this stuff. Yeah, I think technically there's no such thing as Hawaiian hoodie, but I will have a lighter weight hoodie for when you go to Hawaii and it turns night time and the wind breeze kind of blows and you're like, hang out, shadowy, long sleeve shirt or you know. And so he does and he finds out all this stuff, you know, and through like finding the stuff, whatever he gains like a little bit understanding and whatever. I feel like you kind of, I learned this kind of from you in the beginning, where, you know, how you have this kind of big picture kind of mindset. I was gonna kind of let you know, but I was like, hey, you know, just let me just have it be funny for me. And now when you talk to me earlier about working out and like, Hey, do you ever just call it what I will do, which is major weakness is, I'll, I'll, I'll like, I'll like, wait. See sometimes I stick up for like our generation or being modern, saying like, no, you know, we're kind of hardcore too. So that mindset that people get like you just said when they're running away is one thing but also when they think they just want they get the mindset of like When you know, like there's a monster coming in your probably like, Oh, I got to do this video. yeah you got him deeds days and they're like well I'm gonna go in for the finish all crazy not like as cautious as maybe they should be kind of that situation. The only time where I've been like, you know what, I'm not finishing this workout is like I'll hurt something. At least you had like an idea, you know, so there's, at the very least, somewhat in your mind to be like, hey, for sure. So, I was talking to Pete about him and I was like, hey, you know, like, you should make the Jaggynly's. So what that saying is and I should have given this introduction before is that if you feel like you have to retreat you don't say hey we're we're we're getting crushed here and we're going to retreat what we say is hey we're going to bathe them we're going to move back we're going to draw them in so then guys go You know, when you kind of choose your mark on a different type of fitness, you know, I don't know, you stick with the same thing. And I'm like, I'm like, oh, you know what? You know, like when you say, when I think anyway, when when they say healthy competition is good, it's the result of healthy competition is good. It's like, oh, I kind of pushed you to like, oh, we got to be sure. Like, if you, you know, that's why like when I write, I do a thousand words. yeah, you can stay small, but you don't want to spend it's day small as a business because you can't just like, you know, it's coldest, stay small as an army, but there's only so much you can do with limited number of people. Yeah, even time stuff like if you're like, hey, meet me at around seven. But 20 minutes, you know, 20 minutes of like, you know what I better stretch out. They have no idea that we're you know they don't know one of their citizens said something bad about our president or something like that. Yeah like if you like the MMA situation they got the guy dead. Like, you know, you know, consider dark chocolate. When you're a kid, you think like war is just like, just charge. It's like man, it's like kind of taking the high ground when you don't expect to. So I was like, okay, all right, I'm going to take you know, getting that's whatever. I think, you know, when we talk about kettlebells and people will say, like, what size kettlebell do you start off with? One, two, three, four, five, six and that seems like a pretty square to weigh like a jockel would be good with that. You know, like, sure, there is such thing as a rebellious kind of phase. And then like movies like Brave Heart, where they're showing kind of the sword battles and how just psycho it was. But most people like you, like, we were talking about you making videos earlier. You know how it's like, yeah, competition is good. You'd be like, you like that head to head to head to head to head. When I see you like that, I'm like, oh, yeah. And actually he was also saying, like, you shouldn't even hate the enemy, but don't let anyone know that you don't hate them this size. I was like, I was like, not good. Didn't affect the great say something like that in last time, like something about remind them of how lame they are or whatever. I was like, after you read it, it's like, you want to do better ropes from now on. But even like, even like competition, right? I would even argue for like a lot of people like that. I don't know why I'm finding this book like almost comical in how just on point it is with everything I think about. Because you know, like, I mean, I worked really hard yesterday and I'm kind of tired. It's just stuff like the kids never think their parents know anything. I get it if you're just like hey we're getting our ass is kicked and we need to get out of here you're going to lose people going to run away Once you're defeated, then you're kind of like, okay, you know, let it sneak in there. It was always, I don't think, man, I can not think of a time where it ever worked out where the time between the sets was just like ambiguous or something. Most kids are, you know, like, well, hey, I can get this right now. Dave Berkson, me a text, he said, quote, best quote from the last podcast, Dave Berkson, like a crackhead or something like that. So war is eternal and some things do not change and in war we see the brutal examples of savagery and we also see the courage and sacrifice that's hard to find anywhere else, like in that passage right there unarmed men attacking the enemy. It's like a burns a lot of calories, get to a muscular conditioning and stuff like that. The long game, you always like, you always correct me when I have this, like, sort of certain term. You know, like some of my, some of the kids that my kids hang around with, some of them are dialed, where they've just got a vision. You know, that rather than, hey, you know, this is a problem that needs to be solved to kind of thing. One guy's would like maybe not wear their mouthpiece or something like that, but it'd be rare. But I don't know what the exact laundry service, I think it's going to be the same exact thing though, because the service didn't come from camp last time. Like, you know, those doubts, not doubts, but those, those thoughts of, hey, let me, let me slack. but if you're like hey we're doing this maneuver we're going to fade back a little bit we're going to set them up