I think even people who are just naturally defensive, you know, you know, because people are different, you know, I think over time they tend to be, when they kind of build this, kind of, when everyone builds a reputation of not blaming, it's like they they, they let that natural guard down in these tent, look over time, you know, even if they at first, they don't want to. And they get, and you kind of said this anyway, but you give them experience, like when you let them make for your decision to get, because really that's really what common sense is, right, if you have or don't have common sense, it's like, if you have a lot of experience, common sense is like, you're a little bit more in touch with it than someone with very little experience. No, it's good for this and most of the things where if I or we start thinking that we're the exception, so we don't have to put in like, I don't know, like the work or whatever, not necessarily work, but the, you know, like, okay, we'll take this. You know what it's funny is we think about like, why you wouldn't like someone, what causes you to not like someone, most of the time that's your ego anyways. You almost think when somebody asks me a question like this, you almost think in their back of their mind they're going, you know what, Jock was going to tell me and I'm going to go even harder. If you brought them to the airport and you know when you're checking in, you know, and you put the your luggage on the scale and you know you were pushing it, you know that it may be over 50 pounds and you're like nervous. Not as it wasn't as overt, but just like, you know, I don't like, I went because I, not only is he like, when you look at him or whatever, they're kind of competitive with you, You know, you got to do that with your kids sometimes, you know, because like, your kid is doing something that you know they shouldn't be doing, but it's kind of funny. But if they're like normal shorts, I'm going to scrub it with like a brush and it's going to kind of mess up the shorts a little bit right there. And a lot of times, just like I said, it has to do with like your ego or your, you know, this, this sense of vengeance, little micro sense of vengeance because I can't believe she doesn't respect the fact that I took out the trash. Like if you're in scenarios often where you were looking around and seeing what other people are doing and wearing, like, and all this stuff, if you're in constantly in situations like that, that will become more part of your common sense. Like any feeling of like, oh, oh, I should, you know, excuse me, you know, whatever. And you still think the normal morale, like people need to just toughen up, you know, like freaking the reality. And I was telling him, I was like, oh, when I talk on the podcast about the paltune commander, that was like the best, that's when I'm talking to he's like, no way. And sometimes like behavior or whatever things like that can lead to behavior that makes people not want to work for you or not feel good about the job. Actually, where, you know, like some, bosses that we like, hey, I'm not here to make you feel good or I'm not here to make friends or whatever. You're just going to be people will just be, well, you know, the one you're not going to like, on. But all you got to do is ask, like, is this going to help the relationship with my wife or my family, whoever it is in your, is this going to help the relationship if I do this or don't do this or isn't going to hurt it? And I'd be, look, and he was saying, like, oh, I look at him and be like, sir, you know, you don't need to do that. Do you talk about building relationships a lot at work, even when people whom you might not like, even with people whom you don't like. It's like decked out to take into the highest level the Roll call is like hey, we're here to get the information out to people that need it People that are in the field every day whether it's in the military So if it's like, you know, the guy who, you know, they, I don't think that my boss cares about me. So it's like to say, I mean, there are plenty of people who in normal everyday life have normal common sense, like everyone else, who would wear shoes on the mat. Which is where when you talk it like you're not saying fluff, you know, when you talk it's like something. Anyway, so I found in social situations, if I feel that, like if I'm like trying to talk or that I'm getting interrupted a lot a lot, man, in a way, they don't really care that much about what you have to say. You know, it'll make it like kind of friddle fray or something like that. It's field manual that's kind of manual in my opinion, but this is like a manual for life I think it's like a very basic backbone for life It is start there you'll be you'll be solid. but maybe they do something just this much different than you, you know, like a just different in philosophy or something like that. Just like, I mean, back to the questions, kind of like, just to kind of get a handle on understanding what extreme ownership is. And I was like, hey man, what's the deal with, you know, and he's like, I take it all oil. And you know, the kind of worst thing, I don't want to take off the shorts and go wash them like, let me just put some water. And especially if you throw like the firefight thing, like Jocko's definitely going to be on board with me now. If you make assumptions on things, however, that being said, if you make no assumptions well, then you can never move forward on most things because you've got to assume like, okay, most of the time this is probably what's going to happen and you can go forward with that. And it proves that because I've seen that over and over again when I was running the training from the sea of pollutants, eventually I didn't care where the leadership in the Platoon was because I realized that it was a real, it was a real, hard thing to hope for that you had the person that was in the leadership positions, like the Platoon commander or the Platoon chief to assume or to figure that they were going to be the leader that you wanted them to be was a big assumption to make. And in social situations, for example, to me and this is what I kind of started doing or try to start doing in social situations, you know how like a, okay, I listen to my wife and her friends talk So what you have to do with a person like that, when you see someone that does that kind of thing, you know, let's say your kid did that. You know, and by the way, if I step into make a point that people already know, how impactful is that point, it's a very limited impact. She's like, oh, you know, I should have, you know, whatever, whatever. You know, so it's not about like winning this match or losing this round or whatever, you know, you're, and then you get so familiar with being inside control. Now, other people, I mean, if I can step out of my own situation of extreme ownership and just kind of evaluate other people when they see you or feel you or see you taking ownership of stuff, I think it tends to be contagious. You know, like, okay, sure the guy tapped me, yeah, you don't want him to tap you up, but you're there at escape. Like, you know, some, you know, competing with in your own mind in whatever. Brad, the thing is like new still, aside from like the cotton part feeds, right? And she'll, like, all make some mistake, you know, on the spelling of something, on some video, I don't know something. Really interesting, how like Jamie, you know, you know, you're with Jamie, you're Jamie. You know, just one little thing, just one little like, hey, I'm cool. There was a whole thing when I didn't realize I didn't know that tea drinker had like some stereotypical thing behind it. If you want that guy working for you because that person not going to change, and I'm going to do anything different, they're not going to get that problem solved. And how you guys always say, it's like, the thing is, extreme ownership isn't about the other guy taking ownership or not taking ownership. But if you've got your one go to escape and it's not working, there's actually there's a pretty good chance if you only know one escape from something that's not going to work. And, and then finally, you know, I got to like, so what do you think it is? If you think about what common sense is, if you break it down, if you break down what common sense is, common sense is like a blanket term that we don't really relate it to what it really means. You know, I like you kind of think. I know, I know, I know. Yeah, pretty much any time, in one wearing another, pretty much any time you look at other people and be like, hey, what about them? And it's not because people are going to think, well, that's because you're going to bash people in the head with a club. Like, it goes against the very nature of extreme ownership to ask, like, hey, what about them? You'd think maybe it does because, oh, you got a bad leader and you got a good team, then maybe leadership isn't that important.