It seems like he's looking at it like the chain of stradden gyms is like a total pull where it should be like a tree or like a web or something where you can kind of go and this can break off and it can, but yeah, his one is like like a straight up, like actual chain. I'm not going to show it, you know, like my natural inclination is like to to limp on that thing, but I'm going to go out of my way to just show that I'm not, you know, it's no factor. Like, you know, you know, the guy who gets fired up puts on this huge display isn't that sort of a lie, you know, like, I'm being ferocious and crazy and then it's kind of usually just to cover up something else. Yeah, that's like what essentially jitsu is like when they started it like hallo grace he was you know little guy Like your chances, like, oh, okay, we're just going to act like this is no big deal. Yeah, especially in the wild too, because like if you have that framework to stick to, you know, like, oh, this is what we're going to do. But in real life, these kids ask their parents these questions or the teacher, you know, and sometimes, you know, maybe the teacher on the spot, maybe his busy or maybe they don't know or something like that. You know, or that's what it feels like you can almost feel it where it's like, okay, the time when the time goes off, the time is game. And this guy came in and he like acts like he's like, he comes in just a normal guy. It's kind of like when you, like, let's say you go in a first date with someone and they give you like a contract or something. Because it's like, these questions, I mean, a lot of their questions, like Q&A, kids questions, you know, listen in and you answer them eloquently. I've been discussion with someone that was like, basically telling me, like, well, you know, this business, what this business is hard. Yeah, like you know how you know what I got to figure out though. That time, like, you know, it's a different, the difference between you and how like some rules, you'll go against the wall or something. Like you just said, like, how I mean, even your tone indicated how you feel when I pop up with a form, you know, comes in. It's like, you know, the, like your, your plant at home, right? When someone they think they know me and they're like, oh, you know what? But then, you know, when you're doing like you yard work, and you got to, I don't know, shovel a bunch of dirt in the wheelbarrow and you're picking it up. You know, it's a good thing to think about it like even if you're of the attitude that you don't want to lie. Sergeant would be like, oh, jockel is going to hang onto your arm and work that arm with not moving for like seven minutes. Where he's overdoing it because he's trying, you know, it's like a, like a charade. I think it was Tim Ferris, I heard say like, oh, he was writing a book and he was yam done with my book and one of his friends that was writer was like, okay, cool, you're 50% there. If you're like negotiating with yourself like you know what, I'm not really that weak. It's like, oh, yeah, does this scenario, you know, going against this guy? Because it might seem obvious, but then when you're doing it, you're like, well, I don't know we can, you say, oh, wait, you know what we're actually doing? So I signed up for that one and every single day, man, I'm getting the thing, I'm like, cool, the first day, I'm like, cool, that's cool. You can understate it because the bottom line is if you like delicious things in the world, you're going to like milk. So that is farce comparing it to a flank like a flank is like I mean comparatively speaking what just I mean obviously to go to the side is somewhere that not yeah shielded a bunk bunker in forever. And I remember one time, you know, I must have sprawled on him like two or three times in a day and it was kind of, I could see he was a little bit surprised that he wasn't that he didn't take me down. And you're trying to lift it up this little hill and you're like, well, it's like when you roll with guys that work construction, they have, they have legit strength that comes to the other side. Isn't there a basic tactic that I think people do all the time, instead of, you know, like I'm the boss, I'm holding a company meeting, whatever. And I'm saying this the other day at a different company that everybody wants me to say, you know what you're going to do in a situation like that? He did not, like, even, like, I don't even have to defend this right now, because he doesn't have time to defend this. They're like, well, you know, you never know. Like on paper, literally on paper, that sounds like all this little thing. It's kind of like the person who he's talking about kind of like, he feels. They haven't been showing up on time and you start saying, you know, we got people, you know, Bill hasn't been on time. Well, I'm sure the first thing that was to determine what is considered a lie, like, where's no, this conceptually, it's like any, any deception, really. You feel like, yeah, you feel like I've seen it. And also if you didn't know, we got the Warrior Kid podcast, which, yeah, you might not think that you would listen to it, but if you got kids, definitely they'll dig it and good podcast to listen to. You don't think kind of geese where you'd be like, hey, you know what? Like, why are you kind of like, keep an eye on him? That's like a lot of times the advice you give is literally the exact opposite of what it feels like we should do. And he's like, oh, yeah, you know, maybe you did luck out. And like like do that way. Or is it like, okay, I should play more passive or something like that? Setting these things up properly, chaining them together, so that the enemy doesn't know, the opponent doesn't know the next thing in the chain, but you do. They always, they had this hologram thing where it's like, oh, you know, it's him. So I'm like, man, I'm by one of these bags and just sort of like have it part of the workout. It's like you feel like, I need to do this. Well, you know, chief, I just want to let people know what we're doing over here. So, you know, when waitresses or other manager would come by, they'd be like, hey, is that guy's too drunk? And he comes in and then immediately when he kind of enters the little scene, the little area where he acts like he's just kind of drunk and just real oblivious. And then the guy's like, you know, let's, you don't get him or whatever. The cicadas like a cricket, like a grasshopper. And like, I know how much time I can survive in certain situations. You know, it's like everyone's input, okay, new shirt, Beaumont email and everybody Let other people like gov their conversation and fire their ammunition and then when they're done fighting amongst themselves and they're exhausted, going at full strength and pick up the pieces. When someone's like, oh, you know, it's really hard. But nonetheless, um, the, my point was with the bag is, you know, how, okay, you know, you lift a bunch of weights in this guy and, or me or whatever, we can bench a lot.