and that's the whole reason I like it, like I said, you know, Barry Jelly sandwich with the moch, right, and I put a little bit of peanut butter in it, like I said, and I'm like, it is literally like a dessert. However their advance was blocked the battalion then withdrew back to British trenches and held the line casualties had been severe as they had crossed as they had across the front on the murderous first day of the battle 23 members of the battalion were dead 51 men had been wounded three were missing but the savage fighting was to continue that for a and the next day orders received to move 17 members of the regiment were killed outright 40 men and one officer were wounded four men were missing shelling continued inflicting heavy casualties on the severely depleted west Yorkshire men as they hurled in the trenches in cold and misty conditions. Back to the book one man was killed and another wounded on January 12th on January 19th the trenches had dried out slightly and four men were injured in action on January 25th rifle fire was recorded as being heavier than usual but ultimately the expected attack never came though three men were killed in the course of the day the following day was off to the billets in La Flinke this time in the brigade reserve two men were killed in one wounded but a draft of 50 men arrived. So that means there's people that are less than that there's some people that are more some people can handle eight days 10 days some people can handle one day some people can't handle any the average is four days and here are these guys on the line for 10 20 13 17 days at a time and there is times that I'm not mentioning where they're going back off the front line and they're getting a little bit of recovery Yeah, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, cool. They're kind of like, they're kind of like, they're kind of like, the aluminum. But you go like what, like what's, you go like I said, if you mix it with out milk, if you mix it with water, then you're talking ham sandwich level of goodness. Like, remember the pants that I figured they were called, but like the bodybuilders were those pants that were kind of like an elastic. If you're going to bring something into your game like fully, yeah, if this is going to be come part of your life, if it doesn't taste good, it's not going to come part of your life. I'm like, I don't want, if that's the equivalent right now, maybe I don't know if you're all out like that. Like while we were doing the podcast, I like after the podcast, I was like, oh, pistol. Like, like, where I should have as a friend been like a JP. It's like it's like a good way to help man. And like, I just like, okay, you know, it's definitely challenging. It's not like, you know, they're taking a spin class and they quit halfway through because they were too tired or something like that. Back to the book there was a little action with two men killed in one wounded the battalion was relieved by the second battalion Lincoln Regiment and March to Bill it's just a mile away from the battleground the second battalion had lost more than a quarter of its strength. And if you bring something, it's part of your life that tastes like crap, like how long you're going to sustain that for. The deaths and injuries continued forward killed 28 wounded three went missing during the day November 5th General Hay goes to become the commander and chief of the British Expeditionary Force the following year wrote in his diary that why my one thought was how soon I could get my battle worn troops relieved and given a few days rest out of the trenches and shell fire. Yeah, it kind of seems like it's that feeling of like, I'm over here. So it's a good book to get for people that are sort of like maybe they're a little bit. You know, like, you, yeah, well, there's a lot of shame for these guys that that came home And yeah, just kind of, you know, when you think, you read these books, you have this picture in your mind, you know. But what I noticed was the next day, like my entire, my entire like traps, net shoulders, everything and for us. But there's like, it's like, it's good. Like right in front of this face too, like him dying. I don't dwell there, but as I've said before, I do think that we need to know the darkness so that we can steer our lives in the right direction away from it, toward the good and toward the light. Someone said that they're ordering it now so that they get the first edition so that when they meet me and I sign it, they're not like holding their head down and saying someone else said, hey, oh, I guess I'm a bad guy because I gave away my first edition of extreme ownership. At the end of the month of the battalion began an 11-day spell in the trenches characterized by heavy rain, collapsing fortifications and mud by November 3rd in officer had been killed and almost all dugouts had collapsed leaving men with little respite from the appalling weather. And you can't help but try to imagine not necessarily the specific scenario, but like, what is it, how does it feel to literally like not be able to do something? I've got I've not had anyone say, hey, my kid read that book and didn't like it and has now said that they want to get weaker. Yeah, because when I think tank tops, I also think like 80s dude, right? It's like you're like your nine years old. But you get someone that's like not in the swamp, but that's actually on the path they want to get further on the path getting that book right there. I know it gets dark just like life does, but I definitely don't want you to dwell in the darkness. You're someone that's like completely off the path like on the slippery slope. but then they're going right back in and it's not four days that they're going into for they're going in for eight days for 12 days. When you buy, I mean, I don't know how much peanut butter you buy at the store and jelly, but I'll let you know. You got you got 250 guys or something in your company maybe 200 guys in your company and it's two here it's three there it's eight wounded there it's four wounded there I'm like, oh, she's like, I can't believe how hot it is. Like, you're like, you can get some coconut. It's cumulative effect, lead Wilson, later Lord Moran, which was Sir Winston Churchill's personal doctor, to think that a man's ability to hold up against it, his courage was not absolute quality of his character but something he had a certain amount of like money in a bank account and which could be depleted slowly or suddenly by the hardships and horrors of war. You know, like the, I don't think it's a bulk Gary in bag. You know, I shirt that's like 14 years old. Like, you know, tank tops and overseating stuff. It's weird you think about this it's just pecking away it's just pecking away day after day after day after day. And again, you know, it's the same thing that Dick Winner said, the same thing that Hackworth said, there's guys reach a limit and they're done. You know, some joggers, some sweat suits, some shirts, you know, that kind of stuff. On the last day of the month snow fell with water building in the trenches but the enemy was quiet the whole month of January had been spent either in the trenches or in the nearby reserve with no time spent any distance away from the guns. And when you're talking keto, that's a whole, you know, that's a, that's a whole, like, dietary plan. Despite reasonably smooth crossing to France, many of the men suffered from sea sickness, those not being sick were in good cheer and eager to face the enemy and battle, the general consensus of the men being that by Christmas this bloody war will be over. So obviously, you know these guys are they're not looking to hear about your excuses of why you can't get after it with the rest of the troops and the rest of the troops are going forward. You can't get the, the, the, the, the milk that's the coconut milk that they're trying to sell you as like a health thing. It's like, yeah, some other thing kind of happened. It's like, yeah, when I hear about that guy, I can picture that guy, can picture that guy. Don't be judgmental, go out there and fight against the darkness by doing what you should be doing, what you know you should be doing by doing good by being good and of course, by getting after it. But, you know, I think it's something that if we can keep in perspective, because there's so much judging, you know what?