I think mine's like, psychological where, if I know it's 20 minutes, then I'm not, I don't feel like, I don't know, confined or, I don't know, I feel like, I feel like, I don't know. Where I'm just, where I just, for whatever, I lose the bubble, you know, and there's could be anything any number of things that could cause that maybe, you know, it's like multiple, I don't know, bad situation with travel, then with an event, then with something that come home and it's a birthday party and they only think it's pizza and I'm like, you know what it's Oh, and it's just done, right? Those are like the official, like when you, if you go through like a gun course, something like those are, that's the first thing. and then I saw this little kind of like a little ring, you know, like a little tab of skin just appeared. And so, you know, the last, you know, so we start with 20 guys on the mat and then after three rounds, there's, you know, 15 guys or 16 guys on the mat and then it down day 10 and then eight and then four and then it's me and one other guy. And the same way that I will, some nights I go in like there was, some days I go in or nights and, and, you know, normal night I just feel like roll and so I go in and roll. I sort, I feel like I got, I got good training yet, like, six, six, better rounds. Like I saw in his face as soon as I told him that it was like being, it was like connection made. Just like a joke, you know, they say like every joke has some little truth to it. I feel like I just feel like I'm going to break my toe today. And actually, I mean, there's like Tim Ferriss, he's got that thing where he does, it's something like six days in a row of eating, super clean. And then you've got to, you're other opportunities will come because people will see that you develop a team, people will see that you develop good leaders, and they're going to say, hey, I want you to come and do that at this higher position, and you're going to get benefit from that as well. So what is it like kind of like when your coach is saying, okay, everybody push up for 60 seconds and he's looking around and when you see he's not looking at you, you just kind of cruise. You mentioned the, the, given into the brain that you were evolved to have or when you know, and that's like seeking out sugar and fat and, you know, fat's not bad. Like someone's like kind of squeezing my hand a little bit with their fingers. Yeah, well, there's a quote where one guy was asking the other guy or something, like, hey, what happens if we develop our workers, and then they leave us, and he's like, it's better than not developing on. And so we trained a bunch and you know, there's no factor and he's like, well, we're going to tell him and I said, I haven't eaten for 48 hours. And then there's some from like, you know what, I do not want to do that kind of workout today because I feel an impending injury. Most of the time guys are, you know, like, hey, man, are you okay? It was like kind of touching it or something like that, but it's with us weird right? And I used to tell that to MMA fighters too and I've told that story before you know listen guys you're getting worried they're going to get knocked out or they're going to get caught in a submission. Like, oh, and instructors coming, like they'll help people skate through. Like, one way or the other, like, I either busted my ass and it did a couple days of hard working out. I'm like, looks like it's you got the last round, my friend. And I'll tell you one thing that I do, I kind of see is you know when I'm in the movie the Terminator when he sees like the various responses he could give. And I remember like they were telling me, hey, you know, sometimes guys get wounded, big shot and it does, it does, it does, it does not phase them. Where if you show anger, not only is it like a powerful thing in there, you're like, oh shoot, this is powerful. But then some days, you feel, you know, I'm, I don't feel like putting any heavy weight up today. And that's why it's so important really in any endeavor, especially in a war, but in a war in business, to have an open mind from a leadership position, to listen to what people are saying because they might be right and here I guarantee there were thousands and thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of soldiers that would have said hey you know what this doesn't make any sense. And you know, and I kind of like, you start kind of blacken out. Like, that's like the worst thing someone can tell you. And part of that is going off instinct of what I feel like of what type of workout I'm going to do. One round is like literally like three rounds with an average normal person on your level. I don't know why I'm not, you know, some incredible athlete, you know. It's like, oh, you don't feel like it. But if you start looking like you're going to hang yourself, I'm going to stop you. I feel like, and I was like, Because it's not like when I say learn something, I'm not like saying that they're teaching me some new variation to the go go plachia. You know if you were to protest and say hey this doesn't seem like a good plan to me. And you know, one thing that I remember from some of the older Vietnam seals talking to me about guys that have been wounded, this is, you know, in the 90s. oh cool, you sound like I could sound for like three bucks. Some days I'm like, you know what, man, I'm not feeling it today. And then I said, you know, and you know, I noticed that your camera work was a little bit off. It's not, you know, if someone said, hey, Jock, we want you to write a fitness book, then that's going to be 127 pages. Then again, that's, that's, I've been thinking about actually getting someone and saying, hey, you seem like a capable human, help me write a little ebook. Now my son, you know, can you imagine you're getting your nine years old and you're getting a personal class on the dars choke from Jeff color, but my son, you know, he just thinks that's normal. it's strange because at one time we did like, we had the gym was closed, but we had, you know, an open mat. You got to look for that moment when you start feeling emotional or you know that it's going to be something emotional. Take away there is like be like the terminator. And you know what I was thinking when you see this much death, it's like when they say the eskimos have thousand words for snow because they're so familiar with snow. They had to like move the tendons to the side and like grab it. Kind of like I've been saying, hey, if you want to get good or hump on a rucksack, then just hump a rucksack. And if you're emotional, you don't think like that when you're emotional, you're just you're just blurting out whenever he's going to come out of your mouth. And I want you to think about that time before you are going into the battle because that's the time when you can actually think when you're waiting. It's about treating people the way you would want to be treated and doing the tasks that you don't necessarily want to do, but that you know will help you or help your team.