To you, you know, it's a, you know, it's a, you know, it's a, you know, it's a, you know, it's just that idea, you know, like, so if someone's focusing so hard and being like perfect in every way and like knowing every single possible thing and just not showing any flaws, like focusing on it, maybe that's a mistake because they kind of created this connect. So like, you know, if you're, you know, if you like to play guard or you have a slick game from guard or whatever, if you train like an MMA training or training with strikes and stuff like that, it'll really expose where you're in danger in a real fight because that guy's gonna, you know, like it's gonna punch you in the face done there. But it this way I was in the game but it was like because I was like on the hype train you know how like I was like hey man everybody I'm doing this new thing and you're like fuck you just you know that just made you sound worse. yeah, if it sounds like, well, because I think anyway, and it has a lot to do with what you're used to, you know, where, like, if you're used to like a polished presentation and then all of a sudden, it's not polished, it's like, oh, he kind of fumbled through that. But you'll be like, all right, you know, okay, we understand is you, you do it for more like, hey, we're going to understand so we can take action or, you know, whatever. Could this mean to, you know, it's as, don't look too good in order to, like, you know, okay, this is the concept where, you know, when people make speeches or they'll, they'll have some sales pitch or something, and they'll want every word to be perfect. Would do anything not to fight let me tell you the best thing you can do as a human so that you don't have to fight is actually learn how to fight that is the best way to not have to fight is if you know how to fight if you know how to fight people are going to want to fight you you don't have to say anything they can tell. They're, you know, like, I, you know, what were your, warriors like you, Jocco and I was like, no, guys. And then someone else will come in and be like, oh my gosh this person's racist because Look what he said and maybe they'll play like you know the end part of the tape only or the beginning only or something like that. Like all those things, you want to help their ego and make them feel good to make them feel like you're on board of the program and not make them feel like you're going there questioning their call, because that's just an attack on their ego. But, yeah, I could see how that could be if someone's like, yeah, like, I don't know, someone who's not into necessarily the physical part of it as much as the mental part and maybe like the watch it. You should you know you should know some boxing you should know some wrestling you should know some more I should know some you just to for sure. And that's actually that's like a, because, you know how, like, I feel like you're kind of the example of that. And they're still smart as smart can be you know like they always were so now they got that and that additional like pay off you know that's where they get it to power But most people even when they said even when they tell you they want feedback they don't want it they don't want it like let me let me give you an example if you echo Charles yes would like you you made a video and it took you now right don't even. Like there's a big difference between like why did you do it that way me like in said saying hey echo that frame is doesn't look good. So, like, analyze like if someone's like, if I were to talk about haters, like, I could analyze that. It's funny like I know and people know our rea and I know and never really was into tea. And the other thing that he does is he takes it to us, like he'll say, imagine if you were imagine if America right now elected a person like he, so he brings it into like real time. We'll call it where like the average person is like, It's kind of like if you built a house, right? so I'm just getting smashed you know I can but this it's kind of like the more you know the better you are kind of think you know I did this I answer this question on Q and I did you think I was a good answer because I think you know I think could have been better Or these coaches that like maybe were going to something, but they, like, they know. But, you know, the person who just kind of gets a huge payoff in figuring out how things work and that's sort of it, you know, like in there. And there's a culture of embracing that to, you know, how people will be like, Hey, if you don't have haters, you're doing something wrong or something like that. Like, like, yes, like yesterday, the Dakot and I taught the, taught the new Jitsu people. And it's kind of like, hey, if I'm a, you know, I want to figure out how this, I don't know, this engine motor works. Again, it's interesting how that third or that additional element that they're not really used to like how you say nerds and you know, we'll just say like people who are more cerebral within physical. Like a little dig like, like I feel sorry for that. The next day I was like, what I was going to say is like, I was going to say eight mile run. It seems like it's not like you said, hey, I wanted to do this and say, you like drew it out. Yeah, but you get in it and you're just finding success just by learning it it's not like football where it's like sure I know how to catch. I was giving I was like a what he called back and listened to those podcasts and see if you were trying to act like you in the game even though we now know you weren't. But you can kind of feel sorry for him because it's like it's kind of a lonely, like actually I think when I say, I feel sorry for him. For on the big mats, and they're like, hey, who hasn't had any experience at all, or, you know, under a however, among their mom or something like that? Because that's when you're talking about, you know, a highly produced with the background music and all that stuff, like those podcasts, I don't, I don't like those as much. Yeah, and that's why so now they're in that's why people get addicted to because it's like this element of physicality like a physical fighting mark fighting sport by the way combat sport. The point is it's not just like people who want to just, you know, get after their Jitsu game, and they've been in it for years and years, and they want to camp out and do it. I definitely recommend that and there's going to be a big dichotomy here I'm going to get to but you should know some basics right you should understand for that you should not have content with other people. You know, so it's like, if you're, if you're okay, so here's the scenario I'd find myself in where the guy I'm going to get, this is a way better strike. I know like an internal protocols like, Okay, I'm emotionally attached to this situation. Right, you know what I'm saying like you could come to me and say hey what do you think Yeah, interestingly like a lot of the people that you meet in Gigi to or just like this where I'm interested in martial arts, but I'm not interested in fighting no better. Meanwhile, you don't know that guy is a purple belt guess what's going to happen to you you're getting crushed or that guy wrestled in high school he's about to double like you and slam you on a curb. Is it possible to be super, you know, like people that want to understand you, too, but they don't want to do it. So if you didn't know it, but this guy had some kind of criminal situation going on and you didn't know it, then they can't talk about it, because it's illegal, okay? So what is this like some you know how like someone will say something. It's like, you know, doesn't AA have something like that too. Like when I start saying, even whether it be on this thing or even in real life, we're, I'll start explaining something because I'll be super interested in like how this thing works. I don't like those, but even when you talk about the produced part, like hardcore history, he's still talking, he's, he's still talking, I mean, obviously, Joe Rogan, obviously Tim Ferris, even Margar made, right? Most of the time the person knows that that thing stopped framed up right they know that the idea was not great so you don't need to punch him in the face with it because that's actually going to make him get defensive. You're just like, I know, I know, there's the situation. You know we know each other you can be attached to be like I was like, oh, yeah, right on where, where, you know, when was your first day? It's not like digital, where I can kind of, you know, just go and lock up and if I don't get to take out a whole guard kind of thing, these guys, they're not trying to grapple with you. More than a few people have said, hey man, I really like, you know, your stuff. Someone's, you know, you want to clear someone or or you want to punch someone to get them, you know, a little bit disoriented before you get control. So yeah, some people are going to get, you know, they're going to be haters. You should be reluctant to fight I think everyone should be reluctant fight there's a lot of bad things it can happen to fight a lot of bad things you know first of all you can hurt. You know I'm going to say well hey do you think you're going to be able to make that work. So, you got to cover both angles, but there's so much overlap that if you get good and apt, you're going to have some of the fundamental of MMA, you will be really good at the, what you need to know with the additional concepts on military tactical types, types of situations. I think Matt Larson did the guy that kind of is the grandfather of a father of, I don't know if his old enough to be great and father of MMA, it would be my age, so I don't know. And if you get hit and you die, and you know when you come back to life or whatever, you got the P shooter, you find yourself like this with worn out tools. They got a lot of cool stuff on there like that like warrior bars and whatnot. Well, what you should say is like, hey, I wish that some of the people that I know that wreck their lives over a girlfriend, boyfriend, husband, wife that broke up with them and they let it ruin their lives. So it's kind of like one of those things where you get to train to fill in those gaps between, okay, one moment I'm striking one moment I'm grappling and the strikes while you're grappling, you know? Now you have to fight but if you know how to fight and you have that confidence and you have that understanding and you learn simple things like avoidance and you learn you have better situational awareness. And you know, if I've only mentioned it with, due to two clubs on man, I've done a ton of MMA, sparring with fighters like a ton with gloves, with big gloves, shoot boxing, little gloves, everything. It's not like it comes with a game like you got a free. Our totally, like, not just, not just like more heroic than me, but on top of that better people. And then what you're doing is you're coming to them basically as like a concerned friend that really wants to help them win and and pointing out some of these obvious failures that they might not be you know aware of and you still got to be gentle about this. Like your sense of like emotional control allows you to go boom, right? You got to make sure that your ego is insane I want to prove to this person that I know how to frame this up better then you got to put that all in check. So I don't give you the example from my perspective, one of the reasons that podcasts right now do really well is because they're normal people talking like normal people. And they're like the best coaches, you know, that kind of person. And I think I said is part of the personality and if I said that what I think I should have said is most right most men have in their personality some level of interest of fighting right we wrestle we box we we scrap as kids look at the UFC. and I was like well you know I think you framed this up wrong. There's so transferable that it's it's it's like, you know, I, it's a gui and no gui, right? So when you wind up, you know, being able to take them down all this stuff, you can like you'll have just way more advantage because you're aware of all these different elements that you might not get in just digital class. The dynamic, the dynamic of like, you know what people, how dynamics of haters. But you have MMA sparring, which is a full MMA fight with big gloves and you know, may or may not have shimp as or whatever, but it's essentially MMA fight and that is 100% incorporating grappling and striking and take that's everything, you know? If if you did something and it doesn't go well I'm not going to say you know did you actually think that was a good idea. And because Taylor is in like, Andy, I don't think about it as much because Andy's more of a duty to fighter, but, you know, Taylor, he's an MMA fighter. Or talk too wise, which is, you know, I know everything, right? and then you can get one of these Rashguards that say something on them like good after it or something like that. So in the beginning, you might not even be able to take that guy down because you're like, oh, I know this guy. Because then you get these guys that, you know, the people that they have a little bit of authority, and they're going to use it.