and he's like, bro, he's like, if he doesn't like, just like, I don't know, I know, he lives like a man or he can't. Pete Pete talked about how you know you've used it I think you gave great examples and you've also seen dichotomy leadership dichotomy leadership available for your to right now if you want first of this do you know I was thinking about like extreme ownership the book and then that caromy leadership the book you know what that's like it's like you're watching movie major league We were in the cafeteria like one of the first days and he comes up to me and he's kind of got his head down a lot of business like hey, I was like hey, and I thought he's in a say something like it's great to meet you because that's you know my ego so lastly obviously thanks everyone in the military out there making sacrifices every day to literally keep us free and thanks to police law enforcement correction officers fire fighters board patrol paramedics and all other first responders here at home thanks for your sacrifices to keep us safe and everyone else out there you know someone at the immersion camp said that jiu jitsu could seem frustrating because you try things and they just don't work and you practice and you drill and you try them again and things don't work and it said to person just said that jiu jitsu can seem frustrating and I said jiu jitsu just doesn't seem frustrating it is frustrating it is frustrating it's a grind it's hard it's overwhelming it's infuriating it's irritating and it can also be very disappointing and in all those ways jiu jitsu is just like life life is going to be hard it's going to be frustrating it's going to be disappointing he's extremely creative he designed a few a few things though like you've designed things like you he like actually drew it out really like draw no you never seen a draw But you know, there's occasions where like winning it all costs is like, it really is sometimes you're just like thinking, oh man, I have to, I've got a freaking do this, bro. remember you're like that took like two hours but the concepts are like kind of solid though seems like it's he understands composition and color theory and It's like on my way, like when I think about it, I'm like doing something and then, you know, wanting you're, I'm done doing it. Like if you're serious about training, like you're going to commit to it, like you're really going to commit to it. Yeah, it's like like when you get used to the milk it's like a kind of drink soda. and we did like a monster mash which is in the team's monster mash is when you set up just like obstacle course and then run and then a boat carry and just set up all these crazy things and they'll just do all these weird stuff and one of the stations was you had to drink a whole can of coke through a straw and then you had to like do a sprint over the Burma or whatever Right now I've just caught the fact that it's like the same is like be little like you're belittling somebody. Like if, if, if, if, if, if I, if I don't see the weakness and somebody exposes it, the first thing I do is feel like a schmock for a second, but then I'm like, okay, well, show me how I can get better. So like, I literally, and then I like, then, then I literally, I was like, he's got on brand. There's like, like, what's kind of like what I just said about what is me? It's like if you drink like a coke or a phanta in your case like right after training. Sometimes you've said to me, you said something that you would like to be like, I don't even know why I said that. Well, ego is like, if you want to, if you want to distill it, it's like, you know, there's no eye and team. and he's at origin on that phasy double watch and on those platforms echo is echo Charles and i am at jok work echo anything else but nothing super fun to have you on again thank you both i was you know little bit nervous about coming on today but i'm glad i did and that you forced me to know what i really appreciate you invited me back on it means a lot and man just awesome awesome to be able to share what we're doing with the masses and have you here at camp and you know helping out to build this movement. Like like individual moves or do you like to understand the broader concept? And I was like, dude, I said, you know, I said, I think the packaging were great, but you know what? They're drinking quick and so he like drinks it down and as he's drinking it you can see him like his initial face is like You know, like, we're, like, we work so well that we do work well together. If you have something that is, that is like that, that whether it's hey, I want you to charge, singa, nest, or whether it's, hey, I want you to continue to execute this plan, or whether it's, hey, I want you to even something like this. And really, I think this, I told him this, this conversation that we had made it, feel like it was worthwhile for me to come to camp because he said to me, I feel like, is it ever okay to quit? And I was like, yeah, you got to ask Jocco wherever she's like, oh, I just want that. it's going to give them directions going to show them the path and it's a it's a positive path it's a path that everybody would want their kids to be on and would want any kid to be on I don't care who you are you're going to want your kids on this path um extreme ownership we talked about it a bunch today you know And, you know, I know, like again with a single platoon, you want those guys to get done with a block of training and have pride that they did it better. There was actually one of the one of the girls here I was talking to her and she's all fired up and her brother she's like my brother's so mad he couldn't come and I said oh why couldn't he come she's like it's sold out. And it's kind of like one of those things you've got to balance, like, what's the most important thing here to make happen? I didn't know, I didn't actually know it was a, I just thought was like, I was the stop was that was me trying to mount you or pass the guard. And you know what's funny is when you know you, your ego is playing a role in your decision making is when you have to say something like this. But just now I just caught that like she little like, okay, it's be period little, right? Yes you know the agreement we had with the contract with the camp limitless to a certain amount but talking with the owner camp laurel he's like you we can expand more for you guys to make that happen because they they actually want us here because it's just great for them it's great for us I want to, I want to just give me an example of like, when you, because we're, now because we're doing what we, what we would do is like, we work so well together. So for the folks who didn't go to college and I don't even think, I'm going to say right out, like, I haven't said to my kids which college are you going to. And I, I just started calling people trying to find like, there was this mill in Sanford, Maine, a huge mill, like a million square feet. And then the electrical company, the electricians who were friends, also of us and they're like, they're like, okay, we got to bore through the concrete. yeah made sense all simple this I made it's this is part of a sticker that he cut off and put it right there so we both did that seems like okay that sticker that's not going to fit on my folder let me cut it off boom fits and you want it to be a shirt Peter Albert's artist composition one more time also And we follow him down this staircase and I'm like, this is going to like murder us or something. Like, you know a regular, I don't know regular, whatever. All I know is it was like, I think you're going to tell me hard attack. And we had like a tanky, you know, you know, Augustine, that was up here. It is like, you know, you know anything about this or what? But the thing is, they're not only, okay, so you have joggers, which I did, because if you do really jog in them, like they are, it's like they're ergonomically kind of made for actual jogging, because they don't flap on the bottom or whatever, and they give you room in the depth of difference between joggers and the sweats or something. I always thought of it as like be little like I'm a little bit of you. You know, like, hey, you come from 12 to 12, 15, and you come from 12 to 12, for change to 12, 30, and I just roll with every guy in the cartoon, and just to get the mat time. So there's definitely going to be, I mean, I remember when I met you, I was like, you know, this may not work out. well he does he understands those things and they like red so you got to give him a you guys be quiet I'm over here innately understanding color theory I'm going to need some time why don't you think what I walked in that grab this folder You know, and, and I think the thing is, and where the transition happens is when you understand that in what I'm trying to get, like a man to understand is that extreme ownership is it's not a game. And I was like, that first thing I'm teaching like a pack is that right there. That's across the over and and so it's it's good to be able to just say, Okay, I don't care whose idea this is, which one of these two divergent ideas is going to be the better one for what we're trying to do, which one is going to deliver more satisfaction to the people we're trying to serve, you know, which is what we're always thinking about. Like getting to black belt was the start of that was like okay, the English language. But you do really good things like, um, like the pants, for example. yeah on the packaging you're like no how about like this you drew it out So I go out to Brian now and I was like, yeah, Jaco doesn't like it. So when I call you, I'm not like, I'm like, yeah, And you know it's one, I'm going to tell you like extreme ownership. You know, people are very nervous about not so much anymore, but I still get a lot of emails like, is it right for me? You have to be driven by you go just like all of us are, you know, to have this vision and think and believe that you can take a 20 year old loop and get that thing up and run and make close with it. And you're like, look at me like a hey man. So I was like, it's like you tell him basically little. I feel like from the language perspective, when you get your black belt, you have the language capability of like a ten. You looked at me yesterday and you're like, hey, get me in a quarter guard and I'm like, what's quarter guard? And I feel like I feel like black belt for me. I had this conversation with Dave several years ago about echelon front and he was like, oh, you know, we got to expand. And I was like, and that was on the other side of the room, and I was like, that's a good looking hoodie here alone. yeah you want to be in the group you got to pick a scab so we could be blood brothers actually jaco is surprisingly creative maybe now like in the brain kind of thing real simple for milk they're like and they'll be like that milk is so good. She's like good, and I'll be like, I haven't trained this week. When you have a frame like that, it's like a snapshot in time. I saw like whatever, you know, origin, I'm going to represent it put them on. Like they're looking up like, hey, you can pay us more. and then he just looks like turns that kind of pale when you could see he was feeling it wasn't like too much. oh and then it just like his face just goes all like It looks like the most insane contraption that looks like when you look at one and you see it moving. And I was like, what do you mean he's like? It's like saying, Jocca says, you know, when you have to qualify your next statement, you've got to go I don't think that right there is, you know, when people complain about the corporate, you know, corporate making decisions. I'm thinking why didn't he cut off a yard or like a like why is it in the dumpster? So it looks like dragon weave looks like exactly. It's like, I'll go in my office and I'll sit down and I'll put my hands on the desk and I'll just put my head down and close my eyes, but like reset, go. And with our partnership, like in terms of the jockel products, which have, you know, been ridiculously awesome for the masses, along with some of the new stuff we're doing and jiu-jitsu and on the lifestyle and the things as we grow, the vision and we grow, and we bring our message proliferate our message to the masses. Like a new England, but like cheap whatever flannel with the quilt inside of it. and he's like looks at me like can I drink it Like a whatever, like a wick and a new wringling flannel. And I was like, thinking to myself, I like that. And he comes over and like does like a bro hug. you're like looking around you're just like I was like, I looked at the other instructor like, Holy crap. You know, the thing is is like just to frame this, just to frame this, right?