I was like, I'm feeling for Jocca right now, because I've been in that scenario where it's like we're going hard and then I wind up in Mount, I'd be like, man, I'm feeling like, like, breath in my, just by watching. So now it is that's even, you could say that's probably even worse because there's so many good and plus not to mention back then, if you were going to watch, you know, my dad was telling me this the other day that back in the, I said, bro, I'm going to do, they had a, you know, everyone watched, like he just mentioned, he mentioned a Walter Crankite in this and like my dad was like, everyone watched Walter Crankite. Like, and people will no matter what level they are, they'll be like, oh, man, you know, they'll say, oh, man, I got my ass kicked, but I'm ready, you know, and I'm coming back You told like good books and there, you know, but you read them and they're kind of long and they have the, you know, they're really laid out very well and there's like, they go into detail, which is good. Like the, like the, like the freedom that like the freedom does it, as a, as a discipline. And then to me, it was like, when you get your ass kicked, you know, like, even even you, how you say, like, sometimes I'll just get my ass kicked some day or sure. But, you know, like there's not many things in the world that are like that or like that. And you know how they say, like helping others is like the ultimate like reward. You can add, like, you know, how the patch is situation or, you know, just all that stuff or seal house BTF, you know, kind of thing. But so like a lot of times, even when I was working through mine, and you'd be like smashing me all hard, I'd be like, right, you're wasting your energy. I think that because claustrophobia is like, like, for real claustrophobia, not just like, why am I uncomfortable with that? And you can imagine how, you know, I think even during World War II, during World War II, the guys were overfighting, but at home, like everyone was focused on the war effort. For every, because I think it's a good reminder for everybody because, you know, that feeling like, you know, when people are, man, I, I, I, for everybody in everything, not just due to it. Like, let's, you know, like, if you look at the days, the days we go from eight in the morning until four o'clock in the afternoon and on the first day and then the second day, we go eight in the morning until three o'clock in the afternoon or maybe two, thirty. Like he would start like, like getting actually mad at me. I was like, yes, like I was happy that he tapped me out and let me out of there, because it's like it's really bad when you feel that. And the neighborhood, I don't know how they, you know how they, you know how they, you know how they got your long That like went back and forth with me and it was just like look I do not like this. It's like right now because right now in this, in the, they're trying to put these limits on time, or I think the social media people are saying, hey, we're going to help you monitor your time that you spend on social media. And even now, like when you watch the news, you're like, oh, wow, you know, that's, that's too bad that's happening. Yeah, it's kind of like a, when you plant the seed, it's like the seed got to grow into a thing above ground first. But you know, if somebody has to beat that cost a lot of money, and some people like, you know what, I can only afford one. And there was a guy and he was using the middle of the river like sitting on the rock just to calm river, not like you know, he's sitting on the rock. And even, oh, like, if you're not engaged in it, it's like, you know, just how you say when you only when you're watching the news, that's when you see it. I was like in terrible shape, I would go train like twice a week, maybe, you know, and not, it is just a bad scenario. I'm envisioning a world one day because I was in the traveling yesterday horrible and man I got like a chocolate milk like a regular chocolate milk which is just awful crap. Yeah, I mean, obviously growing up, you actually study, like when I went to history class in high school, like we specifically learned about the Kent State massacre, which obviously is horrible, but can you imagine, so for these students could kill these student protesters, obviously never should have happened. It has to be, but if you just feel like you can't get out or you can't breathe or, you know, it's like, that's the feeling. and she's going to start me even like me when I read like I was reading about face the other night for the 47,000th time. The, even the way you travel like, okay, you could say, well, you know, we used to be able to, and I don't know how much you traveled before 9.11. You know, same like I know the thing. and you know, afterwards, we kind of, you know, and it's kind of a hang until it starts at eight and then beat, you know, the, the, the brakes that you take or whatever. It's like, to kind of deviate from the war, the almost in your own, like, little- Traced in like red, with exclamation park, you know, or point, you know how they do that. yeah, he comes over and he was like, I said, man, you know, he said, Yeah, well, it's been literally like like 15 years before since I've and your head doesn't get a beat down by the sun. And like you see these guys who had like big big-tem careers and stuff. When you were kind of jumping back and forth to like, Oh, coffee isn't made with you, is that with he like he had, he had, what, what? So every time I listen to you say, that kind of thing and do your little explanation, that's like, yeah, man, that's true. So you can be completely, you know, not only, you know, it's one thing to say, hey, the news is over about the war in 30 seconds and I don't think about it anymore. I'm still doing burpees and lunges and even a little kettlebell like type, little, you know, movements. Like when they were 13, 14 years old and be like, oh, this is what alcohol will get you. You know, that's why a lot of people like if they really love what they do. He wanted to name and didn't name, they named all the vehicles after GI Joe characters, like co-break commander and stuff like that. Yeah, because you know the benefits and you feel like the payoff of the duty to weigh more than you care about or fear claustrophobia. You know, it's one of those things, like, is that just always going to happen? But then they'll be like, you, you, when you were talking on podcast, 23, you are like, there's nothing else I can. And I was like, I was like, this guy's a different, another level of savid. It's like, like, two 20 hour days is what it is. Well, I don't know how good a business model that would be, but, you know, it's a good idea kind of in theory, I guess. She'd be out in front of my house selling a piece of rock selling like, you know, selling all kinds of people buy it. I'm like, I was getting like microwave anxiety. But one dollar for one banana or $5 for a banana, a bag of bananas for I think there's like, I don't know, eight or 10 bananas in there. I'm like, well, you, it all, you always feel like that. So it's not like he's making his porn like some he's milking a goat. Somebody out there's like, no, I like the equals being bigger. I'm like, this guy's like really engaged with this. Where, you know, like, there's a lot of good books out there. Then the other one is like him starting business and when in back to camp and doing the so it's like that. So I'm like, hey, thinking to myself, man, these guys are going hard for a long time. But that's why in my opinion, like, when I go back to it, I can just go back to it and boom, it's all like in there. Like, you're like, that's your question. I do know how for you people means like three sometimes. It's like the like the oxygen mask that drop down in the aircraft. Like you was like, I had an issue. So it's like, it's like furl索 that you used in the literature. I mean, that was sort of like a, you know, that was the side thing. But yeah, for some reason, I don't know because I make my voice like how you make your voice on wherever. And that's, and what from, I think the reason he wrote that was because that's talking about now from the perspective of like, when you're in the war, you're thinking about those people that they're not even, they're not even affecting them.