And even to me, it kind of seems like even if it wasn't stuff to use like, I mean, man, it's a spectrum, like some, you know, hot like when, you know, on the movie where the criminal, they're chasing the criminal with the dogs and the criminal left part of his shirt or something and the dog sort of smells it. But isn't that like, like I said, like, isn't that like because of intelligence that they had and stuff like there was more to it than just, hey, let's just, yeah, When it was, my experience just like, you know, obviously, it's surprised enough to tell you about it, you know, and just like me, where's like dang bro? Like, especially at first, when you use two of these different, like you're like, what if you came across the results of a bomb and it's like dang So when I tell you like out loud stuff and some of the stuff is like, I just start telling you and just the work of your face and like, I know the answer already. So so offensive is kind of when you think about it, it's just like a mindset, kind of mainly to begin with because it's like a, it's like a forward leaning mindset. Like, all like, I don't know, like, oh, no. It's like that feeling like your enemy has like something in yours, right? So if you're a company, you're like, hey, I think dordidour is the way to go because back in, you know, 75, we were killing, you know, kind of thing. You know what's, you know, so fun is like me, I'm all like surprised. And then just the fact that, for example, like what if in Iraq, you capture somebody or whatever, any has like a pair of like some old army boots or something. It's like, I'm on this, it's on, I'm on this like psychological pat-like. Because this is like, it feels like it could be like this could be funny. Yeah, because you know, when people make a change in their whatever, you know, they make, it's like, what do you actually, your, the first of my heard this over-corrected. You know, so it kind of exposes this element of like, like just immense of individuality of a person. Actually on this particular training exercise, when we were going into the field, it was raining when we got in the field that started sleeping, you know, like ice and that turned to snow. You know, when I do all this work to shift it around, but if I were to just shift it around and be like, that's the new schedule, like I could do it. Yeah, because they seem kind of sensitive too when you think about it, you know, like they're going to sensitive. I was just using that coffee can, you know, like two days ago or something like that. You know, it's just like, yes, yes, like constant. That says that like, you know, she was like overweight Like, because it's like, you just had the whole bill, you know? Because like if you're like, hey, you already got the pull-up bar. I mean, the way I imagined it is like, you know, I don't know, you're in the pool or the bath. You know, so it's kind of like, I don't know. So I had like, and they suggested like the main thing you'd get from a GG tournament and a little cheesy metal and a T-shirt. That's what it's kind of like, when my wife will be like, hey, can you, can you just go later? It's like, man, you know what that, you know what that says? Yeah, so like in your situation that you're like, so if I punch you, I was on offense. And we were rolling for, like, pretty long as far as two guys rolling, and then you're like, isn't it just so awesome when you have your own gym? The like came earlier, which was like, I should really get this done right now. Anyway, I'll text Andy and like, I'm like, hey, I'm heading to the gym in 15 minutes. I mean, yes, but not like you like pull ups. Like, like, a, hey, I went and ran stairs this morning. If they're like, hey, is Gigi to the best martial arm like not even the other options don't even enter. They talk about the generals like West Moreland would say, oh, you know, there's this many people and they wouldn't count the local populace or these local guerrillas as insurgents. Wasn't the fighting from 72 to 75 more like a more like conventional warfare. Well, I'm going to blow up regarding, and of course, I'm not going to be saying, hey, you know, you're showing up late and I'm kind of tired. Other stuff for like, you know, and there's other people involved. And I think one of the things like I said, there's a lot of things that you can take from what Hackworth talks about and we talk about leadership. But like doing a direct action mission where you're going to go and take down a building where you think there's a bad guy, you're offensive when you get to that target. Like when I started kettle bells, I really like that. So like even like you're back to your, um, example, your your missions. Like, because there is not like the gym. Even though you feel like you're on offense and we train our guys to be an offense, the reality is the first shot in those situations is absolutely going to be fired by the enemy. And then you're about someone and you're like, like, dang that's impressive. Like, this is like true. and you want to talk about, you, you like, hey, we know you're 15 minutes. Anyway, so for that to be the case, for a mirror to be a good gift where your dad's going to tell you like, How this has a good gift. And that was always nice about these, you know, a lot of the missions that we did in Iraq is like we were surprising the enemy. Because remember a forced gump when he said that when he's like, Lieutenant Dan, when he made a motorcycle, I'm going to tell you two things or whatever. Well, I, you know, maybe if there's less than like weight, I don't want to get all big. But if the guy were coming at him at night, if the guy were walking in an area he shouldn't be in and had weapons or something like that, the way I trained my soldiers was to react automatically. So that's kind of like, in a way, I don't want to say commitment necessarily because This means good stuff. Yeah, it's going like too far, kind of. And again and then again and then you're like, okay, you know, I'm kind of used to it. And when you think about it, it would make sense because dordidour, like back long time, where a man would be able to come over, they just knock on the door. You know, and to take action like that means that he knew that she was in a way. It must be an odd feeling to find that, you know, like dang they made that bomb out of our stuff. But like, I don't know where to where to do we have mirrors, right? You know, there's kind of like a stigma with that. I told him I was like, hey man, don't tell anyone, but we put some little, we put some little, stick right on. I've had that kind of experience where I saw a guy, where I saw a guy looking through his rifle, looking at me perfectly at what we call a six o'clock sight picture, and he's going to squeeze and you spot yourself going down. Yeah, like if you're going to grab a shirt, rash guard, whatever. And I was like, cool, you know, that's something I don't stuff. I was like, oh, hey, I don't think I was feeling a work ethic into a kid that's five years old. Like let's say you're going for a bad guy. I'm like, hey, you know, And like they just took classes scouted out, you know, and then so you're just ready. Because man, if you look at the number, like, I remember reading something about a bridge that they were trying to take out in Vietnam and they launched mission after mission after mission after mission and drop bomb after bomb after bomb after it's hard. There is going to be sweat and there's going to be hard work and there's going to be discipline. Or class starts at, like, hey, I'm going to roll at 5.30. But I'm like, wait, you know, let me. So it like fits in, you know, it won. And they, they, they, they taught us when I, when I was going through training, they taught us like we weren't allowed to leave anything behind. Even if we don't think we're necessarily lying or something, She's like, you don't want to admit certain things. And it's one of those deals where you know how like when you hear a certain story.