and I mean, kind of in a way, I'm sure there's exceptions obviously, but in a way there's always going to be like some debate, you know, like, like, you know, I'm going to make a generic example, but like you know, if they some turmoil in this country, because the way these people are treating these other people in this country, boom, you have steps in and all this stuff, some, there's going to be somebody debating, hey, like that's their country, that's how they roll, you know, it's like who are we stepping and call them, you know, tomorrow or whatever, when that's how they've been living for thousands of years. I was getting interviewed and the guy's like, you know, that guy's like, well, I mean, what happens when you see it's already it's like, it's like when someone says, well, you know, it's like, and you just want someone says, well, you know what it would do. Like, unless you're one of these super duper quick guys, you know, like everything's going to be more or less telegraphed, you know, if, like if I say, hey, juggle, um, if I know you love the arm lock and you know, go for arm locks. Because this is a lot of the most of the time that's the answer if you have a problem with somebody like not doing it, you know, like just like I just said, but it's the time most of the time what people think they should like, how should I confront this person. On, like, kind of like, it's like they acknowledge and for lack of a spectrum, celebrate the fact that you're sharing space, you know, like, we're both at the grocery store. Like, well, if you just think kind of, I don't know, for lack of better term linearly, like if I'm like, hey, I want to talk with a loosen to my input, right? But every single one seems like we're driving there and if like my wife who is, I think my girlfriend at the time and my brother whoever's driving, because if they're talking about other stuff, I'm like getting mad at them because I'm like, don't you realize our fraternity? Yeah, like almost like a like a global standard needs to be established, you know, that I think that's kind of this. Hey, we should send like, like, you know, like, maybe 12 guys or something. No, but the cash register, the, you know, the waitress, the person behind the whatever coffee thing or, you know, like I always try and just be nice to them because I know that they're probably having a not nice day because when you're the cash register, people are mad at you already, just because there was a line and you could find the discounted chip discounted coupon thing. But like the depth of which like these issues go and the way you got to solve them are like the way it's simplified and broken down to kids or whoever's reading it. Like go Mollons and pull weeds by the way, which if we, you know, we all know that when you did that as a kid, you're like, no, we don't want to do that. Like if you got a situation like a self defense situation, you just disrupted immediately as soon as it starts right you just poke some, you know, stick a pen in their eye and run away right you don't wait for them to grab you and you don't do that. So the, the talking to people that's a big one, like, you know how someone will, you'll have, like, I don't know, social anxiety. But simply, you say, hey, build the relationship right with people like you're like, hey, my boss won't listen to my input or my coworker won't, you know, listen to my strategy, which is awesome and all this. So yeah, if you want to increase confidence, you say, okay, in regards to the talking part, in our TQL, practice talking to people like, if you go to the, like, the store, this is kind of a little mental exercise they do. Look like it looks like your people don't even know where you're exposed to be going. So it's like, you know how it's like, hey, I'm going to go for this arm lock. Like, if we were like 10 years old, you were like, what, you want to take it outside and throw it out. So like you know, when you're a white belt and someone mount to you or even if you mount somebody, you're like going for stuff That's like real deep, you know, that kind of applies to like, you're not a little nice. It's like that idea, you know, and I'm like, I don't behave that way, but that's the thing on my mind. Like, I feel like that's like, and I learned this from you where. And you're like, hey, there's more in there's an ending or whatever that I didn't quite, you know, I was like, dang, that's that's good. Whether you're, you know how like you're standing there in line and you guys are just sort of, oh, you avoid eye contact because you're just on your thing and they're on their thing and we're going to say out of each other's way. Like, I just don't want it, you know, it's like that, it's weird. He could say like here it comes and I'm like, oh, I know it's coming. So this is where we get to, you know, I start thinking of that Soviet stereotypical, like hey, we're just going to hear the numbers plug them in and that's what we're going to do. You know, it's like, well, let's face it like that's why when you get nervous in jujitsu with tournaments or whatever. Like, for one of the like this two face guy you think I'm going to be giving him my respect, my valued coveted respect. And I kind of got it from, like, being in, like, Oregon and sometimes in Hawaii, where, so in Oregon, right? Isn't that like a good tactic or whatever for kids where if they make an honest mistake, you don't just hammer him, you know, you can correct him or whatever otherwise you're not going to want to venture out and do things. Like, for real, wanted to, which I dug by the way, I couldn't engage him because, you know, you know, I mean, just get the knowledge. And I was, at first I was kind of like, you know, I don't know that I need to answer this question. So you're going to lose because to me, I look, I don't just look at it like one hit like that's the end of the game. You're like, hey, because you're just going to state, you've got to create a relationship that I get into the position, you know. What I don't like about that one is it kind of, it kind of says it's saying like what's the number one rule objective? So actually, there's like, I think two more people historically speaking, like the snap back. And he's going to be busing his ass because it's all about him and the team is going to, we'll echo is going to win, which means the team's going to win, which means I'm going to win.