Actually, it seemed like well early on anyway, it seemed like it wasn't creative because you're like, hey, this create like, if I create this super creative name, like, is that important? Or you say, if you want to ego him up a little bit, like, hey, boss, you know, I don't, boss, you know, I don't, I don't fully understand this, you know, as well as you do, could you just help me understand why we're doing it this way? They're like, hey, everybody just going and buckle your seat belts for, my feel a little bit more than, you know, instead of, hey guys, you know, we're going to repel that. And one thing you do is you could ask questions and I've talked about this before, but like, you say something like, you know, hey, boss, I want to make sure that I'm supporting this in the best way possible. You know, like, I have to consciously think about, like, okay, I also need to like, be nice and build relationship with the person that I've don't. So, if you're thinking, you know, this boss is like he doesn't like the quote unquote build Build relationship and like all the stuff. Well, like I legitimately want to know, maybe, you know, what if we instead of assuming that we know better than our boss? If my boss wants me to do it one way and I can do it just a little bit different and no one's going to know and it's going to be all good and our results going to be the better or the same. I feel like a good way too for the don't don't be like, I'm going to put this on and you're going to listen. Because when you think about it from a broader perspective and you know me well enough to be like, the last thing I would do is like, oh, I'm just going to call everything jocco. And I was like, well, you know, like, I said it turns out, you know, they're not, they can't put out Mikey in the dragons before November. And I just don't, I just want to make sure people aren't like, oh, you know, Echo said to just try one move, and then it's going to be easy to break the note. You know, so if you go in and you just go just little digs of like relationship building stuff, but not don't take, don't go in there and be like, hey, did you catch the game last night? And then when we were naming this podcast, I was like, oh, you're like, what do you call him like, jockel podcast? You know, even something like paintball, you know, we do gigs at echelon front when we put people through what we call FTX's, where you go out and you're going to fire. But that's a good, you know, any time where there's something bad happening, like something annoying, something like the line, the line at the DMV, the line wherever. You're like one of the few people who, I mean, I, you know, like that. Because it's like, I don't want to get, like, tapped out for everybody, you know? You didn't like, can I was like, from literally from then on, I had act like I wasn't tired in between. I mean, I've heard that before or where someone would be like, hey, I'm, you know, I'm like this one. Kind of like you got to beat it and, like, show me how strong you are kind of thing. For instance, if you allowed me to design a house, no human being would live in the house except for me and like three other seals that I know that would be like, oh, it's house is perfect. I think I'm going to just only play guard today if, like, you don't like guard. We're going to have people act like bad guys and you're going to make decisions all day long. Because the other way you could try and treat them with respect, respect, but inadvertently you sound like, you know, some people, I just we talk about normal face, right? Like, it's like, okay, well, just it's going to be the tea that I drink. Well, yeah, the boss, I mean, a certain kind of boss, just like a certain girl's going to keep a guy around for that reason. And the other thing is train like, you know, you get your little click of training partners at your gym, start training with some of the other people that have different body styles and different body shapes. You're just like, you know, like, month close. Like remember, and again, going back to like just seen it once. You know, like breathing all hard kind of just, you know, indicating that. I'm like almost like it was going to have some music. And like I said, inaction is some people like any action is better than no action. and then you go, oh, and maybe your boss has some good points that you didn't understand or maybe that opens the door for you to say, hey, boss, the way that this other group is doing it is like this. So in that case, you think of a move that you might notice other people getting a lot, not necessarily on you, but you know, just in general, and be like, hey, that's all I'm gonna do. But what I'm saying is, uh, yeah, like that could be your methodology of your micro, quote unquote micro management style for things like that. And then for you know, when it's in the during game time, it's kind of like you got to make the decision super fast. And then if you do that for, why don't we out say maybe even like three months, maybe in six months, Brian Sergeant was like, hey, yeah, I'm going to do my best to support him and make him realize that I'm going to got the guy that's going to make those objectives work. It's like you haven't getting that experience going through it, you know, it'll improve your decision making. So that way, it would or like, hey, it seems like this should be something I should take care of. Sometimes it's like we're going to fire this guy, everyone loves him and it's going to be a long term down. I'm probably just going to be like, hey, boss, I got it. But like white tea kind of sounds kind of light and like, Dane. Because like, it's a natural thing where like you, when you're, when you're ascending, right? And be like, well, you know, it's a little extreme for Uncle Jake to want to work out that much. Because it's like someone, I mean, most of the time, and it was just a matter of them like never seen it before. Just like, oh, by the way, like it's made America. And everyone else, I mean, when you watch the extremes of either camp right now, it's like, it's like really? Start just look, I'm not going to play guard every time I'm going to come up and I'm going to get this. Yeah, when in Delco, I think that it might be a good idea to have like a what are you going to call frequently asked. And this isn't one of yours where you say like a lot of people and it's like four. And the answer to your phrase, but that like when you're a kid, like, oh, I haven't drinking anything all day. It's like, no, actually people that want to listen to this want to listen to it. It's like just like taking the high ground, right? But it's so very, it's so few people that actually do that the way the way you do even in real life, like in real life. You know, like, how why would he ever fire me even though he's not that good in the job or whatever, right? Yeah, that's one of those just kind of when you're talking about the, the results versus the, the, the method, right decision making, sometimes like the result actually both method and results kind of the value isn't even in the results. But yeah, if you just make up your mind, kind of think of it long term, like I'm playing the long game here, and just only go for that certain move that you want to get. You can, hey boss, you know what, we got it done, didn't quite got to come the same way. He was, I basically said, look, like, like, overall Americans have sort of the same goals. It was actually completely warranted because it really captured like what it felt like. Like, I'm like, hey, go, and you make this. So it's kind of like like mock that. And I would send you a text like, hey, just wondering if you knew about a podcast that was, you know, supposed to come out five hours ago. And she's like, um, well, you know, a lot of people try that. And your kid be like, well, I think we should probably let's know Uncle Jake. Like there's going to be, you have to explain things a little bit more. You know, so maybe yeah, you like to play guard a lot. He's like, he asked me questions, and he's like, they were real questions. And this isn't like, I'm not even saying I'm acting like that. It's like, jujitsu is like, is life. Instead, you know, you look and say, hey, you know what, do you want me to take care of this? And, you know, the Vietnam veterans, the Vietnam drafties compared to the, like, hey, we can talk about that again, we don't need to. Like I saw the, like that series when I was a kid. Oh, it, like, ran over there or something like this. And so that's one of those things where you've got to learn to detach, you're going to learn to pay attention to things that are going on.