Imagine if I said, you know, I'm a little bit like, oh, I'm a little bit like, oh, I'm like, you know, I mean, decent work, you know, not exactly eye grabbing though. yeah because I would think but as far as potential problems you might run into like you know how like on the other ones like you can I get you can relate so you know kind of what to say about it you know and you know we have to remember that we all have dragons to fight so and also remember that this book is coming out on jockel publishing why is that the big publishers couldn't get it out in time for kids to have for Christmas that's what I once I had the book in my mind I wanted kids to have it by Christmas and the big publishers couldn't make it happen because they're big you know they got a lot of moving pieces we're nimble over here you know we're nimble so since they couldn't get it out time I had to kind of like they're a big dragon that's what they are so we got special operations and combat aviators that are ready to go out and do work and we're putting them into companies that need leaders so if you got a company or if you're a vet spec ops or combat aviation go to EF Overwatch and you can get in the game there and if you want to continue this conversation that we're kind of having right now you know it's been kind of a long conversation but if you want to keep it going you can find us on the in a webs on Twitter on Instagram and on Facebook keepo echo is that echo Charles and I am at jockel willink and thanks to all of you for making this podcast possible by all of you I mean first of all the military who protects our way of life and who sacrifice so much for our freedom and our security and here at home police law enforcement firefighters paramedics EMTs correction officers border patrols first responders you know who you are those of you in uniform thank you for your service in protecting us here at home and everyone that listens. Like a lot of the time, like, oh, you know, I, you know, my girl broke up with, I don't know, whatever. and it does help what what does about say about I feel bad because one night this was like two nights ago um she got this new unicorn book kids book I don't know where she got it from school or something like this Because that's the kind of thing that you think about like, like, we know the world sometimes seems like it's having a joke with you. And also, you can, you know, one of the parts in that's encompassed, and that is like, oh, you can actually have fun and keep your sense of humor when you're going through these terrible situations, which people ask me that all the time, like, don't you, do you think it's important to have a sense of humor? so he reads the book and in the book the dragon prints there's the king his dead and the boy is now the only one that will defend the kingdom from the dragons that are over the hill in the dragon cave and the boy is scared because he only seven years old and there's no one he's going to do goes and finds his father's war chest pulls out the shield pulls out the sword they're too big for him and now he's even more scared but then he sees a note in the bottom of the war chest and he picks up the note and here's what it says after he finds this note it says to my son if you are reading this now it means I am gone and you are the one that must carry on our kingdom is now what you must save and to do that you have to be brave I know that you think you don't know what to do but remember that I was once a little boy too That's like a little, a little, like I just a little sub note, a little PS, a little post script. right I'm giving you this information you're you get to flank your kid because your kids aren't going to listen to you not 100% they'll listen to you a little bit but that listen to someone that they some some other person that seems like kind of tough you know that they want to listen to Uncle Jake Uncle Jake starts telling them what to do and they're down totally done and so I had to kind of like stand up to the dragons and we can stand up to the dragons in our own right with this with this book so if you want to help fight the dragons then grab a sword or at least grab a copy and together we'll say the dragons you know also we got Ashlan front leaders of consultancy that's what we do we solve problems through leadership it's me and I kind of evaluate I was like this is a good picture because as like all the kettle the you know the sad it kind of scattered about you framed it out but then he gets the courage to read it because he sees a little boy in there too that kind of looks like he knows what's going on so he sees that little boy he goes how I'm going to read it Yeah, so this is like, you got to sit around, you got to imagine what this is like, that they are the Chinese attackers are literally stacked and piled on top of one another. Because like you know it's like go time the whole time. Like they like exactly like quick does because that quick less faces isn't really that great but the strawberry quick is great. Google Play Stitcher and then leave a little review action so we can have a good time with it also don't forget about the war your kid podcast the warrior kid podcast you can ask kids ask questions to uncle jake and uncle jake tell stories about when he was a kid and where he got his way from where he where he uncovered the way also got the warrior kid so from irish oaks ranch dot com a den's up there he's taken advantage of life It's actually an awesome thing because you can feel like you can, I don't know, to me it didn't feel like I was moving slow. That's like get back on the horse, you know the old saying, like you got to get back on the horse. Like, I'm marked, you know, like, today, I felt better than I felt this whole time. There's many, many apps on your phone that you can be like, hey, I want a triple burger double cheese bacon, bacon avocado and you know what I'm going to grill the onions and I'm going to need that the grass fed. Because I'm thinking, hey, if this guy gets encouraged, he's going to be like, I'm going to do a little bit more, right? It's not like you're going to be like, oh, you're always going to remember. and really I mean a sane it makes it sound like oh like almost more dangerous than a really my point is go on there and look at the workouts first I know just because I've never done it I want you to be like, oh man, I could work a little bit more and work a little bit harder and discipline myself a little bit better. 18 pounds how much do you wait I don't know 18 pounds seems a little like it was like he did it easy and then you got psychological warfare little little album with some tracks to kind of help you push through some of those moments of weakness where you're thinking you just want to eat that donut you don't need to no just don't need to so that'll help you out and we're also making a second psychological warfare album and if you want that then you can uh if you want to if you want if you have a special request for that should I do some stop smoking cigarettes I've never smoked cigarettes I think you should And so the same thing's going on here you got fire flight going on at night you got troops moving around and these guys are getting lit up by their own men. I'm not trying to sound like, hey, I want to die or troops on the front line or like, yeah, And now now I was talking to Brian and Brian's got people are like notifying him that they're getting like the nostalgic memories of drinking Nestle's quick because that's when we're at the strawberry one. so those books will help kids get on the path teach me about this one teach them about hard work teach them about eating right teach them about study habits teach about taking responsibility it's like everything that a kid needs to know to be quite honest whether well this is and this is kind of mean We're the kind of, like, really, really like this, you know. I don't know if there's much, I don't know if it can get much worse than the situation that he was in right there and realizing that his mind was a strength realizing that he had no other way to defend, but his mind had to be strong and he had that little split second thought that he could give up and just let it all go. yeah like if I's all threatened I had no chapter tonight you know she scrambles to you know it's falling line So how we're going to get into a worse situation on this little random little Asian country, Little peninsula, like this won't be a factor. but I don't know I think that's the whole thing that's a whole different game I'm not already done like it's you know I don't want to have to like hit the head in the middle of the speech because I drink like a bottle of water right before I went out there. That, you know, no, like if you get it's not like enressing if you wear gold shoes and rest. yeah this one equals freedom field manual so that book is a good you know what this book's gonna be good for Christmas I know it's only what thanksgiving uh Like sometimes people would be like, hey, I got beat up for, for I don't have. so I'm going to send something like Australia in the winter so keep that on the down low of the year but every every monster we've done is sold out and these are going to sell out too so check extra mornishup.com if you want to get into that game of course now we also have EF Overwatch big subject lots of people The seal teams is like, okay, like we're going to take this amount of casualties. Little kids are like, well, like, kind of surprised if you tell them that. So if you're constantly under the, kind of stress, yeah, the stress of like bullet and all this stuff, it's like you're what it, what you call yourself, preservation. and if you while you're in the subscribe mode then also subscribe to the the youtube channel the jacco podcast youtube channel if you want to see echoes videos which he puts all kinds of time and effort into real super he gets super things but crazy about it it makes everything explode and and and sometimes reflecting off of things and music cello music so that's on the youtube channel and we got some other things planned for the youtube channel coming shortly coming quickly we'll see you know quickly it's really a word that we used a lot back in Hawaii and they were laughing they were laughing at these terrified prisoners and the only didn't like that at the time the master sergeant he didn't like that so he yelled he yelled get up don't let them laugh at you get up And then the other thing is if you notice the fear, he's saying that he didn't have time to be afraid, which is definitely something I felt where like once rounds are being shot, you're not thinking, oh, I'm going to get shot. Illuminating rounds from our mortar section soon lit up the area like a bull park, making the North Korean soldiers look like silhouettes on a firing range. yeah definitely you should have rings if you don't have rings you get them you see I said in my opinion like I just know about the even though you were preaching rings from day one now I'm signed on to the ring how's the big stability while still there's stable bad there's stable overstable So you know, when he gets that, like he gets, you know, I can't even believe, just so everyone knows we are in no stretch of the any sort of imagination. You know, maybe, you know, I don't obviously, I don't go with P and be like, hey, what are we doing this? Like something traumatic, and then they'll be like, hey, I don't want to think about it. That's more of a small picture scenario where it's like, I don't have time to dwell on my guy who just, this just happened to him because right now is this important thing going on. You're actually kind of stoked because you're not have that pressure of your girl weight No, and you at home to like hurry up and get home like no. And the other thing is like, you know, you just got done with World War II, where all this heavy combat. so the warrior kid books one and two obviously get one first because it's a it's a story and it kind of continues and you need to grow and it's going to continue to grow we're going to see this we're going to see young Mark all the way through through high school So because I came up with a mustard by the way, someone thought that it was just, like, focusing on the positives and not the negatives, then they were like, that's false cheerleading. He's like, he's like, I got two words for you, Ewo Gima. It's like kind and not feeling like just, or hey, that this is straight. anyway so the good thing about having it on repeat because obviously we finished or whatever I'm on around two like towards the end of the book and she just knows she knows the answers now you know and it's like he just jumps in and says my turn he does a dead lift that's pretty good kids are good for him by the way yes they do so he does a dead lift on one of the little on it cattle does a smaller one Do you know, yeah, even, like, yeah. And I'm like, well, he's like, yeah, 10. It's like, okay, we're going through the protocol because we, you know, do. It's like when I, you know, when I used to work with MMA fighters, if they were scared of getting knocked out, yeah. But if you're, you know, again, for an extrategic or an campaign, we're trying to make things happen, it's like, yeah, So, you know, some of the other stuff, not quite there yet, but, but actually the first time I talk to you, might be like, hey, you're crushing it. Like veterans they ignored the machine gun fire and got the gun up and got ready. People complain like, I don't feel like working out. Even if first guy captures like okay if I can just make the spring time will be a little bit stronger let the weather just talk about playing the long game. You know, and you, it's like you haven't accepted the fact that you're going to get hit. So eventually, I mean he goes through more hell and eventually gets on a two crutches and then one crutch and eventually he makes it, he makes it out of the morgue and he gets sent back with the rest of the rest of the team and when he gets bent there, like completely missed it, this is a guy that they probably mourned his death because they thought when you go to the morgue you're dead and when he gets back, he's with Doyle and smoke. Even though you hear that, you're like, all right, let's know big deal. And this is when he decides that he's going to try and escape pretty early on and he's got a couple of buddies and there's some confusion and there's some chaos that happens as they're trying to round up the prisoners and he kind of jumps over with a couple of the guys into a little ditch and they cover up with some branches. and I was like how's that all that awesome she guys didn't say it I was like But now, you know, and I look, I'm living, you know, we're living kind of this journey with him in a small way, right? right it's interesting to this one woman came from New Zealand and like didn't get a shout out life was kind of name in some of the countries where people from from and I don't think what we didn't have on the list or whatever we should have done a better job of screening it So when you put it into perspective, I don't know if you can, like, right after this book. Because it's not the kind even if you get the look, you know, there's like levels if you even want to call them that. but I think again I think it's a different game to really like a crew tons and to be addicted to smoking I don't know I've never smoked Wherever you are and whatever it is that you do teachers investment bankers plumbers engineers electricians doctors and nurses and builders and bricklayers and everyone else that is out there making their way like I said earlier it can get hard sometimes that's the way life is and sometimes you can actually hear life laughing at you sometimes oh Alan from yesterday master Alan he stages he stages like when I get up to the podium it's staged and I was like so Well, it goes away like after like seven hours. and I read it because it keeps you on the path so this one equals freedom field manual then you got of course extreme ownership uh which I wrote with my brother Dave Babin which is just universally kind of becoming accepted as a as a as a book that you need to read as a leader and that's followed up by the dichotomy leadership which just came out both those books New York times both sellers both those books number one Wall Street Journal best sellers both those books continue and to be almost less why be it's not that's not through but the big advertising campaign that's just the word a mouth people get it for themselves The strawberry quick is almost a replica and this is is illegal to for me to say this is like comparing the brands or something like no man. This one feels like, oh, that feels like it's last forever. So you know he covers the kick off of the war and what that was like in him kind of getting back in the game. So again, I mean going back to that part of the latrine, that's a little, that's a little footnote you can put in your brain for the rest of your life because we're all going to have bad situations. It looks like it doesn't even look like a mouse. And then by the way, he's got a one, one half of a paragraph, where he's like, oh, by the way, I did 39 years new army. so we're saying it now New Zealand was represented strongly and I signed a book she had to go a chair to do a little like I think she did a coin flip to figure out who gets to go to the monster her or husband she won so I signed books for him And he's like, he's like, bro, come on. Like, what does that look like? You know, whereas me, my instinct is like, I'd rather go at night, right? And even like the death protocol, like here's what you're supposed to do. yeah, like, hey, oh, no, no, I can be a little bit late. And by the way, it's like they've got dysentery and they've got diarrhea. I don't know there's a boiled water and in that then you have to seep you have to seep it put it in the morning I don't drink jockel white tea warm in the morning every morning but there's certain such like at the master What you don't want to do is go overboard and just focus 100% on, I can't believe, that this person's gone, whether they died, whether they broke up with you, whether they, what, you know, I get little, you know, it's funny. It's not like it's not like you're at work. No, like it's playing like the joke is on you.