There was just one time when we were traveling and we were having supplies, hard to keep up with this and stuff, you know, so it was, you know, you know, you know, water, you know, the fuel and you ended up, you know, bathing in bomb, bomb craters and things like that. because all of like you know the the post recording plans they're all still there you know and you're like hey let's train it's like noon at that time so other people were here you know there's the buzz you know the buzz of training You could ask a question, they just would be like, it's a bail, you know, like, wrong, like, well, build your board, but don't, you know, like, don't go nose and and around, you know. yeah that's the only way it should be you know how you like little kid should be on the mulk train everywhere I agree you say that you know how there's like right now you can flip on the news and you can see like obesity in America if everyone just gets on the mulk train will just be like America's now you you're a pro you're a pro you're not a america now you're what happened they're tracing it back to a strange podcast that talked about a a formula that they called mulk and the children they started to drink it and now the children of america are yoked It was just, it was more like, we would watch the shortboard videos, like all the lost videos, you know, and that's what we'd watch, like the Taylor steel stuff, like momentum and focus, like, that's what we watched, but somehow, like, I ended up just being the longboarder in the group, so to my friend, Joe. and but here's the thing when you train that adversity element you're like you kind of you want to do that it's like it's like invited to adversity kind of thing do you know just like how you just said where it's like hey I mean, I saw a M60 tank, you know, you had a 500 pounder around and I didn't, you know, I'll split in half like that, and went off like this, you know, two guys live. And I think just again, as like almost a advice is like what the approach you took was, hey, be humble, be persistent, you know, show up, absorb, don't run your mouth, you know, you want like, hey, can you be my mentor? You know, maybe, I guess I wasn't that, you know, like, I wasn't like a big guy, but I don't know. I was like, I want that, man, because it's like consistent boards every month, you know, 10, 15, 20, 30, who knows what, you know, numbers he was doing, but I was like, that's how you make it. hey I'm going to train jiu jitsu Monday no jiu jitsu Tuesday I'm going to lift Tuesday instead you know like some people have that plan you know where you're not going to do a two-day scenario then yeah don't train don't train twice a day or twice the in a row I don't agree I know you did a bunch of different, like, types of missions while you were there, like, in terms of, you did, like, look, let's just ask you like, so what are the various types of missions that you guys were doing? anymore they know your kid knows ice cream makes them weak they know that and if they don't know that they should you should tell them so let them know that warrior kid mulk it tastes delicious This is still crew back then holding it down and I'm like, hey, man, you're going to get your kid heard out here and like this like like 55 barrel drum like sits up and just looks at me. And we know they're not good for us, but you're like have you like like you're like No, it's just a few croutons. so I will vouch for that that is a factual thing that will happen you don't feel like it I will mix up you know I'll mix up all the kind you know when I don't feel like going yeah that's exactly what I was thinking that whole thing where you know it's kind of going in circles with the thing where it's like you should never be unhappy or not want to train you know kind of scenario Yeah, we ran into a lot of places like bunker systems, stuff that they had wires and, you know, for communications and things, you know, but, yeah, the mines, I was in a situation where two tracks in front of me, we, we take this another fire fire fire, we created and stuff. and we picked up the glosser polisher there and also the fin laminator guy John that puts the fins on so it's really become this like real tight crew and again, legends beyond me, I mean these guys have been building boards for 40 plus years, I just happen to be the kid that's given him foam, you know, so really super thankful and Dave runs a super tight ship, you know, there's not there's no money in glassing so if we can squeak out 20 bucks a bore that's what we're doing so we're trying to change it though but slowly everybody needs to do it together, right, every shape or every glass shop needs to work together And, you know, it's like, this, it's a small little, it's a small little, you know, indication of, hey, like you said, we're not better than you. Oh, I did, you know, I wrote this board with this fin set up, and I mean, that's the first 10 minutes of any conversation with him, not like, oh, however the waves, he's like, no, but I really, you know, he's just to see somebody at 77 is stoked as a 14 year old. And then they put me through, um, NCO school, which is, because they need a lot of, you know, you know, you know, so did you get it like maritory of the advanced to become an NCO or? You know, we're going to move, you know, we, we keep, keep the ability to move back and then we're reading in advance, you know, I mean, you got to think about that. Yeah, you had your quiet time to stuff you could listen to the cassette, you know, at least here's a voice or you get a care pack as you're something, you know, it's got some good cookies in it from home or something like that. The one was the escalation, looking like in terms of going from where, you know, you start Josh Hall surfboards to where, I mean, you know, obviously when you start off, you got to sell some of the boards. And Pete you know Pete's like a sick athlete you know what I mean like if he played football and he basically runs it, I just make sure that there's foam there organized, hopefully by Tuesday at noon every week because that's when we start batches, but so that, so Jeff had given me a year to kind of like, suck it out because there's no, I can't just go higher, somebody to laminate color, tint jobs, you know, I can't go, so we started putting the word out, started with my sander Wade who was working at Diamond, glassing and who's also a fry guy and so we've always gotten along and he was, well, I know, one, so he kind of put us onto a laminator and then I knew a guy that could sand and also do fins You know, I mean, it's like, you know, you got big guys, small guys. it might as well just be good for you because it has peanuts in it like brother it's like just chocolate and caramel you know like these things are not good for you I just, you know, and then what, what he could afford to get me to, you know, my first board was a broken and half guy talking along board that got fixed at Island Surf, you know, and that's what I wrote. exactly and then you finish and you're like man I can't finish like it's not you know the dude when he called diminishing returns You know after about halfway down I don't like the words say she ate it you know what does it mean that you don't like the word say she had it sounds kind of like weird well that's my grandpa he's like I don't care if you disagree you got to listen to somebody because they might have something that you don't for maybe they put it in a way you didn't think of well you can grow from that I guess to your point what as I just said hey if you're out there and you're in a more senior position reach down and help people out and if you're one of the young bucks out there then like Josh just said open your ears and have a listen because people got some good information for you and they can point you in the right direction so you don't have to learn the lessons the hard way there you go but I think it kind of crept up on you like if you would have known like I know to the scenario you'd be like And a couple of those guys said, hey, you know, I, you know, try to go to the, the, the Dell, you know, so I went down there and they go, what do you do? yeah, you know, before you know, you know, I was working to cabinet shop and then after that, I was building houses and, and then, uh, I worked for the gas company, uh, in the 80s. If I had my own little, you know, year under ground bunker and stuff, you know, because we took a lot of artillery at night and, you know, the rocket fire and everything. You live on the track with them, you know, you live in, in, in the groups, the sergeants, you know, we will get together and we'll have meetings and stuff, you know, and guys will be out on the tracks, clean, whatever they're doing. but you should never be in what I was thinking of you should it should never be like this hard like grind to the point where you're unhappy you know like no one should be on that be trained never a great thing You know, that was my big R&Rs and stuff, you know, but, uh, you know, a few people go to Hawaii. So three and a half years ago, again, Jeff McCallum, he left that one factory room back in 2009 and then that's when I went and shaped in a, in a garage in that same complex that skips in, he goes, hey, man, and he had this shop for five years ago, hey, I'm going to get out of this and, you know, the owner or whatever, you know, it's something to go on down and end of his leesey goes, I'm going to go try and buy a building. And he doesn't, you know, I got, I got burned by somebody or something like that, you know, and, and took some of his shapes and I don't really do that. Where, you know, I've got two hours where, you know, I'll go here and sure enough, you know. They were, you know, teaching you use all the weapon systems, and then you know, you know, prepare yourself for what's going on. You know, it's kind of like, you know, Johnny ain't got the gun. I didn't, you know, after, you know, the divorce and stuff, you know, I was just wandering. but I don't actually feel like when I was competing in a head like a competition like goal like I would feel that sometimes Kids like like like like me now, and he's filled in their first second third, tenth board. yeah awesome all right thanks for coming on guys thank you appreciate it thank you and we'll see you in the water all right at this point our guess Dave and Josh Hall have exited the building and awesome to talk to them and wrapping it up there you know talking about sharing what you know So would you, would you want to maybe take this over and I was like, oh, okay, well, and my business partner Dave, he and I have been talking for maybe six or seven years and how he, he's obsessed with surfing, but he comes from like the finance world, you know? Hey, can you be my, it's like, yeah, you know, hey, can you mind if I just sit over here and just watch like So after that, it was like the track lasts for like, if you've powered it on, it's like 32 seconds of, of, broad like that flying out. So you're busy doing this, you know, and Jimmy's gone, Johnny's gone, or, you know, you don't know until you get back to base camp, whether you made or not. You know, so you can get them back to base camp, whatever, you know, and then or they overcome, you know, but what's bothering them. and and I see you and your kid like just in like the danger zone and this, this is before got really crowded with, you know, kind of the beginner surfers. And, you know, the ants and the swamps and the, you know, the water and the rain and, you know, and all this. I would like take boards home and dig repair and, you know, you know, hack on my friends boards and charge them 20 bucks. And he's like he's like, he's like proud on the more in you in he's born You in with like the smiles And so they sort of fished around, like, hey, you know, Josh Hawkes coming to Japan wants to get a distributor to start, you know, doing some real business. I mean, radio operations, you know, commanding controls and, you know, things like that. so If you want to get the book Mikey the dragons please order it ASAP and we're gonna my goal is that everybody has it As soon as possible definitely want to get it to everyone by Christmas because I know everyone wants to get this book for their kids for Christmas Yes book review echo Charles excellent because yeah, so I'm mentioning this before that's like okay, it's a good one. You're a great example, you know, of a guy that not only said, okay, hey, did you want to go to Vietnam in 1968 getting pulled out of, you know, going to college and skiing and surfing? And so, like I said earlier, you know, if you had known this beautiful place, you know, if it wasn't for the war, it'd be great. So you can get some of that and if you have suggestions recommendations If you want to know how you should do something sure or not do something Yeah, refrain Yeah, let let me know and we'll see if it makes the cut Yeah, it's Danny fun super fun to do like it's as far as an activity like with your kids reading to them, you know There's something added there with all the rhyming Which was like a little, you know, go over the bridge, but on your, your day is done, I know. and I'm like ah what you charge more you're worth more you feel boards for you know this guy this guy and for 35 years like come on don't be because they're scared they go and you know part of this is me Cuz okay, so I'm reading where the warrior kid marks mission the second time around right Second time around are you read it before you know all the words so I start getting into it turn on the theatrics with the kids right? And you know, and we went out and surf really fun PB like for a couple hours, like a really good session. and then you know the whole retro Phenomenon where it like that's brought a back style emerges from something you know thing And he, I mean, my words aren't going to do him any justice, but he's sort of the kind of, one of the last guys from, that say, the Golden Era, you know, that mid to late 60s, it really designed and served and tested, and, you know, and would go back and redesign and retest, and of that era that's still around. You know, growing up and it was a decent size day and like, you know, caught away So what you can do like we just talked about with Dave Hall and Josh Hall what you can do you want to help out a kid Go on Amazon Go to your local book seller and get that book and give it to a kid bring it to their classroom Whatever it's gonna help kids out and it's gonna help kids out a lot Speaking of giving If you want to give the gift of discipline to someone that you know get him the discipline equals freedom field manual I wrote it Like, literally, they remember seeing the third row watching it and he was with me and my friend Joe, and it just was like, whoa, and just that kind of sparked, I think, the style of, like, that's how we want to surf. And this is what this is what you know, it did and it's like oh, you know yeah then I mean Josh just to see you know what you've taken from your dad and how you've turned that into a business and you've found your way you know different people are out there But that, you know, just like by watching and doing watching and doing, I don't know. So, would you have to pay attention to guys to make sure that, I mean, you know, you're in that sustained combat, making sure that guys weren't getting to a point where, you know, they needed to break. if you're I don't know so or whatever situation you and you don't want to go 10 12 rounds so just get some movement and go four rounds boom you just went to that voluntary you know place into your jiu jitsu seems same so it should unless then on top of that it depends on who you are I'm going to be voluntary place Yeah, like he knows even us like this baccala vine all this like to be a shit stuff Yeah, we do that's where the videos are posted sure you can see Dave Hall you can see Josh Hall you can see what everyone looks like you can see what echo Charles looks like you can comment About the size of echo Charles's arms and about how echo Charles does not look like his voice And sure enough, well, you know, the shockwave came and that track's rattling around and we're going, whoa, I got, you know. and those are that's like an anomaly that's not not a planned part of training you know to get your elbow straightened out and kind of slightly micro injury situation or and this is only if that's the plan so if you're like but they work hard like you know like good Americans do And so I just kind of want to enter Dr.y. model, you know, what would be a good representation for me to learn, you know, want to surf your style of boards. Good, nice young kid and stuff, you know, but you couldn't shoot somebody Monday and, and, you know, so I grabbed the gun right out of his hand and shot the guy. I actually worked this, I tried to work a summer at the Dell as like a valet, Greater at the beach village, but it was like eight hours shifts till three in the morning and then I'd wake up, you know, from not sleeping. Yeah, so thank you If you want Mike in the dragons Then please order it now so that I know so that I can get it to you as quickly as possible and I apologize That is gonna take longer that is my fault for underestimating how Fireed up you all would be in ordering that book I apologize and what I'm doing to correct it is ordering Enough to kind of like the tea when the tea came out we didn't order enough tea and so I ordered more and then that still wasn't enough Well What do I like kid then you gotta go, but that's like one of those specific ones like ketchup too How much sugar is in catching a lot? there's also we just made a discipline go it's a it's a go pill it's got discipline sometimes you don't have time to drink the entire discipline you have done to mix it you gotta get a little expedient hit a little go a little hitter on the go so you can just pop some of the discipline go pills little little nitropic action little bit of caffeine get your good that get that little bit going get you a little bit going Let's start a new company, we're 50, 50 liability, everything, investment, you know, I don't know, I go profit, all that stuff, I go, I go, sure, but here's how it's going to be set up. He's not like he's not like he's some jerk guy out of shape doesn't know capability Yeah, you know, and people helping you in stuff, you know, and they go, because I didn't, I was lost. But the way just going and watching and talking and having him show me this, I would go home and literally repeat that step, you know, so it was kind of like, it wasn't until later on that we started kind of building. And you know, just because the board, oh, it looks like it might be like it. And so for like the next two and a half three years, like every day was surfing with skip and watching him like that's just what went down. I wasn't like, you know, like I said, I didn't really pay attention to it. So it was legit, but we were like these young kids, you know, like pretty, that was it. It's too much man when was less than me had like a regular like milk shake I don't know probably to prime monitor too. As soon as I think I'd be busy enough, like a light and paint rent and, you know, all my stuff, yeah, right? And a lot of times people view the military, you know, especially, especially when they see full metal jacket where it's, you know, the general sergeant yelling for 45 minutes in the movie, or the general sergeant, the yelling for 45 minutes in the movie, they think that's what military leadership is. Well, you had to go through the process and get, you know, to go to the draft floor now, like, like, did that and then came back. Anyways, I felt, I felt asleep in class one day, you know, and we were getting, it's getting towards like Christmas time, and stuff everybody's going to get to go home. They got more, we, they got more verbal about like, hey, no, there's a bad guy down there and, and, and the, the momentum shifted towards the local populace just being like, hey, we're good. I think Joel was telling me that he could be like, he'd like look at the weather and he'd be like, oh, you need to go here at 230 in the afternoon. yes you should you should be like you know what I don't feel like doing this I'm doing it