And so, as these things arose, you know, one of the guys who is, or was, is it, employee of the organization now, and so it was a currently an active duty radar at that time, it was like, hey man, like, we're starting this nonprofit to help guys, like, if you need anything to say, say so. And so I know that, so everybody else that we were, you know, everybody else in our team now are like the 90 to 100% guys, and so, um, I'm trying to be more like that, and not even think about it, because if, if this doesn't work, got it. So it was thoroughly humbled and then as I was kind of, you know, coming to the realization of what I wanted to do with my life, what now, you know, had a mentor of mine who I really respected, who was a Marine Ranger and said, you know, Derek, like, I can help you try to get in the Marine Corps. And so on, her out province, guys are, you know, walk around with just a pistol and driving on motorbikes and, you know, drinking tea and hanging out, no helmets like, you know, not getting shot at, very, very, very different experience than, then where we were. But, but yeah, I know that's a, that's a good point, and that's, well, you heard me say it because you kind of referenced it a little bit, you know, I always tell guys that you need to find a new mission, whatever that new mission is, you've got to find a new mission. And just like Buds has right like, oh, yeah, you know, I bet back in the day, those new Marsock instructors like no one's getting through my course. And I guess, so that's part number two and what these two things reinforced to me is, you know, what, like, there's so much going on that, that I don't see that, that, because you know, I hadn't been injured like that. And then, in a moment, you know, if I can't figure out how to make this guy like me or this G-Force commander, you know, execute this mission with me, like, I'm on the bubble, right? He's going to be perfect regardless because he's such a like, like boom, high achiever dude from day one, you know, so, you know, J.P. is a loose cannon. Yeah, but, uh, I'm always, I've always been like a versatile guy, not like the, you know, execution like the 100% I'm the zero to 90% guy, not the 90% 100% of the money. And so those are the two things I think that every day, even to this day, continue to push me forward is like, you know, setting out on the mission and the vision that I want to achieve in the purpose for my life and taking advantage of every day because, you know, it's an opportunity. So when I come home, I just know that like she's been just getting run around and thrown at yelled at cried, you know, diapers like the whole thing. We have a, like, a, like, a, you know, just like you guys have the Trident. And for us, you know, we were able to, as long as we met certain criteria and, you know, able to justify it, we're able to drop cast where we needed to, you know, which was very different. This is an authorized all that kind of stuff whereas the army's like, you know, army without hey, you know, I'm in the single team's man. No, I would have guys ask me that, you know, guys, once I was back, what I was still in, because you know how am I supposed to get guys fired up to do this mission when it's all we're going to be doing is drinking tea. And I could see his face getting a little bit, you know, like, like a little bit of a little bit of strain in his face. So we kind of, it's just the way, you know, it just seems like if someone was a Marine already and then they made it through that first course and now they show up at this course, it seems like that's, that's a lot of hoops to jump through to get to there and then quit. Like, if we do a better job of selecting guys or get more guys starting or whatever else, right, like, if the output is a trained operator and we need these guys, then was there any part of that training that you thought was hard? I mean, I get that because, you know, in this whole teams, we have the same thing like, like, people will rally around and make stuff happen. so I think that one of that's a good comparison, you know, just from hearing him tell his story about, you know, what his recovery was like, and it was. And so then they just kind of, you know, put the spotlight on me and, you know, put me, put me on the bubble right because like, you fail anything and you're done. But inside, and you know, even though I was like, man, that, you know, you got to be better than that. The work up cycle, I think was probably similar to, you know, with the seal teams that done where it's, you know, you come back, you go back and immediately guys are shuck out to schools, individual training, and then come back to collective training, and then deploy. The first time it ever entered my mind when I was researching what your medical devices are and I was like, you know, how ignorant am I, you know, to be sitting here and never even thought of that. Yeah, I don't know if you ever know a guy named Jake Schick, but he was on here and he told his story, and that's like, that's what it was. Like we've put all of our, you know, this is what we raised money to do, you know, we haven't, we don't, we can't knowingly devote a minute of time to anything else until this is successful. And we had a lot of resources to do that when it was, you know, the intelligence assets that we had at our disposal, you know, as a captain in the Marine Corps had assets that were, like, more than a Mucamander. Like you said, like moving a family, helping to pay for the movement of a family, helping to redec, you know, get furniture for the new apartment. We were flew in on a helicopter into the giant dirt field, which, you know, we were bouncing CYR and, you know, setting up fire plants, catches and everything, just to get, you know, everything squared away. And he was like, yeah, well, you know, like at night, I mean, I, I take my legs off And it's one of those things, you know, there's no worse feeling for me than that feeling of like, oh, if I fail this, this is like my whole life dream done and destroyed. So you just see, so like, you know, you're going into your first sergeant and they're like, Where's your skippy shirt? So if you, you know, like for all those young motivators out there, they want to become a Marine or become a Marsak, like, first step is just become Marine. Yeah, I know there were guys that were going over to do it and they would ask me about, you know, what do you think of this? You know, like little things like that that really matter. It's hard to understand if you never experienced it, but if your body is numb and nothing works, then, you know, and so, Like, totally knew that that was the case and didn't know how long it would last, but I knew that that was what the issue was. And obviously, the rest of the guys, you know, but bunch of kick-ass guys that, like you said, I mean, just incredible heroism across the board from your team. And then as we get on the bar, they're like, okay, it might be like 48 and by the time we land, they're like, we're not sure what you're getting out. And as part of that too, you know, there's just like everything growing up right like we're growing up as an organization. Like my legs are really hurting and, you know, like, yeah, guess what? And, you know, it just makes me feel like there's so much, there's so much more that, you know, you go through on a daily basis that we and me, I completely take for granted, a completely take it for granted. and I got a crawl around and if I got to pull myself up on the toilet, I got to pull myself in the shower and like if there's not handles and stuff, you know, it sucks. It was the second time he came down here and we like hung out more because you know, he came down for a little bit more time and we were a little bit tighter. You know, we see like a fist fight, a knockout, drag down fist fight between two girls that are age, whatever, 12 and 14 over a piece of wood, because firewood is like gold there because they just don't have wood. So is this multiple, multiple villages in like an area that you're providing security for that these Afghans are providing security or is it like one big, like larger village? Yeah, that's that's in so instead of having to deal with that and the insanity of it, you know, just tell her hey, we got your flight for you to like get on the plane, you're good. So it's like, you know, like, okay, your brother or whoever. And I think that's something that, you know, I think about a lot today, especially when we talk about Millennials and everything else and they get a bad rap, but everybody knows what they're joining the military to do, like, and some men and women run to the sound of the gun, and some don't. And so at that time, due to the successes of people like yourself and the other people that had fought in Romadi and turned the tide of the battle, we were consolidating and basically, you know, withdrawing a lot of the combat power. Yeah, I think they have to play those games with you because you're going to fail in other situations once you get to the, to the teams, you know, you want to, you do want to see how people are going to do it fair. It wasn't solely out of patriotic duty and every, you know, and those sorts of things it was because, you know, I'd already got in, I'd wanted to play the cross there. Like, I've got good parking most of the time, you know. And if you're smart, obviously, I mean, I always tell people just going infantry or kind of since humans, because, you know, if you want to be a radar and you want to go do those sorts of things, those skill sets are much more applicable. And you know, you're proof of that when you were over there and you guys were, I'm sure doing out civil affairs and, you know, that type of thing is that basically what you were doing. And I was the only injured, one of the only injured guys, you know, recovering around normal people because I wanted to be like that. So just to give people a little bit of a visual on that, a needle D compression is when you're, when somebody's going to take a, what, like a 14 gauge needle or something like that. But well, you kind of can anticipate that you're son or daughter that you're reading it to or the person reading the, you know, if they're reading age, they're going to like Danny Rinehart. And he's like, oh, yeah, you know, I was feeling pretty good today, I guess. And he gets marketing and branding and just the basic, you know, title right like you've earned the title of Marine and within the special operations community, you're in the title of seal and green bra. And so you learn web and systems, you learn, you know, all different kinds of basics, million of tactics, everything you need to be able to lead a rifle tune in, you know, infantry battalion. And so there's no, it's just, and they teach, you know, when you get to land more free, teach, you learn some basic time, but the diving that you learn is just so, so, just, just easy, like looking back on it's just the easiest possible things you could possibly do diving. If it might kind of mess up like jam up someone's new year a little bit, if they try and get on the path like for Christmas. There's so many things going on that, like, oh, you know, he's doing okay. But that's just a basic evaluation to just get the shot at going to like, you know, go into our training course. Like the first two weeks that you're going through boot camp or whatever, don't be mad because it's just like, it's going to be a shock to your system when you lose all that freedom that you've had.