If you want to get yourself to a position, like, my, my, my, my, my, it seems to me that you're making a distinction between discipline and strategy, like, you know, and, and, and, and, and, like, impulsive moral responding, you know, like, let's say that you are in a situation where you have a boss who's intolerable, and maybe what you'd like to do, you know, the resentment has built up over five years, and you'd like to go in there and, and yell at him and tell him everything you think. They were ordinary men, and they were brought, and they had a commander who had made an explicit case that if they weren't able to tolerate the conditions in Poland that they could go home, so there was no top down order that you had to do this or else, and then they were, you know, first of all, they started rounding up, well, mostly Jewish people men between 18 and 65, and then, you know, they started to participate in the entire atrocious mess, and they were, they ended up many of them taking naked pregnant women out into fields and shooting them in the back of the head, and what the author does is outline how that happens to you, you know, one step at a time, and so it's a really horrifying book, and it's a brilliant book, because there's no attempt to make the perpetrators like some creatures that aren't human, like just pure psychopaths, and of course, in a situation like Nazi Germany, and in the horrors of the communist states, there was no shortage of places for psychopaths to prevail, but that's not really the issue. Like those guys, they're people, and I think that key thing of reading it and going, man, every single person, like when you read about these, you're talking about millions of people that were tortured, died, murdered, every one of those people, key word as people, every one of those people is a person, and to your point, every single one of those executioners, every single one of those murders, is also a person. I watched one of their videos yesterday and it's kind of an older one too, but it made me like love origin even more because it's like you'll see you know the people that make up and all the ladies there and then pee like he has like longer hair and stuff like that. Well, it is, there is this like it's like, you know, if there's something satanic at the bottom of this, you know, mythologically speaking, there's also something that's like a cosmic, it's like cosmic black humor. And you know, like you can imagine that, you can imagine a dark night, you can imagine the winter, you can imagine the alcohol, you can imagine the rage that fuels these people who are drinking too much in the pubs that have been sitting there for the last 20 years like what would you say eating up their own souls with resentment and bitterness and then someone comes in and says you're the true victim here and here's the people that you can go after. And that was, so when I was talking to this group, and I'm getting, and I said to them, I said, you're looking at me like, right now, like, I'm like, I don't know what I'm talking about. And what socializing it's indeed was scour his conscience and try to put himself together, partly because he was shamed, he was a shamed of himself in the face of these extraordinarily extraordinary people who seem to be able to keep their moral compass under circumstances where no one should ever assume that they would keep their moral compass because certainly, like I said, when I was reading this the Gulag and other books like that, I never assumed that if I was in those situations that I would have been one of the people who kept their head and were able to withstand the temptation to become a trustee for example and to take things the easy way and to lured it over the other prisoners and to adopt that position of authority. Right, and so it's one of the greatest books written about what happened in the Second World War, I think, on the end of the atrocity end, because the author does such a lovely job of, well, it's a strange way of putting it in this context, but it's about this police battalion that was moved into Poland after the Germans went through and occupied the country, to establish order like police do, but also to participate in the mopping up, let's say, that was part and parcel of the war, and these were ordinary policemen, middle class guys, most of whom had been educated and socialized before the Nazi propaganda machine really got rolling, so they weren't like Hitler, youth types. and I guess you're, that's what I was trying to say with when we started this conversation, I was trying to say that it's like you're watching this, like like you said, it's like a bad comedy movie. If you don't know what echo Charles looks like or if you don't know what I look like, you can watch the YouTube channel. I mean, he was a very weird, mystical sort of person, you know, and he made claims or some of his characters to it, but on his behalf that, you know, not only are you responsible for everything you do, but in some sense you're responsible for everything that everyone else does too, and you know, obviously there's a way in which that isn't true. So while you were going through that, I was thinking myself, so I was talking to I still talk to military folks, and I was talking to some military leaders young leaders, so like platoon level and company level leaders, so these are guys that are in charge of, you know, 40 guys or maybe 150 guys. Again, just going back to this idea of what you get out of reading, because people ask me to ask me to, because I read books all the time on my podcast, and what you just said, it struck me as something that's... People have told me, I read that book before, but I didn't really get out of it, what you got out of it, and when I heard you read it, I was saying, how did I... And you can see what people look like if you don't know what Jordan B. Peterson looks like. It's like the whole, the whole book and the whole Soviet Union, when you read about it now, it seems like it seems like a bad joke. And yet, that's not only did it happen, there was like a contest to top the absurdity, you know, to, to, to consider the engineers, for example, records is, well, these people were building the, so the, it's system to the degree that it was built, and then to turn around and accuse exactly those people of being the ones who destroy and undermine it. Okay, so imagine you get a village, and now there's a bit of a socioeconomic pyramid, and there's some people that are doing well, and they're really, and there are, and it isn't the crooked people that are really annoying, though people who, like the genuine cool acts, let's say that that small percentage of psychopathic types who were basically profiting criminally off the efforts of others. But when you pick it up, it's like, it's like, when you pick up your friend, you know, or your kid freaking in the way 70 pounds. You probably, I'm assuming you don't either, maybe you do, I don't know, but when Pete posts little like videos of the close, you know, close up of the buttons, the jeans. And then the next question is, well, what does it mean about how you should conduct your life, and one of the things that, I mean, I think what happened to me when I read all this material in the 80s was that I became convinced that there wasn't anything more important to do in the aftermath of what had happened in the 20th century, than to try to build people who were responsible enough as truth-telling courageous, responsible citizens, so that the probability would increase that if they were in a position to make a terrible choice that they would make the right one, and I would say this lecture tour that I'm doing, which is now extended over more than 100 cities, is an extension of the same thing. You know, you think about the rape, for example, or just the theft or but it's the rape that you can really think about as as absolute revenge for all that bitter resentment all fueled by the fact that, you know, you'd sat there for the last 20 years being completely goddamn useless and bitter hatred and angry and and and and fantasizing about the day that would come where you'd have your opportunity. If now, I guess it's easy to look from the outside and say, hey, if I was in this prison camp, my gut instinct is like, okay, jok, or you know, you've been through these kind of things before, play the game. Yeah, I feel like it's like origin denim they make it, you know. You know, it's like, one of those, like, that's not good. And that's horrifying in a nihilistic sort of way, but there's another kind of horror that's more associated, I think, with the horror of Hellfire that was characteristic of the medieval Christian view is which is something like, and if you strip it of its metaphysics, it's something like, no, you don't get it. Okay, so now, so there's the village, and you've got your people who are doing all right, and then you've got a huge strad of people who aren't upset about the people who are doing well, they might even admire them and be happy that they're around because they're making the community thrive and growing some food. And, you know, Lave will tell you, his expectation was that I was going to be like, you're right. You know, it's like it's like a head slave among slaves. It, it, it, it, it just can't, it's, it's, it's like it's like it, it isn't like Dante's in front of. You know, it's like if you don't tell yourself the truth about what your situation is, it's going to be problematic. That's worth seeing because it's, it's very interesting because one of the things about that movie is that it captures that surreal element because it's a black comedy, you know, and, and there are comical things happening in the movie in that terrible dark way, constantly, at the same time that in the background genuinely terrible things are happening. And that's something you also get out of Victor Frankl's book, Man Search for Meaning, you know, and so the Gulagar Capalago is a story about horror in some sense, but it's more a story of the triumph of the fundamental triumph of the human spirit, and perhaps no more perhaps most evident in the case of Solge Nitz and himself, because he memorized this book in some sense while he was in the camps, and then wrote it under extreme duress afterwards, and it's an immense undertaking, and it's unbelievably emotionally intense, the entire book. Like, and you see sometimes people who develop like psychotic depression. If you've never seen Echo before, but you've only heard him, he probably doesn't look like what you think he looks like. We were just looking at your Mikey and the Dragon's book, and you're trying to lay out a psychological pathway that guides people towards responsibility and courage and truth, and all of that, and that is the bulwark against tyranny, actually at the individual level, and we kind of know that in the West. And they're going to make really good solid leaders, like they're going to be great leaders. Like if my boss, if you're my boss and you tell me to do something, that's, I don't believe in, or it's like a bad plan. It's like oh man, this kind of more of the beginnings of origin, you know, anyway, I thought it was good. So it was like, you know what, I'm going to test it. You know, there's probably in a group of 40 people, there's going to be one guy in there who's proclivity in that direction is sufficiently strong so that you better keep an eye on him. You'd think, you know, when you, when you take a comedy, one of the things, one of the ways you can make people laugh is to take something ordinary and maybe make it much more extreme in the more extreme. You know, it's delusional in some sense, but there's another way in which it actually is true, you know, and so. And they were, they, you know, he did in the earlier parts of the book when he starts going through the trials that they were doing on people. So like, well, imagine that you have to sacrifice something to set the world right while you do obviously because you have to give up things now in order to make things better in the future. It's like, okay, how many things are there like that? And so they had been emancipated, and then some of those people who were emancipated, got a little bit of land, and started to have a life, you know, it started to be successful pezons. Like maybe you come from a working class background, despite the fact that you're like a straight male. Just like if you don't have people on your team above you or below you in the chain of command that tell you the truth, that's going to be problematic as well. You just can hardly believe that someone can write at that white-hot intensity for such a long period of time, and, you know, his book had an unbelievable global impact, I think it's sold 30 million copies, and it definitely, for at least a reasonable period of time, made it completely untenable for utopian, resentful utopian intellectuals to ethically justify their radical leftist collectivism.