You know, like some people, they'll be like, oh, I'm going to, you know, like, I'm doomed anyway. It's like when people throw around the word trees and, you know, you know, you know, how like when when people get into political debates, oh, around, oh, that's treason. It's like, you know, I can't think of an example, you know how someone will like, he'll say, I don't know, a cable actually, you know what it was? It's not helpful to, you know, or people don't like his ideas or whatever, like for a specific reason, you know, rather than identify the reason, they just like package them up and put a ugly bow tie on it. Like it wasn't like, hey, give me your like, hey, you know, yeah, yeah. Like maybe you're like, I got a job and you're like, like, I might get that promotion. And then they go in and they're like, okay, it's like, you know, like, I made the analogy of the guy on major league, right? Whenever, yeah, but also, like, if I can hope I can live, then that can make you like, like, fight a little bit longer. Well, yeah, I mean, you're going to be a, you know, and it's like, hey, this guy looks like he could be a travel or something. That's like, you know, but like, yeah, but think about this situation. I could be, if I have a different attitude, I could be like, why, why fight it kind of thing, but death, impending doom, you know, just kind of take its course kind of thing. Because right, if you have no hope, you can be like, well, I'm just going to just going to kill myself. Or maybe it's the kind of, you know, how here, you'll say, like, hey, he's, he's in a ledger, you know, before you're proven in the court of the lock, maybe you're in that window. And I said to him, you know, we were kind of like, you know, Dakota's so good to go and so awesome. And I was like, you didn't, I mean at that point, I'm like, you just, you know, you lost your whole team. And it's like, well, or even like everyone's going to read this book. It was going to be like really good like produced video. You know, kind of thing, you know, like, Like, if I want to be out, like if I want to escape, not that I want to do the escape or take escape tight actions, it's just, I don't want to be there. So it's like, yeah, if you hope you'll get part in and you hold onto that hope, but you get let down, it'll create, you know, it'll drive you insane. And it's like, I see what you did there, you know, and each one, but it's like, you're just being funny. Then believe me, I mean, I saw plenty of people like act like that in the military, and they were hated by their troops. And then, but whereas if you're like, hey, you're not getting promoted, you be like, all right. and I'm just looking at you like, like please get the hint that my face right now means stop. Hey, I got no hope, so I'm just going to lay here and like, I guess that's what you were saying. Depends on what kind of strength to, I feel like, I don't know, hope of what to do in a life or life. So it goes through whole, like this first chapters, it goes through from like the revolution all the way through after the war. You know what you, you know, I think the thing is here, you got to pay attention as a human to what the hope is doing to you. So it's like, and then if you're in a bad situation and you're like, well, I hope I can make it. I'm not going to be like, hey, you know. Every time you, like, you say something like that, how are we trying to think of some rebuttal? And I got a book in the in the queue that's probably going to get done, which we're going to approach this thing right here. It kind of like how Pete guys how they brought back like. Like if you hope you'll get out or you hope you're going to get part into whatever his situation was. It was like, they were flagging people like that. You know, how like people they did, they're just mad because they got to take it. Like, because a lot of people were saying, you know, you just, for some reason, I went to Brisbane, Australia. I'll like it way less, like I won't. And so it's pretty easy to read, because it's not, it's just very, it sounds like somebody's telling you a story is basically what it's like. This is, you can't, I was having trouble, and I think even Jordan, like we were trying to get explained that this is like a sick comedy. You know, it's like you have kind of less hope. He's like, oh, I got to go save the, I'm going to go run across open field, whether it was machine gun fire coming cool, I'll go. Like, if you have two different approaches, you know, monitor your hope at the end of the day. So that's what it's like, let's go back to the book and I'm going to pick up in a section where he's kind of explaining. Going to the book of the intellectuals in the plays of Czechoslovakia, who spent all their time guessing what would happen in 2030 or 40 years had been told that in 40 years, interrogation by torture would be practiced in Russia that prisoners would have their skull squeezed with iron rings, that a human being would be lowered into an acid bath, that they would be trussed up naked to be bitten by ants and bedbugs, that a ramrod heated over a prime stove would be thrust up their anal canal, the secret brand, that a man's genitals would be slowly crushed beneath the toe of a jackboot, and that in the luckiest possible circumstances prisoners would be tortured by being kept from sleeping for a week by thirst and by being beaten to a bloody pulp. Even though you have hope, right, if all is lost, do you think, but I have this little shred of hope, so I'm just going to go throw a hail, Mary. It's like, like I said before, drink with water. You're not going to go in the tents, you're going to go in your barracks, put in your dry clothes, and get in your beds, and you guys will wake you up in eight hours, but we need to do a little training pause right now. Guess what they're going to do to your daughter, guess what they're going to do to your wife, guess what they're going to do to your son. You know, like when you saw how you guys say, you say, take a good hard look at yourself and then don't lie to yourself. Like, it's not, if you drink it with milk, it's like prime rib. I was like, I was like, oh, cool. Like we kept saying back and forth to each other, we're like, you can't make this up. Were that hope, you know, like, oh, I can't believe. yeah, if you get, if you can't so people, I forget how it goes, but well, to your point, this is that kind of, this sounds like you just being that crazy, but this is real. When you're just looking at me, not yawning, nothing like that just looking at like it's psychological.