You know, you're justifying things in your head, you know, be like, oh, you know, when you do something bad where you do something you know is unfair even that kind of low level stuff like it's not hurting no bunch for sure You know, like, perhaps after all, you're like, you're going to get used to that or you're going to go so nuts that you're just going to faint or I don't know something like that. So there's like two way and to Samclot because claustrophobia usually is like, you know, you're going to an elevator and you feel it that kind, you know, I don't have it like that. It's like, yeah, it's like we're like, it's almost like, okay, this is me, you might not be able to relate. You know, but if the water level is high enough where that cave or the hall table call it, It's like this, you know, where you can just barely to, it gets like, oh, this is kind of nerve wracking for sure. You know, you paint someone to be like someone like what the you kind of take things out of context and put other things in context and not supposed to be there kind of thing If you want to, if you don't train you to do and you want to know what it's like, picture anything that you actually know how to do, like, shoot a basketball or play basketball. Like the kind of doctor like not even a minute, but maybe like 30, 45 seconds. But if it's like your first time, or you have a little bit of claustrophobia in water like that, you know, it'll jam you up for sure. Like some people their clever like they're smart so they can justify their justifications or way more legit seeming because they're real smart they can just you know. Oh, for like, you know, like when you hit, let's say you flick your friend on the head, joking around, right? But if, yeah, if they told that the whole story of like, I don't know, any one of the things that he was expecting, he'd be like, dang man. And I, like, you know, just from watching, you'll see one, two, never trained at actual GJ2 class, but I remember in college, I got into this like fight. Like, even when you do get an offite, and you don't really know any, especially, you need you to, it's like, man, you sort of, it's sort of a crap shoot. Cause it's like, I'm going to be like pushing it, you know? And then you've got to find the, you've got to find the octopus, which is the regulator, which you have, you have air tanks just in there, like compressed air tanks, like scuba tanks that are strapped to the wall. But I don't know if it was just the way he presented it was like, it wasn't like, it's tragic. It caused him to be like, it didn't like his parents raised him, didn't make him, you know, satimize that kid or whatever. Yeah so I think that's sort of why you're like kind of feeling for him because it's like I'll sleep like that, you know, but why am I super like nervous about this? Well, you're the one who's correcting it, because I'm like, I don't know what, because you're like, dude, just do it in your routine. It's kind of like if we came to a stop light and then the stop lights red and like, wow, isn't that red stop light super nice? Well, it kind of makes sense that like, when, what did he say went after the snording pole or whatever, like, oh, you just fell out of your back and murdered it. Everybody thought it was all right to deceive me, lie to me, and kick me around whenever they felt like it, and they felt like it pretty regular. So you know, see, he's like, okay, you got to put your arm up because it, you know, and you can't move. And you're going to be like, yeah, like, but it means to stop. I did it with like a little extra like a little. yeah doesn't I'm sure that you know like he you say now he's you know pissing in the soup and whatnot it Just like, like, expression on your face at this time tells me that you would not, how big was it? Like, what was I even thinking like, what was I going to do? That's like, that's super indicative of just like, yeah, you don't recommend that as a problem solving technique. Sometimes like when the weakness creeps in, we don't like want to fight the weakness. Yeah, it wasn't like a striker and nothing like that. You just be like, and I committed sort of, in fact, I was like, bro, how are you even doing that? So like, are you saying, I could lay on my bed like that? So what's the game like when you, you know, when you're going to, when you lift weights to a Lissit gains, right? I mean, like physiologically speaking, the, the, the mail, like what is it? And he's really, and he's like, um, he's like, hey, did Barry Manelow raid or did you, would raid Barry Manelow's wardrobe? But regular T form like I'm drinking with tea bags or the can form like echo is drinking with the can. Yeah and that he did say clever enough to which kind of it's weird because like a real low super low level of that still goes on I think with a lot of people. and you know at the end of the day in my opinion like hey you're still responsible for your actions and hey we get it that you went through some hard things. but it's like maybe not fair or something like that But like, where I grew up in New England, the houses, like the ceilings are lower. Where, and I took care of, I, you know, Okay, remember I told you, like, oh, yeah. Like you've never been doing an Italian restaurant or like where they where it's real. So my MRI for my bicep, I had to go like this, like, my hand up in the air. And it has like a long like name. Can you, and it's funny because if you don't know anything, you're a little bit ignorant, in fact, you're a lot ignorant, and you don't even know what you don't know. It's like, oh, I'm going to either decide to do whatever I want, kind of thing to this person. That's all because like it wasn't it was the idea that I'm like tired I like it's too like sentimental. Like what, like what's a while? Like they don't have like. Okay, and then you say, okay, if I was in that situation, I would do everything I could to get out of the scenario where, like, okay, I got arrested and I got put in the restraint machine So what I, you know, when you're like, oh, should I just stick to the program, but I'm really in the mood for this burger, right? And that was a really positive thing for me because all of a sudden, and it's a very cause and effect when you go through like Navy boot camp or any kind of boot camp, any kind of military and nocturnation, if you don't do what you're supposed to do, you get punished for it. yeah I want to just beating you up your whole life making just grinding you if you're on beating you up and then like yes you're getting that's how you feel right now. You know, and it has nothing to do with any kind of actions to be taken or nothing like that, it's essentially just analyzing the scenario and being interested in it. But he he's maybe not the best criminal as well because he gets caught a lot you know for Robin and stealing and part of it's because he has like a dozen carat. I'm saying, so it's like, what are those things where the reason sometimes people won't listen or actually this has never happened to me, but I'm imagining the piece, if someone doesn't want to listen to psychological warfare, that's why. He was going to bomb a British ship that was, you know, like, he or peacefully. But right now, I'm thinking back to like, how much I didn't know. I'm like, no, I know, but isn't it kind of beautiful? And again, that's a, that's a little jump there that kind of bring you through that little phase of like, okay, we get, now you're responsible for you. When you make that decision in your head, you feel good like, oh, I don't want to change my mind because I'm so looking forward to the burger. I proceeded to do and he mentions at one point that he hooked up with a girl and got some kind of VD and then he was like oh girls not they're dirty You know, it's like that kind.