Sometimes, you know, well, actually all the time, if you, if you really want to feel like working out, you know, like, I feel like working out right now. And I've said this since day one, that's one of the things I talked about on the spot gas is, you know, I don't feel like I'm really good at helping, you know, people with causes and stuff like that. This is still going to be you, but, you know, this is going to sound real obvious and cliche, but the whole compromise thing, you know, when you guys have a punchy kids, you got to compromise that. You know, they learn how are they going to get through this, how are they going to adapt their life, how are they going to roll with one leg, how are they going to do pull ups with one hand. and I got real good at, you know, like the exercise, like gymnast can do it like on a palm or something. This much, you know, is different and A that goes along with what I said like communicating actively, you know, not like telling me that. You know, like, let's say every Tuesday you went to talk to us day or something like that and drank every Tuesday right before kids. And to prepare for them, you know, you got to, you got to, my favorite thing to do prepares, you know, you get to go. If you're going to do hard stuff that's like extended in a hard like you're just your crossfit situation or that kind of stuff. Yeah, that's a good way to, to put it, like, take advantage of it, like actively, because a lot of times like, where the problem comes about. But your wife is like, how can you reconcile going to train with your buddies, you know, because a lot of times the girlfriend and the wife will think that that's just some fun in games. I, you got all the time that gym I'm doing, you know, six rounds, seven rounds, you know, nine rounds, whatever the case may be. So again, you know, if you're getting wrapped up in some small nuanced thing, it it, it mentions the political, like if you're not politically congruent with, I don't know if you meant that split. And you asked, you know, like I said, you've got to ask those questions all the way up. You find out what it feels like when someone's going psycho on you because they're going to be going psycho. You know, because there were some people that even about the, even about the forgotten Highlander, there were some people that said, hey, you know, that's just too much. You know, you're not going to be just chilling in some guys guard or, you know, because because it's, you can possible chill in the garden. And now part of that, I got to, you know, in full disclosure, I was deployed a fair amount, but when you got those young kids, here's what you got to do. Like a lot of people, you know how people, some people really into supplements. And I mean, I was at a high level, you know, I mean, I was, I was, you know, a brown belt or a black belt at the time. Just like, you know, you put human beings living in the same village, you know, you end up marrying somebody from the other tribe. You know, you don't know what's going to happen when you go into the field. In fact, that's actually a good strategy in some cases, you know, when you got to recover or something like this. And I like I said I don't just want every time that you turn on this podcast to get crushed with something like this. I mean, obviously right now, we've got, you know, we got ISIS that are doing the same activities. And if you, but you know, still you're still going to have more time in your day, right? Yeah, it's not going to be as luxurious as, you know, you're not going to be optimum. It's almost like you have this hope, like, oh, it'll be soon or maybe the doctor said nine months, but maybe I could do it in four kind of thing. And don't be like, hey, everyone else in the whole group, by the way, the kids even, though, you know, your wife, everyone in the whole group, you guys compromise a factor of eight out of ten. You know, you know, really, I'll just talk about Dean because Dean and I were for teammates back then and still are, but we competed all the time. You know, just that mindset where you kind of, in a way, got to admit to yourself, okay, I'm out right now. So, and furthermore, I had like less time to focus and have real like let's call it a training camp to be ready to compete at a high level. and I don't know if Jeff did this on purpose, but it's kind of this little trick where you're going hard, but he only gives us 30 seconds in between. So it's, it's, it's dealing with people and letting them know that, um, you know, that this goes down. I think in my experience from talking to people, okay, so okay, so that element of exercising and it being interrupted by new kids or something like that, that'll vary from person to person, right? You're not saying, you know what, I know I'm being a dick right now. So you're like, and so that'll test your conditioning, but it'll test you like your quickness and, not quickness like quick, but your urgency. You got to be like, you take that and you say, okay, but you've got to work as a judge, so you take a guy that gets his legs kicked out from underneath him. And if you don't find a place to get that aggression out and get that, the endorphins flow and get the, the, the good feeling that you get from physical activity, then you're going to turn, you're going to turn a little bit nasty. So it's strange because when you know there's only three minutes, you kind of get that illusion that I'm just going to go all out and see how many if I can get this guy, I only have three minutes to get them. So it's important to, like I said, communicate and let them know that it's not that. Like, homeboy here, who's got two months before he even gets surgery and then how long is it going to take? Because, you know, I'm only home for, let's call it, four days, then I'm going on to the trip that I'm home for three days. So everything you do should be to prepare yourself mentally and physically for the moment of truth, whether that happens at a traffic stop or while you're serving a war in a while you're stopping a bank robbery, you don't know when it is going to happen. Well, one thing with injuries, injuries are going to come and you cut wood, you get saw dust, you train, you're going to get injured. And each day, yeah, I was like drinking the full alpha brains and maybe like two of them. I didn't get the counter tops in because that was like, you know, especially guys coming to do that. Yeah, if you're going seven days a week before the kids and you still want to go seven days with three hours a day, understand that. And again, I understand that everyone's not going to be in a military out on the front lines fighting against, you know, tyranny and evil. So, like the preists, the burgo master, which is like a kind of a germ name of someone that's a complete, a political person, a political magistrate, and a town, or a sub-prefect. You know, like, not only to your wife, but to the fact that you have kids now. And you think you're going to have a bigger impact by protesting it, by possibly jeopardizing your career or possibly going to Levinworth if you're in the military, getting court martial. Now, the thing that sparked this, there was a leader, there had been a revolutionary, a civil war going on, and it was the Rwandan civil war going on, and it was between the Hutu-led government and the Rwandan patriotic front, or the RPF. If you don't know how something works, dig into it until you do know how it works. You know, I've had, you know, a blown out ankle. You get to do prepares, you know, you get guys where they're going.