I know this, you know, I know that this is how it works, but you've never been in the situation to recognize how it feels, you know, you know, so like training for war or whatever, like let's say in your case, where you would always, you say you try your best to make the training is realistic as possible. When you see, you know, some people, they're just sort of like that, you know, and they're, you know, it's almost like they can't see very far ahead of themselves or something like that. And I would think, you know, I'm just going off how I felt right there when you said that, you know, someone said to us unrealistic goal, especially for you, that includes you, you know, where like the failure of reaching that goal is kind of, you're partly your failure. It's like, codes, like, writing code, where if you kind of know the certain, like, general rules to things, you can start figuring out, you know? I'll have someone that's read and read and studied both those books, listen to every podcast and roll in and be like, hey, let's roll play this right here and be like, you know, put them in a scenario where where the right answer would be to say, hey, like, that's my fault. oh yeah, that makes sense, you know, but I think that I'm not sure if you read the whole thing, but it seems kind of even understated because like even when you study something, you're like, okay, I know what to do. If you're seeing it for the first time, just like we talked earlier about, if you see, if you know an arm lock is coming, if you know how to defend an arm lock, or you know what's coming, you at least know to pull your elbow in, right? Some weirdo on the street, you know, you want to go practice and learn and improve that you're like good with other good people, you know, other people who are trained. Like, and someone like Dean, who's like, I mean, Dean, that should, you know, but that's a thing. Kind of like the weather, remember how you were saying, like you kind of like extreme ownership, almost situation where it's not kind of, it is straight up. You know, I was like, oh, yeah, you know, like, cool. You know, the more I kind of open my eyes to like look at things, it kind of seems like playing the short game. He's bigger, but I could take him like, I know I can, but then you're like, wait, no, I don't know who that guy is. Like you know, if you're in bed and then you hear, I don't know, chicken outside or something or like a black hole air or something. But our, in Gigiitu, where, you know, the, you know, a young guy or whatever, he'll, he'll, or he'll have a certain body type or I don't know whatever he'll develop like this certain move. Everything that we're saying about how people can see what you're doing, he's recommending that you act this way but no one will know and you just have to pretend like you're actually a good person. Like when I talk to companies and I'll be talking to some leader and I'm like, Hey, here's what you need to say in a situation like this. And you can figure out, like, okay, when people in this happen inside this company, or this happen in this battle, people act this way, people act that way. And like people will be like, let's especially at work when people start setting goals all crazy. And he said over and over again before this that you know having the connection with the people and if the people are loyal like that's the most important thing. Kind of like, yeah, you know, because he knew he knows like, the submission hold is the fun part to learn. So being having good relationships with your people, making sure they understand where you're coming from, like, these things are not considered when you hear the word, but you don't know any better. The more you tell me the truth, the more I'm going to like it, the more I'm going to like you, outside of the easy should listen to no one. Do you think that those people that play a bad guy all the time when in real life they feel like everyone views me like I'm a jerk. Because you know, you know, some people just figure you like, oh, you can just squeeze me in there. I've got a friend that does high level security and they were going through like a high level briefing plan if in like a serious disaster scenario with a high paying client and he was basically had incorporated into the plan his own family. You'd see like a like a different one someone's like a bouncer, right? Well, then I thought what we were going like that is when you're good or no, like let's say you're an almond gold or not a fight. I believe when you stab someone in the back, that person they may die, but they got a friend, they got a brother, they got someone else, they got someone else that you don't know, you don't recognize and at some point they're going to come and get you. I'll kind of like, no one said anything like, Hey, when are we going to learn blah, blah, blah? Like Macievelli says in his book, not the one that you've heard about, but what he actually says guard yourself from flattery by demanding the truth, especially the truth from yourself and choose good people to be around you and set a good example by acting with courage and gravity and fortitude and study the art of war. And I don't know, these guys think they know everything, and now it's something we got to rebel you know, in our hands. And no get guys, you know, get guys and win tournaments and start winning tournaments and be like, and that instructs like, dang, this guy's killing these tournaments here. Or it feels like you didn't even wait because like if you, um, let's say you haven't done the digital in a long time or anything, you are correct when it comes to sports, but he's talking about actual going to war. I mean, that's, you know, that's a, the tactic technique, whatever, and like a lot of things like negotiation. I was like, hey, I just want to bring three people from my team and I'm like, oh, it's cool. And it's almost like I thought like, well, shoot, I didn't like, I didn't screw you over. But today, what I wanted to dig into a little bit is this term of Mackey Evelian and we covered his art of war book, which I had an interesting, I think it was a YouTube comment because I said, you know, art of war, Mackey Evelian, a colo Mackey Evelian and someone's like that was written by Sunsu idiot. But, but, but in a year, you're going to look up and be like, hey, I know that we got this opportunity. Like if you've got a good if your people support you, you can get attacked and you're going to drive that person off that attack you drive them off into disgrace. So you get people that have been doing this forever, like I just said, you got someone that hasn't really figured out if this new thing is going to work, and it's just a mismatch. You know, you know, even with like small stuff, big stuff small stuff, whatever one, everyone can see what you're doing, everyone. If you do that, you're going to end up, you might like I said, you might end up stepping up for a moment, but in a long run, things aren't going to go your way. They're like, that is, they're like, hey, Joc, the things that people are trying to get from meditation is what you get when you go and you do duty to. That's what people think of, like I said, if you say, hey, this person's a Mackey Valley and leader, everyone thinks, okay, they're going to be merciless. And if they think they are going to treat them like crap and then you treat them well, they're like doubly devoted to you. The, you know, cutting off your ears is a lot more that goes into that than a finger, I think, because, you know, I don't know. And it's like, oh, I want to know how to handle myself if I get into a fight, but you'd rather just be polite to people until it was, be polite, right? But Leena, the night before you're like, hey, I know you probably don't actually, hey, this is what I'm going to do tomorrow. Because golf can give you some of the same things that that like when I talk about shooting, like when you get good at shooting, it gives golf can give you some of those same things because you're under pressure. Like, let's say, okay, you know how the night before you might have this problem, you might not, I don't know. So like when you don't know how to fight, like before you take Jitu, So if you don't know how to detach and I throw something actually, you know how you detach because you know what the right answer is, but you don't do it. So, if you're going into a business and you're like, okay, we're going to have to eliminate some people. You just need to keep, like, regardless, things are going great, things are going bad, guess what we're sticking with normal. Where it's like, yeah, like, to be a real brown belt and compete at the top level, you've got to have a well-rounded game, essentially. So when you think about that, you're like, man, yeah, just like what you said, but I'm not getting into any fights. I mean, hey, if you're a song weirdo savage, who's like, you know what, that's going to be part of my training to put on an uncomfortable ghee and hearted in my mind. And then you can even just on a normal social level, you know, when you're all he's going to be doing, you meet them up like a movie stars right? You know, like you know, you shouldn't. But actually, you know what, I actually hear more about the opposite where it's like, it's the good guy. Very soon, we will have them available on the website to pre, or, I think we're gonna do like a pre-order thing, just because we want to know how many to make. Let's give him his blue belt, brown belt, you know, all the way up he gets his like brown belt black belt because he wins tournament. You know, we work with companies who work with like startup companies where it's not that the people haven't Scrapped to get where they are. It's going to come back and I'm not again, like I'm not talking about a spiritual karma that's going to come back. That's just straight up like, hey, you got to take, you got to treat people. That puts you, I mean, you know, it's like when you go to duty to you come home, you feel so good. So that's the actual action kind of stuff, even just something that's as simple as role, role playing, you know, where it's like you're trying to simulate, you're trying to introduce the action part of it more so than it's study. Like, why are you acting like this kind of thing? But if the thing is, like, you know, jamming you up too much by being there, then you got to craft it. Assume that the little maneuvers that you think are all clandestine, assume that people can actually see assume that people are a little bit smarter than you think. Like that seems like the best possible way to take over according to this, continuing one cannot by fair dealing. So you got to fire everyone, they got to bring people in and retrain them and you got to retake territory and you lost customers because they're going to be in a company. And I was in the oh man, I felt that it was overwhelmed because I was in the like, like you said, I was a bouncer. You know, he's all he's playing the good guy or maybe on some show or something like that. Even like the teeny teeny tiny things in the we said this before like name dropping. Yeah, like, yeah, you know, let's say I put a TV outside, TV outside would be cool. And you've got to not always look out for your own good and what I will tell you and what I know, the more you look out for your own good and this is where, this is probably the biggest dichotomy with this Mackey Vellian attitude. And I'm not saying like, you know, you, I'm just saying what it, what is the general, I don't have time. It may vary a little bit on, you know, upper down from there depending on the market, depending on how we're doing, depending on what the future like you want to be balanced. Let's look at these lines a little bit because as I said, when we did Henry the Fifth on podcast number 15, you're not going to know exactly what Shakespeare is talking about because he's writing in an almost in another language. Yeah, I was thinking more, you know, the oxygen mask in the plane, you know, putting yourself in for your kids kind of thing. Like he is not maybe not that exact thing, but it's so close that he's like, here's what happens. So people, your team, people look at you and they judge you by what your team is like. But later on, you know, as time goes on and one of the things is like, okay, they'll just figure out the move.