But I mean, that's very, it's kind of demonstrates you humility because you've always, like, every time we roll in at, actually, when I see you rolling with other, like, really good guys, it seems like you adapt and make little changes way quicker than most people in for dang sure way quicker than me. I get the expression and I'm sending an angry, of course, but technically, like if you say if your leader is made or born, born meaning like he wasn't trained at a very specific point to be a leader, he brought to the training or to the position, just a bunch of like talent or whatever, but he probably learned that through like his life. Like on TV, like so like me, if I watch, I don't know, like okay. But as an example, it feels like that's, you know, like, they're so, but they're using like probably eight times the energy, you know, because they're so pumped up because of their on stage and stuff, the nerves and all that stuff. it's like the perception, you know, where you have you, you know, your life and it's like the highlights are like one out of a thousand. Irritable like to kind of like, I'm irritable with like stuff, not even like inanimate stuff. But all that is, that's not like a, like a, like a maybe a slack or a theerson, nothing like that. I meant not each position, but like the differences between, you know, like a cornerback, why do you see we're in the difference between that and like a line man. They're almost pretty much unnoticable, even though, you know, you could have done a little bit better with more sleep kind of thing, but, you know, just like, and then opposed to me where, man, I go five hours of sleep. Oh, like someone who has like a major degree and you know, his resume is not a degree but like, hey, I'm really into whatever it is that you're doing. And it's a, it's more like playing a musical instrument that it is like doing a technical skill where you do ABC and you get D. No, picking locks is like you got a little art man. Like your optimum versus your sub optimum, you might be like super small, you know, where, you know, you feel little teeny tiny effects, but your output or the results of your output or whatever are pretty similar. But you, you, you, you, you know, like you said people say, hey, you, you, there's no way you can perform at your at your highest if you're like sleep deprived of whatever. I think we are like a crying baby like you know did you know that in the house of brocids? Now he always had like kind of like big, it's called big muscle bellies like the party or muscle. And that's why it's so prevalent and such a like big deal when you do find the like the super rare guy where it's like, hey, he's not really genetically gifted, but he works so hard. I was just thinking like, if this is true, like when a guy gets gasped in the UFC, and he just can't go on, but then what if somebody came in there with a machete and was like run. But you get like this boost of like hormones, like testosterone and all these crazy hormones when you win the fight. You know, how like some people, they like politics, some people don't. Because you're so like, I mean, it's through adrenaline, but like it's these external circumstances like around the stage. He kept saying, like, man, actually my other friend Jeremy was telling me that, oh, yeah, he's good at, like, pretty much everything. I like to sleep a little bit less, because it's more, it makes my life a little bit more on edge, which I like. You're like, instead of like, you know, getting this stuff, let me just make it. But some of us, you know, we like that there's like this little intermediary Puzzah situation where it's not hot. Because when you go home you should run on the couch for a second or even if you just like you know just talk to your wife or whatever it's like. The difference between six hours of sleep and five hours of sleep for me is like, I feel like a completely different person. Well, that's an interesting, I thought you were going to say that people that are into pop because I actually, that's one case where I would disagree because a lot of times people that would be really like politics, you don't want them in politics because they're just political machines, right? So, you know, I'm not like, but like, okay. Like you know you heard like a roommate or what You know, then when you like how you see get flanked, you're like You know, like you get it seems like I can get in a rut and be like, oh, I'm just going to do this right here and it should work because I've done it before and it's going to work this time. That was weird when you told me I was like, I see where you're saying, because it's almost like a comfort thing, right? Like, there is, yeah, I am, and there is one time, it's like, remember because I was talking to life. I would like the first thing I thought of is like in the digits or MMA where you get to be a adrenaline dump, right? But they did like some study where it like it actually was linked to people getting depressed because of that. And like I said, that's just a couple of pages from the book, but the pages go on and on and on just like that war did. When you're like, I like a little bit of sleep depth. So I like that little bit of edge because part of it is because things like that never bothered me. You know, like to learn stuff you gotta do it over and say, they're having a hard time out of no swimming, potty, train, or whatever. Like it wasn't like he was going to die. Like, well, in the military, it's called Safe Rounds Rallibis, meeting like I got an extra round. He was like struggling with like, he could go locks, which was kind of a random thing to struggle with. Not looking me like a bigger kind of like, I don't want to be bigger. Yeah, it feels like a lot of times when people use the expression or they born, whether it be leaders, whether it be whatever, you know, or he's a natural, whatever. Yeah and that's one of the reasons why if you like let's say you have a normal schedule job like a 9, 2, 5 I went, you know how like at a certain point you got to make sure you got to do something. So maybe to that, it's like man, it's not like it's controllable. If you're like slow, it's like that's a big kind of deal. Because like, confronting or dealing with new problems or uncharted situations or whatever, the skill of dealing with that is like another skill in and of itself. You know, so the dad passed it on to the, you know, it's like genetics. Like I like to be sleep deprived somewhat. If I know what is happening it is weird like my crying kids when they were babies they would wake up my wife and my wife and I would sleep right through it. I mean, I know I'm okay at it, but even me, at this point, I'll be like, oh, he's not going to put his arm there. It's a belief that you get it from like, like you're getting some of it from life. It's like feeling in the same, it's like feeling in the same pocket six times when you've lost your cigarettes and cannot find them. And I think sometimes people's attitude nowadays is like, well, you know, you can do whatever you want. Me and while if you're like a normal person, if you watch your diet like a lot, then you can get that cut. And you know, I used to get into a treadmill, but man, if when you get when that boredom hits you, probably you're like, I can't run on a step on this damn thing. Like what you just said, I feel like that's just 100% me. And I'm gone back and forth a couple times people have said come on the podcast, but in his podcast or in his book, Yager, he just had incredible vision like he'd be flying information and he could see the enemy way before. Yeah, there's explosions more just like just like various levels of destruction. And typically that's like a guy in basketball who's like not tall, not fast. And if you want to talk to us, or you want to share a good book with us like somebody shared this psychology for the fighting man with me on the interwebs. World war one probably them being very short sighted on how long that war was going to last in like, oh, oh, you're a mechanic cool. He fights by saying the right thing in the right way to the right people at the right time, and sometimes that is propaganda. So you're like, you're like walking, not walking, but you're just sort of existing. Like the jit like victory MMA and fitness are gym. Like for instance, you like making videos, you're into it. Sometimes I wonder if I'm like perpetually in a state of like, or I wonder that my brain too. Yeah, I mean, if you start looking at your life, like it's war, that's going to make you better. Like if you're too comfortable, like you might be more inclined to relax. Now it's time to put up like the, you know, the little barriers. I'm picky about what I like and what I don't like. Can't show that kind of thing, but even though it's like the most readily available reaction, you know, the one they fail. And I was like, I don't know if I'm going to put this in there. So close energy drill is our close order drill is when you know you see the Marines army, they're like handing the rifle back real enforce and everything's all. You know, like that kind of thing over the top, everything exploding. Especially people would compare too, you know, like growing up with a twin brother. If you start a pubic in making, you know, like, Good. Or, you know, like politics, right? But you know, what if you're like one of the only shrubs or if you're right. You know, it was like radio man. You know, so it was like a genetic thing. They're going to be all up in there, learning everything what's going on like today. So you can be like winning certain battles in life, you know? Seals know it was like some of the guys were awesome guys. I think people are not going to like that.