Yeah, it's like you, it's like people, I mean, I don't know if I don't know the actual process, but you know how like, yeah, when you tense up before you do something, right? I'm like, oh, my gosh, like, your anxious and you just, like, the feeling beforehand is like way different than when right when he says start. When you heard that, you were like, you just sort of automatically like a zombie stand up and why not, like, you know, it was almost like, It's like I said earlier, like sometimes the leaders, if you got a good leader that's going to make things happen, it's going to make things happen. I think after like four to six months of like dealing with you and this stuff, it's like you became like a rule. And whether that's, you know, just completing a job, like it says, the desire to do a good job, or the desire to help other people, hey, the more money I get, the more I can give to other people, like these things are real, and they really drive. Oh yeah, and hand their more, like, they're longer lasting, like things to develop, you know, like when you develop them, they apply them more things. But if you're like, if you don't know, or you're like, what I'm losing it, I feel like I'm losing it right now. You can get recut, you know, so it's like, you're one of those guys, it has a huge, huge, surplus of standing by things that are like, look, you know, the most important part of working out is, as a representative, you don't grow. But nonetheless, I think, like when you go through, I remember there was a fire, but it was like way and a different building and it was just procedure, everyone, I evacuated, you know, kind of thing, and we found out it was just later or whatever. That's like, you know, in, in like a jujitsu tournament or whatever, like a competition situation. You know, like if you're, I don't know, you know, if you're about to go skydiving or something different for you obviously, but the normal person, for the jump out of an airplane, you know? Like if you didn't know you or her, like you'd be like, Bro, this girl's voice is weird. Yeah, that's true, because in picking a common enemy even on a social level whatever that like promotes cohesion within a group, like apparently from what I read is like gossip. So yes, I can be like, yeah, the recovery, that's how you, you know, get the gains, whatever, that's on one side, then the other side is like, wait, but you want to train a whole, there's way more to working out than just getting bigger and stronger. I forgot to tell you, like, you know, our friends are having a baby or something like this, you know? So I'm like looking at her like understanding that she has no idea that she can like dead live 8,000 pounds. Yeah, to accept, you know, this kind of, but like young adulthood, maybe like 23, 23ish. It's another thing when you, it's going to go into this, but when you are a leader and things are going bad, give people something to do, give them a direction, give them an order, say, look, are this what we are going to do right now? Oh, like the, you know, the, you know, I'm going to say the system running your 13 years old. Or if you get a couple of people making the same complaint and then another couple of people like kind of refuting it or something like that. Because like quitting, giving up like these are things that were kind of trained to think are bad. I don't know, I think I would think that'd be a little bit different, because almost like you run the risk of when it actually does happen and you smell smoke or see the smoke or see the flames or whatever, that might you do some added element that you weren't expecting. You like you ever, you know, when you're a kid or something, or whether you witnessed someone else do this or you do it where it's like, let's say you lost something. And I'm like, you know, one of these kind of like you. You know, those things, they, if you see them out of context, like if you watch a Gracie self defense video out of context, you'll say, well, it's going to be hard for that particular movie. But the reaches a point where kind of the, the boats like trying to push and then it gets on the, it's like in the water and then it gets kind of on the surface of the water. You got the most important job and the put to and commander, hey, this is your patrol, your the guy in charge, you're the got the most important job and the radio man, hey, radio man, if something goes sideways out there, it's you with your ability to communicate with air assets and other support elements that are going to save everyone. So it is, it's like a little balance, like a little dance you're doing with collaboration competition. I wonder why it's so like appealing for like a better term to blame other people. I want the point man to think hey, point man, if you don't know where you're going, everyone's lost. And on the last podcast we covered the early sections in the book about things like putting the right people in the right jobs, about the importance of training, about the best ways to teach and learn and how to become more efficient. Not that good, you know, if I'm going to take out the trash or something like this. But when you get a guy who's like so good at Jiu Jitsu, every once in a while like he'll end him in Maya would do this too. Think about the stark difference between those couple there who got one person that just wants to fight people or one person that feels like they've been a failure and everything and just has an opportunity to take that grudge against the world. Like when you, I would say maybe don't when I was like a teenager because I don't think I would have the capacity to write. She saw me and she's like, hey, and I was like, hey, we were working out. When you're in a leadership position, you're going to have people that are going to complain about things they're going to see problems. So all you have, I mean, and given what he's talking, you know, like nowadays, I've heard people use word pivot. I was like dang, that's like, this is brutal man. You might be like, well, I don't know how that's going to work. And win, I mean, here's the thing where worse, I think people get emotionally jammed up when they hear like, you're a competition. So I can be easily be like, hey, I don't feel like it today. It'll be like, I forgot to tell you, I got Billy coming over for you to work on, you know, yard, yeah, sprinkler. I take like, you know, in a meeting, I'm going to be working with a company. It's like you can't get out of like, you little cow. I was like, who's like that kind? If you're trying to get to an extract point who's going to get to get your platoon out of there, then the point man is the one that knows where he's going and no one else knows, that point man's the most important person. And she's like, oh, I'm like, look at her. Even more so than the, you know, the four, five other places that I could easily, you know, so I think that's why I think it's a natural thing. When you see what's driving me, you know, you ever hear the question of like a rich person, whatever that means, but how much is enough, right? You know, when is some kind of thing, like, organisms compete for mate compete for this. So anyway, I have these slippers real comfortable to their like just regular Nike, like slippers, whatever. People who have this curious reversal of normal reaction to other people's kindness or aggressiveness often like to boast that they are tough or hard and that they respect a man who will stand up to them. They start to alienate people and they can't, you know, maintain relationships like all these problems. Yeah, because there's like some reason it's more up into this thing where it can also be triggered to make that noise by a cute cat on the, you know, whatever. Sounds like an old school like movie or something. And you just calmly stand up and walk out and sing, well, by all I, you know, it's like it's kind of boring in a way. I'm like, oh, what's that like? It's like you're just so, because training is just like repetition. Hoist Gracie beats everybody including Ken Shamrock who's like, well, he was like 220. If you know, okay, you know, I'm getting excited because of this, you know, event. You know what movie was like the epitome of that was a few good men. That's like we're like, what happened? It's almost like this is what it feels like. And then the, he talks about like training right, if you, you know, the well trained person. So when I can't find them for a moment, you know, there's literally like six or seven places that are far away from each other by the way. So like if you're like so, why? The weather's not going to be like, hey, you got a flat tire. And I'm trying to think, if, no way, I've been in one situation where there was a legit fire, but I was like completely, everyone just thought I was super cool and calm, but I was actually just did it. You know, in the spirit of accuracy, it's kind of like life. He comes back and he's like, you know, I just got to jump higher. If I tell everyone that we're not getting food because we got caught off and we're out here on our own and we have about three days worth of food and water and by the way we're not going to live and we're all going to die. Sometimes, if your logic fails, like, if you can't think of a good reason why I should I do another set or why should I go competing this thing? Yeah, it's an interesting differentiation there where it's like, hey, if the task kind of requires skill and stuff, you've got to control that. We're going to maneuver around the flank or we're going to get a heavy weapon in here and we're going to shoot a bazooka at this thing. You know, like when your kids, when they're young, and they fall down, right? Win, mean, they think that, like, I win, you lose trying to start a bit. And it actually is exactly what this book said where you get like act scared because it'll cause other sex scared essentially, right? I wouldn't say, I would answer the question truthfully, which is like, listen, this is what's going on right now. They'll straight up give up because it's too much work and be like, I'm going to take a new direction in a life. For someone grabbed my slippers, you know, that's like the thing. And then guys like who I don't think people talking about this guy. But it's like a natural thing to think, be good. I mean I guess when you think about it it feels like if I don't have to blame myself that's a safety thing. You know, it's not like I'm a person, you're a person. That'll I mean along with complaints come what I think is more important than like the complaint or the issue that's complain about more important is the motivation to complain. We're going to invite everybody to come come like fight. And like I said, they're going to react in different ways depending on who they are depending on their background, depending on their personality. In fact, it is habits which take care of a man if he is too frightened to think clearly, like the habit of diving for cover when bombs come down.