Like, like, like, like, well, yeah, like self confidence, like, hey, I'm going to, right? You know, like, you know, you know, you, you know, you, you have to eat this pot of brown or these pant of brownies, but I want to eat those brownies because they're delicious, but I don't want to get, you know, you know, put on weight or whatever. It in Hawaii, there's a lot of kissing that goes on, mostly between like between, you know, like girls and guys, like even like if it's like your friend's wife, you kiss him on the cheek, that's how. Yeah, so it's kind of like when you kind of go down that path, when you think about it, you know, people who commit suicide just in general, you know, it kind of is like kind of got to think about that. So, even like a non-military person, where, you know, like it's common for people to be like, oh, you took these away out, the coward kind of thing, right, he committed suicide kind of thing. If you're giving orders and you look like you don't know what you're doing and you're sound like you don't know you're doing and you're using a tone that sounds like you don't know what you're doing. But like, yeah, what blinking, even like wrinkling your forehead kind of thing, like all these little things, so it goes so deep that, you know, you can take two people. What did it feel like it was like subconscious, like was it like, or were you like see the visual care? But if you do really, 100% regard it as an injury, just like your arm or your leg or something like that, it's kind of like it seems like a little bit more understandable almost, rather than calling them a coward outright. You know, you know, you know, I shouldn't like the answer because the answer was the leadership question and the problem with the people that you're having is not a problem with the people that you have. And you know, I, I think Peter T. Oppost in an article about a young woman who killed herself and I wrote something in response on social media, something like that's horrible to see, especially, I think I wrote something along lines of, hey, that's horrible to see, especially with so many people that are fighting to live, you know, you think about people that have cancer or whatever. Like certain situations, even certain first impressions, you know that are like, you know, indicate the long haul, you know? Again, this is when we're we're trying to let people know that hey, what you feel when you feel like I don't feel like I want to go kill people, that's okay, we get it. And even I feel like those people, and obviously I don't know because I don't know all the people, but it seems like those of you who they're just used to doing it. But now it's like at this phase where I'll feed like right now, if I try to do like a close grip push-up or something like. I don't really know when I feel like I, when I feel like there's darkness in the world, I really like to do something physical. They, you know, some, you know, like, they tell you mafia kind of thing, like they'll build this. Like it's, in fact, if you don't, it's kind of like, I was kind of standoffish kind of thing, not a huge deal, but it's like, it's that normal in Hawaii. That's what this is doing and even letting them know like listen, you may have a few bad dreams, right, and that is probably one of the most minor ways of explaining the fact that you are going to have freaking nightmares and cold sweats and they're they're down playing that, but they're letting them know that that's what's going to happen. Would you wear, you know, how they wear it like the more what, like the trunks that are like spito type trunks? I don't drink energy drinks, but if there's like one there that like I know is going to taste good. I think and as I was running back, like a dad from the other team said something like, you know, you think you're the big star now with those white cleats. Tim Ferris said the same thing, get out of your mind, get into your body, like, okay, so that you have those conversations and you think, this is what I think, I can't change what I think, you know, this is what I think, someone could change my mind and someone could educate me, sure. It's like, a big one, or a way to see it is, like, how you point it out to me, like, the long game. I was like, look, I'm going to give you an answer that I, I got a feeling you're probably not even going to like the answer. You know how like there are men that happens all the time where you meet someone and you just, you don't really feel them that much, but they end up being your best friend or something like that. Like if someone kissed me on my cheek when they saw me and it was a guy, it's like, I love you, bro, whatever, like that wouldn't, that wouldn't move me either way. But yeah, you're like, you're like, like, it's right here. So after you think about it, you're like, yeah, because, you know, I like how it looked at the time. That tone like, oh, like they're just going to stump you, Mr. Perth, Mr. Know it all. Okay, so you know, people, people don't give you the advice like you want to, you want to act confident. But I'm saying if you did, because you have like a specific type of personality, you know, that'd be like, that's a new thing for the Jocco, I guess. You know, like, and like you said, it seems new, right? If you don't know why you're shaking, if you don't know why you can't sleep at night, if you don't know why you can't eat, or why you feel weak, if there's, why there's ringing in your ears, if you don't understand why those things are happening, it's going to be worse for you. When I came in they're like, you we're going to shave your head, we're going to take all your silly stuff and like whatever. You know, when I told, when I told her, you know, you're not going to like the answer. Or like, you know, in Europe, they'll like kiss, not necessarily on the lips necessarily, right? This book gives about the way we think about the way we act about the way we follow and about the way we lead and remember that a good leader doesn't handle his man, a good leader handles himself. You just added to the noise with the thing, rather than like handling it kind of consciously and be like, okay, I'm not going to add to the noise. For a few, so you there you go, you either have guys at good, okay, you know what, of course I want to stay alive, but I'm going to be loyal to my country, my army, my team that I'm with and the guide of my left and my right, and so guess what, I'm going forward into the fray. If people don't like you, they will not perform as well as people that do like you and your their leader. Like it's like, hey, it's your responsibility, you know, and then it, I can see their mind just totally changing. So I'm grab, I have like, you know, I get like maybe four dishes of sorts at a time. It's not like, you know, I'm not just like, Oh, just making taking action. Yeah, like even when you go to like France, not to keep the customs going too long, but whether it be France or wherever, right? When you say, you know like, Brad, it's like you're saying something completely different. You know, like, you know, we're watching the show or we shopping for curtains kind of thing. And they're like, you know how like, hey, you have your hand around. So I go egg white omelet with like, you know, I'll take like, You don't risk it, nomad it. I think you're cool or was he hating like on a deeper level where he was like, oh, you think you're a big shot? Like, like, you know what it is? Like, you just, you just, hey, you know, make some right moves and say some right things in man, get it, just get on the same page. Like how you like make a man's or their own questions kind of thing. Yeah, if it's like, yeah, man, you've manufactured enthusiasm or something like that. You are going to come across like a confident leader and people are going to listen to you. But it's good to also not only as like something fun to kind of watch or whatever, but, you know, so you watch them kind of gain understanding. So recently, I got like heavy back into the living like man. So, you know, there's that level of, you know, like he knows that the situation unfolds, I can submit him. After all, the only way to make other men like you is to like them. I should say never, but it's not that good of an idea generally seem to be like, it's common to envy like mad at someone for not knowing quote, I'm not coming. Yeah, we're just like, I was like, oh, yeah, come here. And you know, it's the same thing because what Jill Rogan and I was saying and we're not psychologists, we're saying it's got to be hard to dig out of that, you know, go go swing a kettlebell, go do something active, which to somebody that's got massive depression, that just sounds idiotic. It wasn't like my dad on the school teacher salary was like, hey, which paired you want from the easiest rack over here. Yeah, it's kind of like, you ever, you ever been in like a big meeting. But it, but was he like, oh, you think you're the big shot now, like hating on that's what I heard. But sometimes people try and, you know, be asked their way through a scenario like that. It has a little volume thing and also I don't obviously I don't know exactly how they made them to work but the it's like when a gunshot goes off, it actually mutes everything. It's like you're kind of introducing a sense of identity in their job like this with you. So again, this is 1942 and we still hear information about this nowadays like it's a revelation and it's not and you know, people trying to seek relief by committing suicide. But that a lot of those, like, he puts it in terms of, like, in two times of instincts, right? Like they were probably in one or another injured, right, in their brain, whether it be, you know, for one way or another. So this is another, it's just hard to know what people are like until you actually put them in the situation. And I said, you're actually not going to like my answer to this question, but I'm just going to tell you what I've seen. And the exception, you know, they probably just hate, you know, the world and they don't want to do good. I have to think more, but it just because because you did to it's so close anyways, that when you, you know, you're just like, that's the way it is. You know, like, man, no one's against you, right? And I was like, oh, I said something about LA after your years are like soft. It almost seems like each individual guy would be like, oh, they're making excuses. Like that's your con man, if you're really good at that, it can be aligned to people and tell them something that you don't believe in. Like, there's, like, you, you had the example of the buying the car thing. Like I said, I mean, this is two years ago or something like that. Lave talks about like when he was, like when he's writing, no bad teams only bad leaders. And I'm like, bro, you can't watch this show and be like shopping for curtains at the same time. And I would go further to say, it's not just about practice, you don't have to become a good actor, what you want to do is you want to believe in what you say, you want to care about what you say, you don't know about what you say. If you're out there digging that ditch, like you mean it, like you make trying to make a perfect ditch in the world, you're doing it. So I remember, you know, in part of the course, they're talking about different customs and stuff like that. Tell the men all they need to know, let them know all possible information about the enemy. But to Jill Rogan and I forget a lot of satisfaction out of swinging kettlebells and doing the jitsu, it's like that sounds like a decent idea. I'm kind of, I'm kind of like those, you know. Yeah, if you don't care about, you don't want to hear me stand up and talk about something, you know, some whatever, you don't want to hear me talk about candle making, right?