You know, I, I'm repeating myself now but dude, like, it was rough and I honestly I questioned whether or not, like, you know, like people like you or people in Canada, there's some of my friends, like, are they gonna accept when I'm this honest? You know, like, and not sir, like, hey, sir, but like, because I'm like, I'm like the leader or like, I'm the, I'm the pop-up bear of this group. And the closer we do it, the more steps we take, the, like, it's, you know, we were last night, we were driving here from LA and we were like, we were both just kind of like, remember like, three months ago, it feels like forever ago, you know? And you know, it was kind of like, oh, Jade was kind of like, I'm like, I'm like, I don't know, came first. So six beers is like, you know, he's, and he's even said, like, oh, I would feel it, you know, not feel it like, you know, he's still doing everything he has to. When it's so obvious, so, you know, I spent, so I think it's important to like just pause for a second though because people go into these situations all the time and what you have to do is you have to be, you have to do a map study like you're saying, you have to do a reconnaissance, you have to look around and say, hey, maybe I don't know exactly where I am, maybe I need to look for some of these obstacles, maybe I need to look for some of these obvious pitfalls that I'm going to look back in five years and I'm going to say, oh, that person was a leech or oh, I was being an idiot or oh, everyone was fueling the fire so they could get more out of me. Like, because I was just so focused and I had this look, and I, you know, I know, you know, we're, we get up in front of troops and try to, you know, We got to be the toughest looking guy there, some of them, you know, And I was like, oh, yeah, can we talk to Echo about like, how I thought for sure your real name was like, was like, like, Ernie or something. And I wanted to like wake up every morning, have a coffee, like, I don't know why, but in my mind, I have an image of me in shorts with a long sleeve t-shirt, opening up like a garage door and having like people come in with gym bags. Like, like, my assistant, he tried his best, but, you know, it's not something like, like, even, even Kel, right, she was around for a little bit. That's why if you have a plan day like you get more done rather than because you you've Fossuseptable till like what do I feel like to you know you're led more with what you feel like. And like Kelly would always say she would always say, man, you know, when you get excited and you talk about like going here to see the troops or going there and shooting and going there and like planning up that business, you've, I've owned open a gym since before I got blown up. and like she would watch me like just, I would get a message and I'd be like, you know, I'd like throw the phone And I think I was for a lot of part, but where I started going down is when it was the booze and the, and the Coke started to fill in the gaps where I should have been at home or in the gym or, or things like I was seeking immediate reward, you know, like I would, like say a power through a week of pain and, and But you know, like, there's just the path to, you know, like, A, A is there because we can get booze at every corner, you know? I also was like one of those things like, oh, you know, I've got a call in like 30 minutes. But just like, not like just every time I felt like I was like, I'd go up a couple runs in the ladder, I'd fall back a couple. I was surrounded by both and I'm not, and it, hey, if you were around me and you're listening to this, I'm not saying that was you, but there are some people that might be listening that know exactly what they were in my life at the time and looking back on it, it's like, you know, it's like doing a map, Ricky after the, after the mission or something And at first it was, and even when I was using, like, if I was on a roll where I was like two or three or four days where I hadn't used, if I put on a show like Scarface, I was like, oh, you can't watch Scarface sober. Most of them were like late teens early, 20s, maybe 30, some of them were 30, but, you know, even the older people, like there was like one woman there in her 60s. You know, like, listen, I get a lot of flack, but I'm a fan of the, and I know safe injection site is like, people don't agree with, there's no such thing as safe injection. Like, I don't know about you, but like something like that puts you in a position to be a mentor to these people. And you know, but eventually, like you said, your buddy didn't hit like his bottom wasn't like your bottom? And you know, and I'm not saying like it was like crazy things that you see on house of cards or anything like that. And then like, and I was known now, you know, and then in City Count, like the inside politics of City Hall was Jodie, you know, if you want a party called Jodie. Like, you wake up and you feel foggy, and like, you know, like, 3 days are wasted if you'd do too much. And, and I was the guy who did amazing race, wrote a book, got, or got wounded and I've got a stand, powered his way back, that did, did I got elected, you know, like I was always on display, it felt, you know. You know, if I, if I realized like there was something shiny around to be had, I'd like find a way to get my hands on it for the for the team and stuff, you know. But, you know, I'm still learning, I'm still, you know, like, I call myself a student, a student of the human condition, because I feel like I'm always learning. And so for me, like, you know, I don't, like, I don't know, man. And, you know what, I realized this the other day, the politics was a bandaid, the TV shows, the books, the podcasts, these are all part of me finding a way, but I'm back, you know, I'm instructing shooting again, you know, with some of my friends, I'm back to advocating for veterans again, you know, which I can have time for. He's got, you know, all he's got are indirect, stand by like no one is a one man army and, you know, and I talked about this last time and I talked about it the first time I was on the show and I keep re-learning these things but in different contexts. I think that other than maybe like something like Jiu Jitsu or something like that, which I definitely got pretty fanatic about and I still have a hard time with withdrawals. You don't feel all that bad or you get, so it sounds like maybe you develop the technique of being like just talking about this in such a way that people go, oh, you know, if he's talking about this, this is such controlled way and it's not that big of a deal. So, man, if you don't have like an important mission, like, you really care that, I mean, sure, I got, I know what I got to do tomorrow and the next month and all. And it's not just at like some unit, mass hall, you know, like the, what every new recruit going through the depot is going to see this thing. Like I just, I, I need people like you that, like guys, I look up to you, man. I saw myself retiring at, I don't know what the age is here, but probably 55, Grizzled old sergeant or worn officer, you know, go and then teach, teach shooting at the Canadian Army sniper school, you know, as a, as a contractor or something, or I don't know. Yeah, but the point is for me is when I, I never even, like, I would say maybe in my mid 20s, I would get fired up like, hey, like we might put tune. like getting up early and going, because I was, you know, right up until I moved out of the house, like I was training for a bodybuilding show. But they're more powerful than you might think because think about like even like with drinking or something like this where. I kind of started feeling arrogant, you know, like, like, I'm, I'm jody medic and I work my ass off and I'm going to party my ass off this weekend because I can't. So like I was getting these weird zits on, in like weird places and stuff like that. That's why like friends like you and things like this, podcasting in our generation is how we do that. It get back to really basic food and, and, and liquid intake, you know, like the cold brew that I was drinking when we got here, like, there's nothing else in it. And you know, people tell you something like, you know, going out for the seals. And like I said, they were offering me a job or like, you know, we were in talks about maybe working there. And, and for the most part, like I said, everyone's been understanding like, and it makes it easier for me to talk about, you know, one of the reasons Like, you're the same, you're like me, but like, and Kelly's the same. There's the other part of it is if you look at it as a problem solving situation, you know, like it's like, okay, he's not beating me up. And you know, and I was like, oh, okay, I was like, cool, whatever. I thought being the counselor would let me like, you know, have a spot, open it, like be there for meetings, but it's just, it's not just the work. You know, soap on a rope and like I was like, Oh that sounds cute. You know, and a good, a good friend of mine who's out of so a big political reporter in Canada called me one day and he said, you need to meet me for lunch or you've just, like, you got to say something or else you're going down. But, and, man, I, I just, and, you know, I did go through a period where losing my legs became a real problem there and Kelly's nodding your head because she saw it, you know, like, when I couldn't wear my legs, I couldn't drive my car. I would just know that from dealing with a bunch of guys over the past, you know, 30 years that were having issues, be like, hey, man. And, and I, and I know you say, I don't know you, but I, I, I, I couldn't do, I couldn't achieve what I'm doing now without the support of people like you and my life. And I'll tell you right now, I did some, some behavior that I'm just like, you know, I don't know. Well, it's like, you know, your elbows are designed for, you know, certain amount of weight bearing, right? You know, like, even people that love you to death can't be around you because, you know, you're just not. And you know, it's, you know, the extreme ownership comes in here because even when I, you know, when I first back 20 years ago when I first got sent back to training as punishment for being an idiot, I owned it. It was like, let's be honest and clear about how, you know, you start one once placed and end up in another, but you have to, you know, you have to realize it, mistakes happen. Because while you have the pressure on and you're using them, like a kind of, you know, you spray in an ankle maybe, you know, and you go around on it. And it's so, like, you're going to like, you're going to, you're going to hate it. And it's, you know, sometimes I, you know, I stopped responding for a while because of where I was, but now I'm getting back, like I wear your t-shirts again, bro. But now try weight bearing on your fore, you know, unless you really work at it, you know, and even then the skin there will never take weight like your elbows will. And I've anything, you know, like you could, who knows but to put, you know, I knew guys I woke up and drank whiskey with breakfast. You know, and I don't know, I didn't touch anything since like high school when my buddy's hot mom sold hash. Especially, you know, like what's, I know he was a German, but in World War II, his orders were find an objective in kill it. I know this sounds we by like, you know, when you're addicted. Like I know, I know it's weird. All right, the first show, we did good, but, you know, even back then, like, if things were, things were getting to be a little dicey with the politics and with the home life and stuff. You know, you could, you know, easily thrown a vehicle or something like that. If you look at it and since you're who you are and how you are, you're going to, you're going to have trouble avoiding the part that it's like, yes, this person is like beating me up. And, but when I first got there, some of the other clients told me like, When I first got there, they were like, this guy is a murderer. But if it's not like that important to you, but you're going to be like, all right, I need to tell you what happened, bro. You're having to say things that you don't really feel like saying, you're having to talk to people that you really don't feel like talking to. So just to help out like a layman, a grass guard is to avoid getting like drag across the mats and other people skin, right? I just, but also like I quit smoking and drinking honestly dude, like I said it was a problem because at the time it was, but it was because I was doing all the coke because then it levels you. and and I took my legs off after because I just, I went there straight from the flight because I want to see the girls and I took my legs off and like she, like my ex, she was there the night I was wounded. But I even, you know, anyone that knows me knows that I don't bullshit for the most part, you know, because, you know, sometimes I'll mess with it with you, just for fun. Like, you know, if you want good people around, you have to be a good person. And like same with like my podcast, your pod, people come to you, I'm sure, out of the blue with lots of things. Like you said, man, like you're right. Yeah, you know, and you said earlier, and I held onto the thought, you said, hey, you know, you got to take care of yourself first. and she'd be like, you get another message from someone who heard John Joco and I'm like, yeah, and my podcast is in order to be found in the book. So does the coke make you feel like a momentary, like, okay, I've got this? It was more about like, hey, I know we're not going to have a good time about tonight. Like, okay, I just should go right now and you don't because someone's like, Hey, come on.