It's kind of like, you know the, it's like, not linear, but you know the path of, like, from start to finish that whole path is like a big creative learning battle fight twins losses like a, it's a whole path. It's like, you know, like, you know, like, people have a routine, like, tenet, you know, every night for 30 minutes, they watch TV with their kids or whatever. Way more than you would think anyway, because, you know, even when I'm like real busy, you know, if I can accurately remember my day, I can remember like just like five minutes here, 15 minutes there, like that I did something that was a waste of time. But if you're like trying to read, you know, if you want to read more, whatever, consider like, even like, let's say we start recording this for a second, we're going to look at the boss of our phones. But because it's like the frustration is like pushing you know, but then it's like at the end of the day, it's all just one big game, you know. You know, like, if you're like, okay, good, you know, you got me out. Like you like you like double leg or whatever you like grab. Yeah, so almost like, actually straight up, where doing the right thing and avoiding conflict is kind of like, they're not that opposite, you know, where doing the avoiding, you should, and I'm totally just interpreting this, trying to do it. I know real, but the thing is like for a, and I say from the outside, I can see how that could, you know what I don't like. And then you know how like when you vacuum over like I don't know, let's say it's a big piece of land. Well, what bothers me the most about this question is, I feel like I feel like I feel like I don't do a good job of explaining this. You know, when you go to the doctor and he's asking, oh, yeah, like all the stuff you see him writing down, you know, in your chart, whatever, even though a doctor situation is good, because you want him to go evaluate it later, whatever, you don't give you cure, but same deal, man, same deal, you're with those notes. And the thing is, right when the timer goes off when we're done, it's like, it's like a avalanche of like, She's elective. I'm like, there it's kind of like, it's kind of like, sure. but it's like at, you know how like when then you know what else you'll do? Yeah, if they were like having an individual meeting, I would dig it, and then, but if they're like taking notes, I'd be like, wait, where are you taking notes? So if you had a camera like once you said like, imagine your video, video tape, like, what if you were being video tape all day? And you actually get this weird, like, well, I actually, like, I'm going to learn a little something from this right here. You know, like, when you, when you want to, like, you double guy out any once to start from that same position or whatever. And for you, it's real specific because it's like rolling with you isn't like this, it's like, very specific scenario. Like, oh, like, or all like push here or something. You haven't ever like jumped and like put a rear-note could choke on or something like that. Like if you are discipline with your time, you will have a lot of free time, like a lot, a lot of free time. And know that if they put up a video that has, if they put up a thumbnail of a video, and it's got a heavy machine gun in it, they know they got a good chance I'm going to click on it. What do you think is the, like, the biggest ones that people are, you know, that you know, the biggest activities that they could, versus the short game, you know, where it's like, and we can keep that perspective, these things become a little bit more clear, you know, they always do. It's more like, okay, I'm going to put together this, like, defense and combine with this little thing and whatever. But I could see, you know what, though, from an offensive standpoint, like from your position and someone's like, okay, we start from there. Like you don't pull and he probably probably be like, I'm not, I know. You know, in his head, it is, you know, it's like, okay, this is my fault. And then they're like, then they want to keep going like, as if that just didn't happen. And when you write it down, it's kind of like, bro, like, you're going to take all this information and sort of do some sort of evaluation for me. Unless you think like, oh, yeah, overcome fear, meaning like, I'm not scared of it anymore. Hey, do you know, like dig in and when you dig in on stuff, then you have less of a chance of something going wrong. Well, it's not about, like, okay, I'm going to like beat up, Joc. Yeah, I mean, you said it like, you're like, oh, long you've been married. It's like, is there a time where it's like, hey, there's gonna be conflict? But I was like, I started like going into this whole pitch to my friend. It's like kind of, like, if you're saying you could read. I would still look at that and think to myself, how could I have allowed this guy to not realize what a disaster it is, how much trouble he's going to get in, what kind of international incident he's going to cause, how that's going to hurt us in the team strategically, all those things. First lumber comes his like, yeah, you know, saying, hey, let me read. It's not that it's like to, to practice new things that I feel like I'm getting a hold of. Obviously, because you make it obvious, but then what that does to me is like, man, it's like, you don't really take me seriously right now. But if the quarterback's going to take extreme ownership, he's going to be like, hey, no part of the, hey, this happened. Oh, when I first started hearing it from you, that was like one of the things that popped into my head, like, as being really obvious. It's easy to be on the outside when you're going to parks and if your job is like, I don't know, I press record, make videos or whatever. It's like any time when we get like anything's out of frustration. Don't they say that like reward and encouragement is like way more powerful than punished. And I'm like, I like the way that sounds. And like I said, you've got to remember that there's no guarantee that when you pour life into idea, into an idea, there's no guarantee that that idea is going to come to life too. Like, even if a guy got in trouble out in town, got drunk, got in a fight, did something stupid. And that's why I noticed a psychological devastation that you sort of had today is because after the time the time went off we're done, it all came to me like, man, you just got destroyed psychologically so bad. I mean, I probably, I don't even know if I, I probably, I think I had like a one or two captains mass where I had to bring somebody in and drop the hammer on them. And I was like, I mean, it's not, it's not like it's a big deal. Or do I just be like, you know, I'm not going to chance anything. Like, you won't say that, but your body will be like, oh, that push is so hard. Then you're like, okay, my brain is like barely functioning. I'm just saying, you know how people they like take a watch. And, you know, at some point, maybe you see a little six year old girl getting shot and you think, you know what? Meanwhile, we're taking Mike and Mike is going to go down here and he nails this procedure and he's going to spend, by the way, in extra 15 minutes a day during lunch, he's going to get Bill's trained up so Bill can eventually think. I didn't, like, maintain the composure that I think is required to function at a, you know, at a better level than I did today. But where, you know, like this, okay, fear, how do you overcome fear, step go. That's the one where like you really got to be in the know. Don't you know, it's like, it's a little bit more cut in dry with the rear naked choke. People are like, do you know what are you talking about? At the same time, when it's over and the time was appropriate, it's like you've got to connect with what happened and make sure that you are dealing with it appropriately. Like frustration like groans or grouse. And kind of like you, when we were now, we're driving, that he didn't mean, you know? He's like, he's like, I was so fired up. And it's like, doesn't taste like some diet. but sometimes you get legitimately like, like you make noises. For all my jiditsu career, you know, if I have a good role with someone and I, and I, and I, you know, do good against them. You know, like, right? Actually, most of the time, pretty much all the time, I'm not trying to, like, the goal is never to tap anyone out today. You know, kind of, it's what it feels like. It's kind of like, way, way, way. You, well, I would kind of be like, well, we both know. But I was, I then I'm like, okay, because you know, I mean, I did whatever move I did.