Maybe another area of evaluation is like, you know, improvement or you know, how should you say, or back when you're young, you know, they give you that most improved kind of thing. You wouldn't think that the military, especially like the seal teams, you know the big tough seal is going to have a hard time telling someone hey this is where your performance is could be better, right? Where, you know, because you get this in other places to where it's like, oh, you know, it's just a, just here's your quarterly valuation and I just put force, you know, because I don't have any complaints about you kind of this. So like, okay, so, you know how you ever have a guy who like loses temper and then like you say, hey, you kind of lost it there. You know, I kind of was thinking to myself, yeah, I, that's right, you know, if you're unsat, I am going to be hard on you. It's got a Texas morning from a buddy who said, he had a, this is going into the book, but he had a nephew who had been through, you know, a rough time and 10 years old, got him the Warrior Kid book, boom. So that was kind of funny, but, you know, after that, after I got into a suit, tuned in, all, you know, everything was four point O all the time. Then you got to have the opposite where it's like, oh, we all know, no, no, it's going to get a five. And you wouldn't think that the military, right, the military would have a hard time telling people like hey here's some areas where you need to improve. And I kind of took pride in that, you know, because I, at that time, I wasn't really playing the game, you know. And, you know, he said something along the lines of, you know, I got ranked in the middle of the pack and how did this happen? And I was, I guess, you know, I talked to my friends, they knew we got four point O and everything and everyone got four point O except for me. And as I was doing that, as I was listening to this guy, you know, it's thinking myself, you know, this guy's a hardworking seal. And in that way is better for obvious reasons, but at the end of the day, it's like, when you say, oh, yeah, you can literally be like you're topping out. I don't know some people don't care about some things, but sometimes people don't actually understand what it is that they're supposed to be aiming at. It was like a glitch in the game where you could like go to this one level And do the thing with a turtle shell and keep jumping on it and get like a thousand men. And he looked at me and he said, you know, I, I give you a three point eight in, you know, in human relations because. But then again, then you're going to, then if you choose, you can revisit or you can visit that video that Pete put out about like, you know, how amazing. It's the book that's going to show people that you, it's going to show people the path. Just kind of, you know, white T it's, you know, at first, but now sort of a stable. And I think I might have talked about this before, but my first evaluation that I got at a seal team, I wasn't even an opportune yet, I was going through the initial training that you used to do to seal team. You're crushing you I want to you have someone like that working for you and you're in heaven because this guy's going to make things happen. So discipline, if you are going to train jiu-jitsu, or you're going to do something that's going to require physical output. Like a lot of people just don't know. Like it was like 10% of your people could be ranked at the highest level and then 20% of the next tier. By the way, how many people do you think do you know that don't exhibit any discipline or stability under pressure? And I got a four point O and everything, but I actually got a three point eight in a category called human relations. They don't even know they don't even understand what the eminently qualified human being is how they are going to act in these situations. There's nothing I can imagine you're going to regret more than when you look back at your life and you said, You know, I didn't achieve what I could have achieved.