So like if there's certain shifts going to be made or certain like rules going to be implemented or whatever, you know, like, hey, we're going to move, we're going to demote this or we're going to move this person out of this department because he's just he's he's he's he stinks or something like he has B.O. You know, like if even on a super low or level, like, you know, if you made it through some little thing, like, I don't know, like one of these Spartan races or something. You know, like, you know, some people their name, I don't know, for example, hypothetical example, like, let's say he's like, hey, my name's Jonathan. Is that kind of like one like, you know how you get the husband or the boyfriend or whatever that like, you know, does something bad? You know, like, like if you're not that you bring the tried in here, but let's say for whatever reason you're right, I can't just grab it and then like, kind of put it on. So I'm like, oh, you know, yeah, that little party is like kind of like, you talk like a lot about where like there's like battles and then there's the overall victory and like there's all this stuff. Yeah, I've been doing this for 28 years and then like that day and the person figures out like a way better way to do it and you're like, dang, bro, you've been wasting your time for 28 years. Yeah, they can, and sometimes too, where like, like how you mentioned before, like some people can't take the truth, you know? And the next station has this like, it's almost like a like a fishing line on a, what do you call like a wheel. I mean, unless it's like, you know, to train or something like this, but like just around is only the origin shorts of the shark. Because I don't know if their friend is like going to represent, you know, I don't know if the friend is on the path. He was like, you know how like the Navy seals like they have the tried in. So, I'm sure it's like, you know, if you go through your routine, like, you know, with the store. But you see new guy come, you know, because he's sort of, you know, when you come and train for the first time in gear in some class is kind of like most of those people. and he's going to be like, cool, like, why, though, like I'm done to do it, but why do you be transparent? So like the way it's like, it's like, it's a problem. Like some people, you know, I've just been like giving people my black belt. But this is a little bit, it's like one, maybe like three or four levels better than, you know, a poster. But nonetheless, they're like super like 300 L jeans or two figures or something like this. Like, oh, you know, like a blue belt or a purple belt. If you think you're going to get promoted, you're not going to get promoted unless you know this stuff like the back of your hand. Yes, you know, like you can sort of predict you like, hey, that's small. This is one of those things where you know when you hear that people that monti was a little bit like lact tact, this is one of those things where I think well did he read this. No, actually, there's a thing where there's a thing where, like, I seal, will give his wife like a little necklace with a try it on it. There's the dramatic parts when you're like nothing's going to get in my way, but yeah, like you sacrifice so much where. Yeah, nothing's going to get in my it sounds like even at the cost of like half of my men or something. Just like I said, like, some things they're teeny, but they're not going to give it to you. You know, on this thing and he told me is like, you know, some stuff in me. You know, I was talked about the senior enlisted guy, you know, a platoon chief or an task unit or, you know, a platoon or a company, an army company. So yeah, so in that guy's defense, it sounds like that, but again, the whole speech really, I mean really the one of the main actually the takeaway if not anything is like winning what is winning. Back then, you know, like long time ago, there are just things in general, we're a little bit more blunt. So I'm not sure why he, I'm not sure why he sees that great distinction between you know they're being no like there's no political things. Jason Gardner's like, like pulls out his bottle of discipline going. That, you know, I don't know if I like this. You feel like everything, it's like little things. And we, you know, I asked it, let's let's look at doing something online and Lave was initially like, what makes sense by the way? Because what you're doing right now, if you're going to move up, you've got to really know, it's going to take you some extra study.