You ever see these kids, like, I don't know, like a TV show or documentary type, whether in, I don't know, somewhere in Asia or some village where the four year old girl goes and she kills a snake and skins it and then walks like in the mud for another mile back home, cooks it for the family, you know, like, and you're like, dang that cross for. You Man you gotta remember that right you gotta remember that you're not ever gonna have good morale unless there's like an element of hardness to it and Continuing on hardship and privation are the school of the good soldier Idleness and luxury are his enemies Men will endure great hardships if they know why and are convinced of the necessity Blood toil tears and sweat is not for nothing One of the great rallying calls of the English race gorgings cry guns before butter expressed the same truth if men believe in the need hardships are in themselves Stimulate to morale but the opposite is also true let there be any suggestion that butter can come before guns and the men will at once choose butter If this happens there will be no morale in this sense of the definition Hymeralaz is possible in defeat, but not during a long period of defeat On such occasions confidence and leaders will never be wane and the first basis will be undermined success Will aid good morale by creating confidence in the leader and in the command this factor requires no enlargement Next one is regimental tradition Regimental spirit can be a powerful factor in making for a good morale The more a soldier feels himself to be identified with his regiment the higher will be his morale if the four essential conditions have been fulfilled It must be realized however That not only that there can be a good morale without strong regimental feelings But that regiments with great tradition do not necessarily always produce good battalions So the tradition which there's some units that have awesome traditions and You know being with some of those some of those units overseas. Because, you know, when one of my older kids that are, you know, my age when I wasn't a seal-up tune, it's like, you know, you're asking me how to do, like, some such simple life thing, yeah, or asking me to do it for you. Then we get propaganda the uplifting effect of modern propaganda on a soldier is Perhaps a new development A man's morale is raised immensely by the feeling that his efforts are appreciated and applauded not only by his comrades and his officers but also the world at Large you gotta you gotta get that propaganda working for you I've had a couple companies I've been working with lately and one of them was being assaulted by It's competitors and It had a better product It's product was doing well, but they were getting assaulted and they were getting assaulted by the way with lies Like the competitors are just making stuff up right making stuff up put that word out there Roomers on officially and you know here's the thing the CEO was kind of Did most of what you're what to do And they must pay attention to numerous contributory factors of considerable but secondary importance and here's how we close it out Man is still the first weapon of war His training is the most important consideration in the fashioning of a fighting army All modern science is directed toward his assistance, but on his efforts depend the outcome of the battle The morale of the soldier is the most important single factor in war So there he is saying it again the morale of the soldier is the most important single factor in war and as I said I will argue with that Because as far as I'm concerned without question leadership is the most important thing on the battlefield and I'm actually like I said I'm thinking I'm right But I'm telling you even it doesn't matter if you've got it you people have to understand there has to be some kind of a deeper causes to what you're doing Or else you're gonna have real problems sure you can order people if they're constrips and you can punish them if they don't do you what you're gonna tell if they don't do What you tell them to do you can punish them that is a way But that is not going to be a successful way, you know, that is not gonna be the ideal way and by the way If you're not using the ideal way you may win But this part talking about like, you know, when you start talking about leadership and being a team player and being a good leader and being a good follower and being smart, and tactically sound and being a good decision makers, those are the things that matter. I don't know if I want to even like something stupid, like not something stupid, but you know buying a house, right? Hey, I was gonna go work harder, but it's such men are the minority, but they are a large minority They are a reminder that happiness cannot buy itself produce good morale Next is administration of men's ordinary day-to-day life must be well organized thus hard conditions imposed on him Intraining to inculcate discipline do not rule out the desire ability of good living quarters and In the line a soldiers morale will be much improved if the administration Administrative arrangements are good and if he is assured of proper conditions with a reasonable amount of Leisure and comfort when he leaves the front Leisure day Were you at Were you at the o'von But if you're a guy that's going to speak up every time a decision gets made because you think maybe a different way that might be a little bit better in your mind, you're going to suffer the consequences of number one, the whole platoon being in decisive and number two, your boss is going to tell you to shut up because your idea that might be 8% better than his idea. it comes from good leadership Self respect where does that come from in this I'm not I'm not saying that this is what Monty saying Monty said that discipline comes from leadership Monty said that Kamradi ship comes from leadership Monty said that self respect comes from leadership So as far as I'm concerned, no offense, it's far as I'm concerned, leadership is the most important thing on the battlefield, but that being said, let there be no doubt that morale without question is necessity and a requirement for victory. I always feel like, when my dad or whatever would say that, and I feel like if I say it to the my kids, they're going to be thinking like, Yeah, but it's not cool. Yeah, you know well, but and the the point is like some people that's how you know Something's going wrong at home. And it's not like, you know, when you're like 18 years old, maybe a lighter weight person or something, it's like you tend to sort of heal faster. But it's like, you kind of know, you know, like, it's different. You know, like that things can seem so much like they can seem like a very, something very specific. It's almost like, I mean, you think, but it seems like making them feel what, like empowered or strong, right? And so to show up at a team, what's the most important thing when you get to a team, the most important thing when you get to a team is to be a team member and be a leader in that team or a follower in that team. I was confused, but I know my daughter, like she's like, she's softy like that. Maybe I think it depends on the individual like it depends on the circumstances I think What may be better to look whether it's a distraction on is it like what's going on at home? It's like, we talked about last time, you know, you can't just be like, who, when I was, yeah, no, you need to be, I need to do a better job. So my kids will do that a lot, you know, like, all but what is, you know, all these questions kind of thing indicating, they don't want to do it. We're going to work together so much that if you think, you know what, I'm not sure Joc was making the right call, but at least I'm going to start to execute it. Yeah, kind of like when you like, let's say they had to like screw on some stuff or okay. Yeah, you know, like as it's just like, put a little bit on it. Because I don't want an 18 year old Marine thinking, whoa, you know, I found a like with the platoon commander says, I'm just going to tell him no. It's like, man, you can't put it into perspective where it's like, these are kids who are just like, making it happen. And you know things happen and what he says in part of his speech was like hey, I don't know who private Ryan is. And then you drive an hour and 20 minutes to get back to Coronado when you get back, you're going to debrief you're going to get take care of your zodiacs then you're going to take care of your dive rigs then you're going to take. You know there'll be like hey that like Again, I'm sorry for another movie reference, but there's something called true lies Arnold's We're today. You know, like, not in a rice cooker too, by the way, just like on the stove regular. But when you take a step back and you think about what you like when I think about my old job, and I'm talking about going back to the 90s, right? Because if you're like, hey, are you trying to, like, I don't know. You're going to need cognitive skills and you know, you're going to need some physical skills or some physical enhancements. You know, you know, you know, that's kind of off the. So then he he brings it back a little bit for these few cause will be a sustaining and strengthening factor and maybe of greater importance to them than any of the other four factors There are times when a few men will be gripped by a cause and will perform astonishing deeds of heroism to further it Such men do not require the ordinary bonds of discipline which unite and strengthen others their devotion to the cause is in itself all sufficient Nor do they require the same kind of leader that has been described name themselves will all be leaders Such men may be properly described as Gorilla or irregular fort fighters fanatically devoted to a political religious or national ideal They must not be confused with conscript soldiers to whom this paper applies So there you go. And it's almost like, just, maybe it's like, then being hesitant, maybe it's everything, you know, all the same. Like if you don't care about what you're eating, like you're just like whatever. And like I was the craziest, like, it'd be like, he, you could see in his eyes. Like when I was on with, when we had Captain Plum and Jim Conkelon, and they were like throwing me in the basket of being like them. So that's what propaganda is Now we are moving into the conclusion right here In brief Hi morale has been defined as the quality which makes men in dirt and show courage in times of fatigue and danger The cultivation of morale depends upon the training of leaders the inculcation of discipline The encouragement of comradeship and the infusing of self respect the leaders must have a belief in their cause Obviously and they're at this part Where they're kind of questioning things you know guys, you know morale is breaking down And this is just after, you know, Peter at T. is telling me about all the horrible, like cognitive problems that are going to give you cause. So fear is good, we know that fear is healthy, we know that until you let it dominate your mind Now as we know from hack and from general muka yama like, hey, if you treat your people right, doesn't matter that the draft is. Like, does this we like to have our own little rice balls, peaking the price, right? Speaking of comfort, if you like even so I got into writing like a little bit. Every routine, a team dynamic where like when everything is going good. But, you know, you know, you're going to do it. So the morale is so it's like not to be confused because you do need like the rest between sets. but here a warning must be given There is a danger today of welfare being considered as an end in itself and not as a means to an end One of the means of maintaining morale welfare by itself will not produce good morale because it is essentially soft And it has already been stating that morale cannot be good unless it contains a quality of hardness Leave me alone about like, figuring, but then if you're like, hey, go, make the DMV appointment, go and Google, figure it out, kind of things. Like, from my, if my dad would tell me that kind of stuff, I'd be like, yeah, You're going to run out of oxygen, once you run out of oxygen, you're going to come to the surface, and then you're going to swim on the surface for another. And then spread it and if she's a grown up, essentially, you know, she's going to She's going to read it. And then, whether you don't want to or you don't know how to, you're just sketch about, you know, the whole thing you ask a lot of questions. So there's you're going to have these situations that are going to, so in a normal infantry, the platoon, there's going to be less push back. She actually takes it in a, in a positive way, like, she'll have a look on her face like dang. When my son was like 10 years old, you know, and he might sound a good surfer. So if you're one of these leaders, you're in a leadership position and you think, well, you know, how do I raise my morale of my men? You're going to take care of your personal gear, then you're going to take a shower and then you're going to sleep for three hours. This is, you know, people talk about being frozen by fear or, or have you ever had that thing where you're not quite sure what you're going to do? Well, once your lives are at stake, people just don't rod your up to say, hey, Ecos plans kind of lame to go charge the machine gun nest, but you know what he's in charge, so I'm going to go do it. She's like, I like, it one thing's don't go her way in certain ways. Like you need the day off or something very specific, like some sort of fatigue situation or whatever. An hour and a half up the coast and then you're going to, it's going to be dark and you're going to put on your drag or rebreather That's not that that doesn't work that doesn't work in America and in you know you talk like look at that That letter I read from the beginning. Yeah, it's weird because like you know guys that work sometimes