But being treated like a door mat, like I said, like, if you know how, like, people are just so, you know, people up, people, please are type of person, like in a relationship or something, like, you know, like, I don't know, I can't think of an example, but can't have a movie reference that's very pathetic. It'll be just total, like, whatever you need or want, you got it, and then like the one time, they say, hey, I want to go shopping on this, they be like, oh, shopping, well, you got to do this, you got to do this, you got to do this, you know, like that kind of, where it's like a disproportionate, like relationship, you know, kind of thing. And this goes for like anyone, like, you're, anyone you're dealing with, like, even your friends kind of thing, you know, where they, if you know for a fact that they don't want you to do it. You know, like, because, you know, just like we were talking about before we started this podcast, if I let you know that whatever you just said to me, bothers me, but I can expect you to just keep getting after that thing until I snap it. The only difference that I could detect is that it's not as like overtly sweet as like one from like a, you know, like you get a strawberry milk shake. Yeah, if you kind of like how you said, like, don't abuse it, where, you know, there's levels to it, where there's like little things. So then, and I could see this maybe happening because every once in a while, like, you know, you kind of run into these scenarios where like, someone does something that you, you don't really like or you don't, I don't appreciate the way they treated me right there during that scenario. But then if you have to go back and do like some investigation of your whole like relationship with a person to understand, okay, now I see how that could have been interpreted back last year, and then maybe three months ago, and then maybe last week, and then like right now, okay, I'm after, you know, then it doesn't compute naturally. Anyway, if you're like a people pleasing, you do everything for, you know, and then they don't do it back, you know, kind of thing, like, You know, the dog thinks he's because, you know, I mean, getting treated like a dormat that could look like a bunch of different things. But, you know, I did it mean to kind of think where it's kind of like, hey, because the person doesn't want an apology for necessarily the actual words you said, it was like, what you did? But in a way, you sort of had to, I mean, I'm sure you've sort of, you're sort of familiar with this, you know, even like painting that picture, it's like, it's obvious you're familiar with this, you know? You know, whatever, like whatever the thing is, right, you treat customers like that and they're going to go, okay, well, we don't really want to shop with you Yeah, but nonetheless, like, just how you say like how you ask their input kind of thing, it's like you include them in the thing that is not just asking it. Sometimes people just do that because you haven't ever said to him, like, you know, like, Hey, man, are you ever going to get me coffee? So like, you know, and right now as a right now, there's no way I would do like a weight loss workout. You can actually add like a little, like a, maybe like a third cup, whatever. You know, like it's not like seals are walking around going, oh, this person wasn't a seal. You know, especially if I'm like super focused and it's like, Dang, I didn't think about my kids or family all day today. But it is his responsibility, like you said, to be like, hey, I can't hold on to this thing, you know? But is because you have a challenge that's a little bit more obviously like you against like an obvious challenge, you know, and you against the person. But if it's the kind where it's like, like, in C, why he'd want to do it maybe this way, or maybe not even necessarily want to do this way. So, if you're feeling that because I did, I did the feeling of like, I, I feel like I'm not being as loyal to my family because I'm like focusing on work. So like if you, if there's one that's like how you said, like, he told you not to do something. When I was on his, you know, we were basically saying like workout, you know, feel better and everything got all mad. Like, I want you to know, like, what can I, can we do anything? You know, like remember on that sign filled that apology, I was talking to someone, I was talking to someone like a Black Hipology. Whereas now that I'm older, if someone was to freak out like that on me, I would instantly recognize, think of myself, like, you know what? You know, like it's like, hey, I'm doing my job. And then the lady, of course, is all like, oh, no, you know, like I did this. Mom makes a pretty good sandwich, you know, and then both you break out the lunch bucket, like, you know, go with it. Because there's, you know a dog, if you know dogs at all, dogs have a posture and they have a posture and their ears are down and their tails down when they get fired up, boom, ears are up, they're on alert, they're back as they get the cackles can stand up and everything that means like, okay, that's even before growling, that's happening. You know, like being a, you can't just laugh those things off in life, you know, you do have to do that, relationship, that's great. They're going because at least partially because when faculty was around like part of those memories are facts memories, like only he could tell us what he was thinking at that time.