And when you get to, you know, Tony, BTF, Tony, we're used to joke about you and you got like, you know, you got problems going on, you know, at home and everyone's just like bothering you and you just like, get on a, you just get on a C13 ball. And you say, you know, like, I don't know even, like, in my case, like, you're from my friend, who has me like a question. If you eat like crap, you're going to feel like crap, you're going to look like crap, you're going to perform by crap. And that that part can kind of be intimidating, you know, where it's like, like, let's say, you know, the real obvious one, it's like eating correctly and exercising. Especially like the numbers, the numbers are like, bro, you killed one Japanese person for like every one point, something other person, like enemy. And so, you know, most of the time you don't like, want to exit like that's not a natural thing, I think, to like, I would say that's true. And then I'll be like, wait, and I'll kind of cover all the aspects of the question, like, all fluidly, and I'm like, dang, I kind of said that kind of good right there. Right, but it's like the kind of the functional use of that respect is like, you know, I'm gonna come, I'm gonna, you know, appear before you kind of thing. And it's like, yeah, okay, that sounds cool, but man, after a while, big picture, you're like, okay, I'm well, you're not divine, you're just a person and the whole absolute power crept us absolutely, it's like that's a very high likelihood and all this stuff. And this is, we're just talking about working out with this goes for kind of everything, where if you familiarize yourself over the years of the payoff, like your body kind of accommodates that, like your body's like, if you don't, you get a door fence and you get addicted to it. Because do you remember, I mean, when you're a boy, when you're 10 years old, when you're 11 years old, 12 years old, like you're already looking at girls like, oh, I want to hang out with that thing right over there. Yes, when you don't work out for one day, two days, what, you know, however many days, you can be like, your body's going to be like, hey, we need that workout now. But when you can have something like this where it's like, hey, the emperor there, you know, they're benevolent, they're defined, you know, all this stuff or whatever. Isn't it like a symbol of just extreme discipline, like, no your place, like, no your role, no your place? But if you're you or someone who's like, you know, an athlete all their life or something like that, someone who who reap the benefits, they know they're familiar with with the payoff. You know, I always felt that like, especially at 18, if you're committed to like, I don't know, if it, well, again, to each their own, for sure. That sounds like you're like, all freaking, like, proud yourself. So while you're doing jitsu, if you haven't started jitsu, if you haven't, like, because you know, there's a number of people who are like, hey, I hear the things, I'm on the fence. So it's like, about two bullets are worth more than you, really, in a way, you know, and some like person can just sort of make that determination with your whole life. And if you're good, like if you're a good officer, it's not like people are trying to avoid saluting you. But, yeah, like on a few good men, remember when he's like, hey, whatever happened that's alluding it officer when he leaves the room and then the guy puts his hands in his pocket. Whereas if you discipline yourself like, hey, I'm going to show respect to the people that are above me and the chain of command, I'm going to do a good job. But it's, yeah, to me, it's not like this crazy thing, like I never yelled at anyone for not saluting me, right? You know, like, it wasn't like they were holding their family, but they did a great job of brainwashed these kids. but most time too, though, if you're going to go for a run or go lift or something, like you're already familiar with like the payoff of that. And I'm like thinking myself, I'm like, you know, I should record it that. It was like, I don't know, 30, 40, 50,000 something like that. They're not like, like, you know, a power bar. So it's like so clear where you can be like, okay, I'm going to pay now. But if you, and if you have that attitude in life, like, hey, I'm going to work hard, I'm going to discipline myself. Well, and that's like, I was going to say that that's like one of the benefits of working. But at the end of the day, like you got to listen to this like one. And which we're about this document is it's got a lot of really, a lot of stuff in it that's when you hear it, it sounds, for like a little better word, it sounds good. Especially like to have to bow down to like some group of people that's the way it is. Do you have like a little like thing that's bad. Like I was like saying, oh, it's so awesome that guys are wearing. Even when you said when you were overseas, you didn't like, you know, you didn't want to think about your family, you don't want to do it. There were like, yeah, the emperor is like a lion. But yes, so they, you know, like, I don't know, 18, what do you do at 18? I made it a point to get like literally the shirts that like that I wear or that. And it led to atrocities like the raponang king and like unit 731, a just horror, horror show atrocities with the darkest evil imaginable. When I meet someone that has a commute that's like 10 minutes, they're like, oh, you put out these podcasts too fast. But what's interesting is it literally means like a fragrance, like a smell. Like, no one's just genetically yearning to go do a met con or something, run like a marathon or something. And even like, that's like a semi daily. I would say it's like, I don't even like these words snack. I'm like, do you stop on like three disclin gop. Like we're here to do the job like from eight to ten. You know, act in such a way that you're that people, you know, this is going to go back to the, hey, imagine you're being at someone's video and you at all times. And it's essentially like it sounds cool because you know how you, it kind of ties into it or you, okay. And discipline go, which is the pill form, when you, when you need, imagine, okay, you know what you feel like when you're in the zone. But let's say, like, okay, let's say I'm, I don't know, 35 years old will say, I've never really worked out ever.