If they know that's what they're trying to do, then they make better decisions, because they don't, but they'll make better decisions, because they understand what that broad strategy is, and it's certainly the same thing in business, and with business it goes back and forth too, because business, sometimes in business, you're, you know, I run into it with businesses where they're, for instance, trying to go public, so they need to make money every quarter, they need to show that profitability increase, and so the biggest thing they got on their mind is trying to show a good quarter, and they'll sacrifice some strategic things like, the sacrifice a little bit of taking care of their customer, because they want to scrape a little money out of it out of the situation, that's a bad strategic play, but they do it short-term at the time, because they know they gotta make money the quarters, they can come back and read less more. And you know, those guys were whip out the freaking, the wheelbooks, you know, like after they realized what was going on, which was like three days into our, our task unit, maybe like hey. Now, another way, you know, we were telling me another one about getting extracted in like a, like a, like a Russian, like hip 17. He was trying to like tell me product names and he's like he's like brain someone peacles, you know, pizza like Mr. creative. So some guys that come through, like when you're coming through in like, Hey, bro, like, we, I could do this like, be pretty straight up with you. One of the last thing and we're getting kind of like getting pretty long here, but, you know, one of the things I wanted you to talk about, and I know this isn't really, well, I guess it is, because as a leader of your family, I know that we, we have to, we have to lead our family, right? You know, and a lot of ways, he's like, some of the stuff you see out of guys like, you know, Travis Mills, where it's just funny. yeah, you put the thing on, you know, put that like, like, you know, you just put the coldness on the head. You know, if you're going to be in charge, it went from like this attitude that I'm kind of portraying right now of like, oh, you suck. And we were just, you know, and all of a sudden, you know, there's like, he's like, hey, it's only another half an hour before you go on. How you say, like you get along, like even if you don't, if you really don't like someone they don't ever know. And then, before I start executing on moving toward that, that goal, going to find that OP, I need to take some time and study the terrain and see what my, you know, line of attack is going to be and how I'm going to move all the way up to where I'm going to go. Because like, hey, your stone or your, you know, you've got a bunch of combat experience, you've got a bunch of combat awards, your, your, this big strapping dude, and by the way, you're going to go to Princeton. And even if it was the situation where I was saying, like, I might go back and tell the guys, like, hey, guys, this is what's going on. So, you know, it's just my nature to want to be at that point of friction, but that also makes me just, you know, want to go stick my finger in people's eyes and offend them and stuff like that. Once I'm my personally chased down some dude over multiple rooftops as a, in Baghdad, you know, like just got in the one man pursuit, well, I had another guy like trailing me, but basically, we're hitting a target. You know, we had guys survive 25 millimeter chain gun from from Bradley's and still stumble out of, you know, not friendlies, right, not not for me, but we know there was an enemy that made it out of buildings that had whatever, however many rounds a bunch of 25 millimeter chain gun rounds coming out of the building or coming to your building And I'll, quite frankly, when I started putting in an officer package as a young and less like, I was like, wait a second, these guys, I want these guys to think that I actually should be in charge. And you know that like, I should be getting up off my ass and getting into Princeton myself, or going, you know, you can't control whether or not you're deployed to combat. That one to me always felt obvious when I when I discovered like anger, like when you're mad, that's like something up with you kind of thing. And we'd be like, yeah, but guys wouldn't want to tell the platoon be one of these small things where, and, and, and, and I failed in this and in, and leadership a lot of times where it just like, I'll just let that slide. But when I look at them or like the last time I tried to sip one, I was like, you know, Yeah. He's like a little bit smarter, it does better on the test in school, and he's a little bit faster, and he can do more pull ups, and then like to take the cake, because he's a new kid moves in, and Mark still thinks he's got the ultimate punk card to pull, which is I do due to get to, and I can choke you some of the other stuff matters. So it's kind of like glacier, you know, every time I've taken like a foot back, I then move forward. You know, because it, like, it helps the relationship, helps morale, like, helps all these things, right? If I would have been a little bit smarter and a little bit better, I could have taken 15 minutes to send out an email and say, hey, everyone, want to let you know what this up was really like, is there really the obsomes, right? You know you talk about that kind of dark sense of humor and I think this story which you like called me I don't know whatever it was six months ago or whatever you go. Like how you would expect, you'd think like, if you subscribe, their stuff is going to sort of show up on your way to call it the home. But then the next deployment, it was like when I was, you know, when I was working with LaF and Seth, you know, it was me saying, hey man, come here. If you're not humble and you think you know everything then why should I listen to anything that you say you know why should if I'm on the far left why should I listen to anything I know everything and everyone on the right is wrong. I still have the opportunity when I was, you know, some guys that I'll, I'll still explain this to some guy that I haven't seen because you know, as you run to have a few, you know, seen in 15 years. So, but everybody's gotta know that, because if everyone thinks, hey, hey, the number one thing is we never let our customers out, okay, guess what, we lost money this quarter, now we can't go public, because we, and again, this is a really kind of garden level examples, but that's the kind of thing where what you're talking about if people don't understand what that longer term goal is, then they can't really operate and function on their own, which is a problem. It didn't really like that you know it's just not I'm out there all the time you're out there all the time now you know you see it Yeah, and you know Ben was like and Ben's a real nice guy he's you know very nice to me and and all that Whenever I feel that tension of, when I feel that tension of jealousy, when I feel that tension of, when I feel like, when I feel like mad at someone, for doing something, I automatically know it's me. And even when those things change, because as you know, you get into a contact or you get into a situation where you change what you're doing, you have to let everyone know that, hey, we're breaking contact, we're getting out of here, hey, we're going to strongpoint this building or whatever. And, you like, it, you know, for whatever reason I was like the last guy to go. Like a two face or a, you know, like let's say, all these are two face person or whatever. And people that didn't know me at all, you know, would be thinking, you know, well, this guy's a hyper aggressive and they're just out there, taking too many risks. When I got home and one of our good friends said to me, and he was all fired up and he's like, we were reading your, he's like, we read your A, R's or quarters every day. If you're doing the right thing, so the right reasons people are like, hey, you know what? They, you like, if you didn't like someone, they probably wouldn't know. I get strategic, I get what it means, and I'm not talking about, you know, global warfare, but when you're in a town, and you have a mission objective that, okay, we're going to get to this building, or we're going to move to this area, we're going to take this piece of terrain, and everybody knows that. So that was a real precursor to me looking at myself from the outside saying, I mean, I know what it's like to be an E5 and a platoon looking at the officer going, oh, you forgot that piece of gear, did you? I was telling him this stuff, you know, I was like, hey man, here's what's going on. and you'll answer those people always is, if you're leading someone like that, okay, you know what you've got, get the most out of them, take good care of them, and they'll do their job well