Mobility is also important and being able to move well and move smoothly, you know, there's that whole, I don't know if it's a trend going on right now, but this idea of movement training, you know, it's the same thing, you know, how, how are you going to move? yeah, you know, we, we don't eat, but we like to research and look into it and before I could really finish the sentence, I was going to say we, I like to look into all the programs that we donate to or think or consider donating to before I could finish the sound right when I finished the sentence. I was right behind the cutoff point, you know, they're like boom and the guy ahead of me gets through and he, you know, one guy ahead of me gets turned away. You know, and, I don't know, it seems like your joints kind of get rigid for it to be stronger, right? You know, was there people who would be, you could tell they were showing off to be like first, you know? You know, work the bicep and the same thing with the with the triceps and the same thing with all these, you know, movements that I kind of pretend to blow off because they're not full body, multi-joint movements, which is sort of the gospel of strength and conditioning. Yeah, and when I say go hard, I mean, like the muscular, you know, destroy, like if you can do squats until you can't walk, you can't do that all the time. You know, it's, you know, that the, I mean, another rehearsal would be like a, we work with a gas oil industry. Yeah, but for the most part, but they're not going to do this weird yo, you know how like some guys are, they're like double jointed or something. And the other of coming out of bonds and they're like, hey, you know, hey, you know, hey, come here. I'm talking about dealing with your boss or whoever think about using instead of thinking about, hey, I'm going to, you know, smash this person in the face and that's going to bring me the win. You know, as using things that didn't have any weight because I could do all that, but the minute I put weight on my back, you know, anything above body weight, it started to hurt. And it, you know, I think with one of the things that's, I think, I like me, I need more focus on that, because I don't do enough mobility work. And I would, you know, guys are, because you know, we're working hard during the day or during the night. but yeah, pushing too far seems kind of weird because like, yeah, let's say I don't know, you can stretch your shoulder way behind your back. Because until you know what war is like, or at least until you open your mind to understand what it is, where it comes from, what it does to people, then that's a whole, it's a whole part of humanity that you're not seeing. If you get into the take down that element, though, that, Yeah, but even if you want to, yeah, I'll be hard on your back, but even to take down elements, you know, if you're just going to do pure take downs, I think once you start putting your arms, you know, backwards upside down and behind in between your legs and then back up again, I think you're going to have issues with that. You know, so so if, let's say someone who's, you know, he's worked in office or whatever, he wants to lose some weight. And Eddie Bravo actually said this in a way where you know, little kids like little babies two years old. You know, you don't have a day or two days to, you know, analyze and make a decision. It's good to have that well roundedness, but you definitely want to use, you know, you definitely want to have a good ground game. And you think, oh, if I put all my force behind this small point of impact, man, that's really going to, you know, hurt somebody and take them down. And they're going to, you know, I'm going to put these, these things into the fitness ebook. And you know what, if you're a police officer out there or you're in law enforcement, then you know, Hannah, that's great. So I was just doing, you know, pistols and, you know, air squats, jumps and box jumps. That's actually, you know, Eddie Bravo, who's in GJ2, if you don't know what that is, GJ2, Blackbelt, really creative game. So even you know, a good example was was like our breach team, which is the team that kind of goes in to blow up a door. I could be wrong, but I feel suspect of my training methodology because I hadn't done curls in a long, long time because you know, you're thinking, hey, why would I do curls when I could do cleans, right? And you've got to recognize that, especially because if you don't recognize that that darkness is there, again, you're not going to see the beauty you have in your own life, and you know what? And I was going back and forth with somebody on Twitter the other day about, I'm like, you got to use the indirect approach with people. So you've got some, you know, the things with the things you hear me talking about all the time, the camaraderie, the the spree, decor, the brotherhood, all of it's just gone. And if you know what to do, if you know you get to, it's a no brain. But you know, I want to go into that scenario and I want to ask them a question when I'm training them that they've never, I want to give them a rejection that they've never heard before. And as time goes on, he's sort of starting to feel like the end of the war, and he's going to come which starts to actually intensify the fear for him. He'll like, he'll come down to the skate park where they're, you know, he got called or whatever. It seems like, you know, a musl is a very strong, I mean, a very small point of impact. For four or five days, I'm talking, you know, having a hard time sitting down, having a hard time standing up. So I was talking to a guy and was basically saying, hey, listen man, you know, we were going back and forth. And even, and you'll see sometimes when someone's trying to get, you know, gain control and I'll put their arm behind their back, like chicken wings situation, they'll do it. You talk to a phone salesman or an internet salesman or a, you know, whoever calls you up on the phone, they hear the same, the solar people, right? And, you know, actually, Gitu, like, if I have a sore back, I love getting on the mat. And he said something like, you know, we all need to put our eyes on him. So like curls, you know, I always do curls all the time. He and Bud did, was there like people who, um, like, let's say I was really good at running miles. So, and I think a lot of times you speak kind of from the same, you know, with the same results in mind. And you know what's in my opinion, interesting with, like, kind of calcettings. You know, I like to do some kind of jog, swim, surf, whatever. In fact, I always think that the working out prevents the injuries, you know, that I think that's true with everything. You know, you're not going anywhere so they kind of expect to tap. And if it's like when you work out, when you, if you haven't worked out for a long time, or someone that someone that just starts working out from nowhere, never worked out before, they're going to be sore as hell when they first work out. So you know how you just said, like, that's the gospel of strength and conditioning. Like when I, when I, you know, a lot of teams that. I mean, we work with construction companies and, you know, I talk a lot of times talk about safety with construction companies. And another thing is, as both those soldiers said, people shouldn't get to live without knowing what war is like. Because he doesn't know the control yet and if you don't tap really that's when you're going to get jammed up. And again, you know, I say this all the time buds and the SQT, which is the kind of the initial training after you get done with buds, which is the basic underwater demolition. And you know, the way we got into vehicles and out of vehicles, we always rehearse that.