she's like, yeah, because like when you get used to guys and meanwhile, there's like two guys scrolling like hard though. But I saw her wheels turning when she was like, like, yeah, you know, like, I will all see the results, you know. It's kind of like kind of like, you know, when you have a dog and you got to feed them the heartworm pills. You know, we were in when I was in Ramadi, you know, you see like picture of seals with like beards and all that I was rolling with a guy literally, like he's like trying to release my grip from his wrist or whatever, and like he's visibly angry, because he couldn't. So during one of the classes, they would have, you know, like, in my case, it was a rainy day where in the gym, there's like 607 of people sitting on the floor. When I got, when we got back that night, it wasn't just me that felt like that because that night, all my guys, they went in every humv every input belt fed machine guns, we mounted and we staged them. But a bit bomb like a 2000 pound bomb in order in areas that were so packed with vegetation that you couldn't get in helicopter and they're like, oh, we got a night. And the last thing I want to read from the book is just this section right here, the dedication, it says this book is dedicated to all sog reconnaissance team members, both US special forces and indigenous troops, as well as to every man in every air support unit, especially the King B pilots of the 219th South Vietnamese Air Forces special operation squadron who worked daily with sog teams on the ground across the fence in America's secret war. You need to come up with something where we have better backup, especially when the situation is because you guys can get air support and you guys used it heavily, but as soon as the weather rolled in, it was like, you guys are out there on your own. Where you uh, the other interesting thing that you talk about in the book, uh, I don't think it was one of yours, but even when you guys would do training missions over there, that was like a potential for enemy contact on your training missions. It still, it like it puts you in this mindset of like, you know, working and re-pain results of work. I thought we have, you know, like, you like we've seen in the movie with John. It's not like an accountant is like some, you know, scraping by sort of gay. And she said basically the stuff we were saying, where she was like, I was like, but I only see her sort of in the men's class. And the reason we called the company actually on front is because we wanted people know that we were the guys that were like in the front, not the REMS. You guys didn't have an A-Dob like a like a belt fed machine gun. Well, like I said or like you said, But you know, eventually we went out, learned about weapons a little bit along the way, and then of course when this came along, do we got to real deal? One time I was doing, you know, you got to have introduced you have risk control, you know, and varying levels of risk control depending on the position. If you're honest with you, I came back in, by the time I landed in the States, like May 1, May 2, 1969, the anti war movement was going on strong. Yeah, they're a piss because when King went down to the first chopper, nobody else followed and I said, you make sure you tell them, then you give me the green light, then we'll send some people, and then Bubba and I got on the second next track. So your kids instead of turning out to be like an obese, out-of-shape kid that you were like trying to, no, don't even put them on that path. So that was a slot so sometimes the guys would be wounded they couldn't go to the field but they could fly cubby got it so that when we're on the ground we have a situation that we're dealing with then he's able to understand as opposed to talking to an air force pilot right who's just used to getting a bomb and drop it somewhere and talk about a contingent liability that's been off of a firefight One of the guys at Rambeacon says, remember those pictures you got on the your second book on the ground there I said, yeah, No, no, no, no, it's like that's a, and there's a few people like that. But it was taking those couple steps, jumping in and going like, WTF2, what's going on here now? So I read the book and I said, you know what, if I'm going to go, if I can get in with these guys, that'd be a great challenge. yeah, that's amazing that you guys, and also you had the you had the cognizance to say, hey, wait a second, we've never worked with these helicopters before get out there and tell them we got some Vietnamese folks coming their way with AK 47s. You think he decided like this guy's probably got the drop on me and I want to live. She's like, when you get with it, and we kind of laugh because we she like motions to them. No, you got we got the whole wheat sandwich with like turkey from a real turkey with sprouted grains. So well it seems like like now it is night is no factor for America. Because I mean, I got just, I mean, this these books are, there's awesome the detail that you go on to and just the experiences you've had, which are just it's a miracle that you're sitting here, talking and able to tell us what you went through when, as far as I can tell, there's no way in hell you should be sitting here right now. Was this just like completely like he's you could barely even could you see his face at all? You know, I'm just going to, I'm just going to, for the record, if I go one insertion and I get shot off, I'm coming home. The weird thing is I guess and having worked in the jungle a little bit, you know, I spent some time in the jungle in South America in the Southeast Asia. Like it's not, I'm not saying it's like, or it's so serious. But just the weight, the rounds and everything else, you know, like a my case, I carried the radio, always carried the radio. That was just like, what do you like to eat? Like like, he spoke four languages, he had been educated in France and he cracked up my English. So you can go through the moves a little bit like more thoroughly I think in a way for lack of a better way putting it. and I actually thought in my mind, I thought we just got hit with a low order ID, like a low order boo, boo, boo, boo, we tripped that didn't fully explode. When the team came out, there was so shot up because one of the team members got a disney wounded on the extraction that they never gave a team okay. Frankly, I was sick and tired of getting shot out of LZs and I wanted to run a mission instead of going through the gut wrenching firefight on the LZs, which is, you know, again, I'm skipping around this book. And you were like, I was like, how's your knee or whatever? No, because right at that point it was like, hey, and I got a spare bunk. But the first time we were able to job real money and then the reality check, it was just like these guys are amazing. Also, if you want to hear more about important things like Hawaii 505 or other highly intense shows from Eko Charles or if you want to hear about leadership and war in human nature from me. But yeah, that naked feeling, yeah, because in a w in a situation like this, that'd be nice. But there's no talking between teens much because everything is like, you got a mission, you do your mission, they do it errors. And you're going every day or something like this, or you're just lifting every day. Yeah, you and I were talking a little bit about a Ramadhi when we were in Ramadhi and the one thing that we started doing immediately was going to the memorial services of the soldiers and Marines that were getting killed. You're not even thinking about the fact that you're thinking about the fact, yeah, here I just said, you're not even thinking about the fact that you are thinking about the fact that you don't want donuts, that you want to get in the gym, that you want to attack your project. It was the same thing like on Thanksgiving Day, we got distracted. If you want to know what John Striker Meyer looks like, you can watch this on YouTube. We'll offer benefits because you can get like the moves you can kind of do, you know, on a body that's more similar to yours. Nobody said upset because we had gone so far so fast violating all of our rules that the people up to hill didn't know what was going on down the hill. And so, you know, our training was we're going to work with the people there at the end of business people. When you set up a, when you're going to sleep at night or you're going to set up a rest overnight position, you're going to put out claymores. Like a lot of the sergeants for the old days when they came in, you had to be an E5 above more time and grade, et cetera, et cetera. So being the door gunner would just literally stop them and they're trying to like, one of those cartoons you see on the TV with the guys running and stops and gets a joke. You had this one idea or you know, the group had an idea of dropping like a big giant daisy cutter. And again, young doorgunners for sure coming to country and if they're not briefed properly because our guys dressed their reggly, they're not that they would look like NVA and then you guys continue on going back to the book by nine o'clock we had located the LZ and secured it at the clear area at several feet of grass on it and the ground was at an angle because it was on the side of the mountain again we heard dogs. But back then even when you put it in, and you got the last four seconds before it explodes, you're running and you could still, you want to make sure that you got a little protest on the black blast. And there's a lot of us that either got bored, like a miccase, flunked out, or just wanted some different, something different. So when we were going along a trail like with that big trail, we crossed it. And what if you just all of a sudden, like one day you go to the grocery store and go, now you got to deal with that? Because that exact reason, you know, you swing around a corner and you've got a 19-year-old on a 50-cal and he sees some guy with a beard and a gun, there's a chance you're getting shot. You guys would make claimors with like five second and 10 second fuses on him. Oh yeah, we carried the little, you know, you think about the traditional early old cassette recorder. Yeah again, if you have to get this book because I'm trying to pick some good stories, but these are just the kind of ridiculous things that are going on. That's like, you know, we did a big semester. You're not to beat out there like a low-mic that with just really limited support, you know. All I saw was the bottom of the chopper with the front of the struts sticking out to the right and left coming down like a giant praying mantis. I really like, there's a lot of value here in the guys in the men's class. Oh, it was good, but like, since I've been standing up on it for long time. You're not like, you know, I'm choking anyone for teasing for your carrots. That's another thing people need to understand is, because of where you guys were located, at a pretty good distance away from the bases, if there was no aircraft overhead, then you wouldn't be able to communicate with anyone because they would use line to site. The amount of risk that you guys were taken, it's it's crazy to read about like my my personal contingency that I'm running through my head. You got home from so you got out shortly there after when you got to done with Vietnam. but by that time we knew about POW is what they go on through and we had lost a couple of guys and one of them had escaped and they were you know by now we're hearing the POW stories.