But this is like, it's like, especially if you roll with like guys who are like, good. Like if I was all motivational like, you know what you should That like button, you got to smash that thing. Like, hey, if she starts like putting on weight that she doesn't like or something like that, it's kind of my fault. So cotton is like a, it's like almost like a pod that turns inside out like a popcorn almost. And I was like, I still don't want to train, but it was because there was only like, three people there and they were like really brand new at the time. You know, but just, and I'm not talking where someone is shot, but like, you know, just all of a sudden you're taking rounds and you're like, where are those coming from? We'll bring you back on and we'll get, and I know you and I are talking about other guys that we're going to come on and all those stories of those heroes will we'll get them out there because People want to know I want to hear them. What the way if you're writing, it's like, It's like, right into the share, like, subscribe. I mean, there was areas where there was areas where they were taken, IED strikes on vehicles, and like, you know, when in a big IED hits a Humvee, everyone dies or three out of five people die or something like that, I mean, it's very catastrophic. Right now share like and subscribe share like and subscribe share like and subscribe. Well, yeah, you, but you're like, you're like one, two levels like beyond. And, you know, he reflects on how that was just way too many of us like, hey man, you know, tilt, go out and the field will less than 10. It's like 70 burpees and like 40 pushups or something like that. So we had jundies, like you guys had little people, like you had in-ditch force. I guess, you know, we would have Mark 48, which is 762 and then the Mark 46, which is 556, you know, that's basically like a little stoner and a and a and 60. But I've been training with Andy for like the last like three months, you know, more than it. So no one would know that we were in there, that we were taking pictures, you know, like just logistics air, just an aircraft flying somewhere, they'd go in a straight line. Did you, it sounds like you recognize this when you were doing these operations, you kind of knew that this was, I don't know, I guess I'm going to use this word. And that, you know, this is one of the reasons I highlighted this section is, you know, just this is something that, you know, what we talk about complacency all the time. Because if you're afraid, you're going to prepare more, you're going to train harbor, you're going to, you're not going to cut any corners, you're not going to get complacent. Like, I was more worried about guys that were hesitant or I felt like if they were hesitant on the battlefield, that would work out bad for them. So like, and you know, this is, you know, probably within three to 500 meters of view. You know, like you get, you know, when you buy cotton balls? Well, especially when you have training partners that you like and you trust and you, you know, you enjoy what you get from the training where every garnish you got beat down or not. The guys that I always felt like, okay, if someone's aggressive, not not unaffraid and suicidal like that, but So I don't know if you know this, but now it's like a school you go to. Yeah, for the other reason, they don't know it's like a big metal, yeah, jungle penetrator. But then you get like, you know, you're if you're doing jiu-jitsu, then you're starting to get a little infection exposures going on. Like, if you ever said, man, I really don't feel like training. Oh, yeah, it felt good, but you know, it's like quiet professionals, just don't talk about that much. Either way, so I'm thinking, you know, of all the things and then I arrive at the concept of man, in any other situation, you take that kind of like just physical turmoil. Well, I, you know, I'm one of those guys who kind of like cool socks. And he's talking about how much stuff he cared, all this stuff for one of the thing he cared is, you know, eight grenades or something like that. Usually, if you don't feel like training, it's not that you don't feel like training. I'm not looking forward to the next time, you know, like, come on, let's face it. But either way, I'm like, that was it's kind of like a feeling that's very hard to to describe. You know, people some people like to say things. But this idea of, and you know, I also talk to young military guys, young seals, that, you know, they're, they're scared of this, they're scared of that. If you guys ever think about using some kind of pre-rigged like sit harness or something, they were developing those at the time. But something like this, just so people understand, something like this, you're on patrol. I also used to get the feeling that if you were scared like that, if you were scared, and you were going to be hesitant, that was going to be bad. So she'll be like, hey, I don't really feel like doing the workout today. Like, oh, you like to watch street fight videos. They're kind of like that, but more like there's not, they're not in a ball. So now instead of like, you just read it, that's a quick, it is bam bam, you're saying, but now, and then you're drowning, it feels like it's slowed down. And then it went all like pop, being like that. That's like, I always tell them, good, you know, you should, you should be afraid. And actually that kind of is important to note, because you know, if they're like, hey, So a hundred bucks was like a hundred bucks was like a month to pay basically. So it was just, it was one of the, one of the types of missions where we looked at it and said, hey, there's got to be a better way to do this because us going up there is not going to be worse than it. Like, almost like a big beef jerky stick. They know we're in the general area and they're looking for us and I'm sitting there with a signal panel like trying to get their attention. Did somebody post a picture of like someone that was like, Undead. So a couple of guys that like, chow and hung, as it went, hung came on the team. So when it be, but we shouldn't be acceptable that I'm like smash the like button. I mean, America today, particularly our snowflakes, don't know what the soldiers of Communists were really like in the field. And they were like, smash the like button. So we had those and those guys would carry a lot of rounds, a lot of rounds, like 800 2000, sometimes more on the outside. You know, kind of like she has to work out even though that is where is that lying? I just thought we had been so lucky and going through the Christmas Thanksgiving and everything else that our, I just thought our number was going to be, we didn't know how. It was like, that's the best time you thought you were going to die. When, you know, well, this movie fight club where like, no, I've said that movie. Like the AB4 or anything like that? Like a Dean, Mr. like Greg McIntyre. I'm not going to do it just because you said it's, It should be more of like a reminder, right? So you got a balance that, you got to have the fear, you got to feel it, but you got to deal with it. I'm going to go, I'm going to go, I'm going to go out with a guy right now. Oh, you feel like training because when it's time to train, it's good fun. And then you get to under it and get into the underbell of the jungle that's like, you know, it's another whole world. Because like I said, these guys are looking at a jungle canopy. And by that time, when he came to me, he said, you know, walkin got promoted to a cubby rider. Only buddy Grace and guys indeed to be con guys to smother our team and you guys had more than 100% casualties right. And like your case, where you had the unit that you wanted to attack the building and you challenged the three times and the last time you called it up because it was another unit, another seal team. You know what's fun is, like you're just totally putting yourself on report about all the videos. And you had to be able to move, I mean, you know, you have to mention, you're so damn lucky, you know, bullets are gonna hit you. But I'm saying, like when you're doing a sport, you know, when you're doing some physical activity, if you're afraid, you might get injured. I mean, it's like not going to go at local people. You know, it's like, I am addicted to juggle white tea. I can wear to, you know, if I go somewhere special with my life or something like that. They would cut out like a 10 by 10 or 12 by 12 square so that if we were killed, they came across the map to be no other intel on a separate at one target area that we were on the ground. And of course, you know, they would have, sometimes I think there would be, we got a team on a ground. You know, it's also get socks in the same like it I thought they were going to be like the kind of older, just generic feeding worker jeans. You know, like in fight club. And then as time went on, you know, first it was just sale, who could do it, and then sale trained, have and fuck the guys are as strong to do it all. Just like a vacant, you know what they should do. I want to know as much as I can about them and and and you know, we'll get you back. But primarily it was direct action missions going out, take out a target or these sniper Overwatch types, but you know, we'd be doing big clearances to big conventional clearances. and I was let us say it was 1969 or something like that when I got the Seal team one that's what I used was a few is one of the radios that we had in our story It was a PRC 7. It goes being, you know, I know he's inside of the night makes. and I wanted to go back to your other book for a little bit, the book on the ground and then I just want to kind of bunch of things I want to just ask you about and talk to you about. Because usually you got promoted based on, if you run a missions, whenever the appropriate time frame was, to be in one grade before you be considered for the next, sagging was really good about getting the promotions, at least our people were. I mean, you know, when when you know, she's still a girl. And yet there's multiple stories in there about either blue on blues or a potential blue on blues because man in a city like that with all these different units running around all on different radio frequencies and a bunch of enemy, Mujah, Dean fighters running around in there, too. Yeah, then you finally get on the ground, it's like, oh, at last, we're on the ground. I remember when we first, you know, as a radioman, believe it or not, when GPS's first came out, the radioman kind of got saddled with the GPS because it was a piece of electronic equipment. So man, it kind of makes you think like, Oh shoot. The phosphorus was like a giant flash bulb going off, and that frozen instant of illumination I could finally see the faces of my enemy. It's, you don't feel like getting off the couch, getting into your car, getting your gear, getting, doing that.