So not easy, like, what it's cool and someone like, like, for someone like yourself that's a sniper that likes to shoot and now it's under your task, you know, commander, it's really easy to get to go right back to what you're super comfortable with which is, hey, I'll just get on my gun and start killing bad guys. You know, I felt like, you know, I'm abandoning them to go to Germany and go, like, taste wine and look at, like, castle walls and these different towns, like, that, no. He's like, oh my, can look at him going those monkey bar things and chase how am I going to make it through if this guy like, like, like that here and he quits. yeah, they had nod that's like level one like like what do you call like there's base level respect There's extra respect and then there's the ceiling above the ceiling there's level one respect when your physical head nods for computer Yeah, let's get a listen to that as I'm checking out That's perfect actually because actually it's good because you can actually have it in the queue You know because a lot of times like you just in the pantry wherever you are and you're like boom I'm looking for the good stuff that ever boom. And that's where you can get echoes echoes videos that he spends allegedly so much time making But once every every four years like the Olympics Like the linear Olympics in Park City every four years a good video is gonna come out Whatever Jack Car like some soap. That's what I got but C67 yeah, C67 got to go back in there, but every time it hurts I'm just like you know there's guys out there for PTSD TBI miss an arms and legs just destroyed and This all I have and hey good I'm seriously Absolutely But what um what is that like keep you from doing mainly well I wake up like it hurts all the time But every time I perm my head and I realize just how lucky I am that after 20 years and all those things like that's all I have to deal with so it's mobility it hurts whatever surgery But C67 spine I'm like I know because I don't think I don't know about that's level two but someone's gonna come up with a like a review or something and it'll warn a clap That's my attention But once they got good at it, like the trade-out guys would say, you know, they'd be calling up myself or the, or the mastery of run it and be like, hey, can you bring me back to life? Who's awesome veteran Marine Incredible guy started this company Making art to hang on your wall and you can it says cool stuff on it like good like this when it goes freedom He's got a whole array of different stuff so check that out Flipside canvas dot com and if you want him to make something tweet him You know, the like, whoever I was walking from like I was, you know, all the things. But once I got back, like when that plane took off, when we landed in San Diego, when I took a breath, realized I'm going to buzz, I see people, guys running on the beach, you know, doing the, doing the buzz thing. and we did have a good time I know you had a good time, but at the same time, you know you're making sacrifices your family's home alone so that's the same thing physical mental get your leadership Mind set sharp keep it sharp EF online if you want to come to the master you better sign up now because they're all sold out They they all sell out very quickly Chicago sold out Denver's heading that way That's September 19th and 20th and then Sydney, Australia Looking forward to that coming down and meeting all people in Australia again If you want to come to that extreme ownership dot com and then EF overwatch if you are looking for someone in your company that knows how to lead Then check out EF overwatch dot com where we got special operators and we got combat eviation Leaders that are transitioning into this filling sector and can help you and your team using the principles of Combat leadership that we write about in extreme ownership and the economy of leadership. I don't know, but I would look at these guys when I first showed up the buds and like, man, like, I shoot out and he's doing crazy climbing these ropes. So, but it's cool for a little bit, cause you got, I think they got a little more liberal with some of the targets there for a while, when they're like, okay, we don't with this highway death, that's not gonna be on me because I denied. Yes, you don't want no you want to be sharp you want to be in tune I I experience this because I get to see it all the time with the companies we were like I see someone that's like really in the game and they're Sharp I'm just like, even the fact that you analyzed like what your strengths and weaknesses were, I was just, I was just like, another way to go. Like this seems like it may work, but it also seems like, what if someone hits me in the face? And of course, you can't say that, especially at that time in the steel teams, like, you know, the, the men, lot of the stuff is going on. but before I got out in Coronado because it was right there I go at lunch and roll with some guys I'll be some researching I think that where we can get you get you and your family back in the game up and so up in Park City Because I personally feel like guilty to have your family not training to have you not training You're taking some extreme ownership of your car You're taking some extreme ownership of that Rees needs to get in the game. Just work Oh, he just gets crazy You know, so good he'll be like I'm hungry going to the store comes home. He's like, I just want you to know how this is going to go and if it's any indication that this beer should be an indication of how this interview is going to go. And, uh, so I went kickin' in the screaming and I probably should have just said Roger that, you know, but, uh, you know, I've, uh, five deployments in a row, and those last three, being fairly intense, uh, I didn't want my guys to go back without me. You know what do you know about you know sort of that cause being on the path Believe it in it truly yeah, fully. So I'm just trying to think time frame like all the guys that I know from Team Five were all there. It's like, you know, I was walking around like I was damn him. Hey, it's real foreign I mean, but sometimes it just doesn't like get it a lot of texts and like you got us at there and I know that you last when he said like secret because you and I both know what gets redacted So, came back from lunch, it was like your back, and you're kind of, you have be able to go to schools, and it's, you know, so the people that they can leave or whatever got married. That's a real problem I can see like a you know, hey, if you're a little bit of our fitness You got the the universal machines or whatever that goes out there jamming up. Yeah, yeah, even even that it's fiction Which is even a lot like half level up even from yeah, Yeah, well, he's definitely we know he's he's gonna be wearing Like the warrior kid of three bucks. Like going out with the Marines, dressing up like a Marine, getting left behind to do this Napper's thoughts. and then there's like another one Whatever, but either way, it's all the same thing short term so in psychological warfare if you're going short game if you're gonna start playing the short game for that moment but I'm like that's a big good place for kind of the cave Gotta go there change gotta transform Was I was like bro, I did I did three sets of pull-ups today because we didn't know I think I didn't need to do 250 pull-ups for work out 350 pull-ups work out. And at that time, the best possible shape looked like Stallone and looked like Arnold. yeah you want to represent even if you're already representing You want to re-re-represent represent more jocco store dot com oh ladies t-shirts, redskirts, hats, everything patches Everything subscribe to this podcast so you can hear jack car and Others talking about their experiences and then leave reviews so that I can laugh at your funny reviews or be like Did you ever had nod to your computer? Like you said, like, good. Yeah, okay, that's what he's doing He goes and gets gays like The plan is actually honestly the ice cream thing is really taking a down hit at my house because malt right And when I hear about people doing it, look, people like that, you know, there was a guy that killed himself recently. Like you think what like what you thought, which is what I thought. Like you could have a guy there for like a year, just kind of hiding out. He tea on those tracks he tells you how to give through moments of weakness like if you're about to eat the wrong thing Because for the short term because the short game long game you can't listen to this Oh, yeah, and it 100% works by the way.