But the, and then I guess technically this is a dichotomy too where you can't do that too much because if you're always changing your mind with, like, you know, like, like, I don't know, we'll see a politician. And all of a sudden you've got a little bit of Conversation going and that's all we're looking for We're not looking to turn into like chatty caddy We're just trying to build Build relationships with people so you know who they are so they they know who you are That's what we're talking about now think crazy start small build from there But if you name the enemy, you know, like if you have some adversary, you know, and they thank you that person whatever, John Smith, you know, for not giving 100, you know, you might feed into you. Yeah, which I kind of like, I don't know where that's going to lead, you know, but I like that currently. This is something that we'll definitely saw in the seal team seat all the time in the civilian sector You know construction companies power companies companies where people are doing dangerous work right Policeing fire finding anything anything that has any element of danger you you definitely see this and and Like I said certainly so on the seal teams and the answer to this is a comedy answer for many leadership situations is you have to explain why So let me put it in a little context what you have to do is you have to say hey let me explain to you what happens When someone gets hurt or injured on this job. If you don't even respect yourself, if you're just like a bum in the street, where the thing came from, you know, someone that's just a drunk bum laying in his own vomit and wants to, you know, look at me and say, you look like a dirt bag. So look when I talk about playing the game I'm not talking about the fact that you have to change your entire personality profile To start to connect with people that's not what I'm saying you don't have to go from being someone that's What they say quiet and friendly you don't have to become some chatty extraver Run it around making small talk with anybody and On top of that there's a little bit of a statement here that says you know I'd rather work hard as if There's these are mutually exclusive things which they are certainly not So this being forming relationships with people and playing the game does not interfere with your work at all Not saying that you sit around and talk when there's work to be done Still married, but that person who didn't improve themselves will feel like they got phased out or kind of like the person might want to upgrade or something like that. I don't mean to be like, it's not like I'm hearing noise and be like, oh, you don't know what you're talking about. And what I said was, yeah, start training Gigietsu because the thing that you grab me with is like, oh, you want, you want to have a goal, you want to have meaning, you want to connect with people, you don't want to be alone, loneliness and all this stuff. But in a certain point, what I would tell, like after a guy was kind of beat down, like you just couldn't get something right or you would, you know, punch people, jump on him about a decision that he made or a movement that he made or whatever. And there was a level of frustration that, and it's the typical level of frustration from the parent, which was, you know, the kid has a lot of potential, but they're like, they're not training the way they should be and not working the way, you know, all that stuff. They get fired from their job and when they get fired from the job, it what it does is their confidence goes down and they get depressed and they decide they're not going to apply for a new job because I don't even know if I deserve it to get a new job and they sit around and eventually they go on apply for kind of like a lesser job. Or, you know, I'm sure there's like people out there where it's like, oh, that this will solve probably a lot of your problems. Yeah, that aggressive one that makes sense, because like, yeah, aggressive being aggressive like is one of the more effective ways to straight up, going to quote, get things done. Like where, you know how like a situation where, yeah, let me let my subordinate take lead. Oh yeah make some feel value ball that stuff just on that small level, you know, so as far as building little I'd say that's a cool thing to kind of remember to do if he can't I'd say that's a cool kind of thing to remember to All right, thank you Next question joko me But the question was about, you know, in this day and age, when men and it was one of those like men like type things. And maybe some strategy they use to do XYZ can be super small If you let them know that you remembered like in the future later on when you see me again you say I remembered what you said Last week, you know, tired in this And we all see it once people's digging into their opinion, you know, and saying all kinds of weird wacky stuff to try to defend yourself and yourself and you're like, it's not what we're talking about kind of thing. But anyway, the wife's all good looking now, people are like, people at the store, like, complimenting her and all this stuff. I personally like both, I like to, especially with my son like being strong and stuff, he really likes that. So just because you reveal like, hey, I know this is what you're like or whether you reveal or not doesn't matter when someone has that characteristic, then you can utilize that characteristic. So to direct thing, we'd like to be, or when people are direct to us, it makes things easier for us, you know, but doesn't. But sometimes, it's almost like, it's almost like they have this tone of like dang. Because like, again, like back to the, it's not like, you're not doing it with malicious intent. What do you recommend to men that feel that way, that feel isolated and feel alone and feel depressed and feel like they don't have meaning in their life and feel like they can't connect with anyone. He's detaining like if an animal's like hesitant, you know. But hey, yeah, chocolate, that sounds like good advice and then no go like back to work. I'm going to work with a company that like, you know, what we really need help, what's we just need to really learn to be direct with each other. You're going to be like, when you're playing, when you're warming up before practices and stuff like that, you're throwing it hard. You know, like an animal who's wrong, you know. It's like when you got a guy getting ready for an MMA fight and they get cut, they weren't wearing head gear and it's like, look, I get it, but that was dumb. You know, I'm like working so hard and down this tunnel that I can't look out of the tunnel kind of thing. It's like, hey, we just going to tell the total radical transparency or something like that. And if you make someone take lead in a situation and it's kind of like that concept of taking an extreme ownership and then what if they do like say, yeah,