I know, as far as the work went, like I was as far as like, like, being a seal and working there, like that, that was awesome, you know, and I was, you know, one of the biggest, like, I say concerns I had or not are even not concerned was just like a question to myself was, you know, what, what, how am I actually going to react and combat, you know, I mean, because everyone likes to think that they're ideally, you know, in a situation of shit popped off, you know, I'll be the, I'll be the guy who will, you know, hold my, have my shit together and and be that, you know, the rock or whatever, you know, I mean, and some people crumble, you know, and I saw that as a seal, like that, that was kind of my, I was always a realist, you know, was like, I've never been shot at. and like, you know, it was, it was just super frustrating to me, like, it was super frustrating to me, dealing with like the politics involved with war, and, you know, I felt like we absolutely could have done things to give us more of an advantage, but it seemed like they were more concerned with politics and shit like that, you know, as more than more than like the safety of us, and I just felt like we could, you know, there's no reason why we should be going out in the daylight period, you know, we train, like, why not fight like we train, and, oh, because you guys got locked down from doing stuff at night, right? it's super cool and the supplement in a company, but now that I've been in it for a little while, like, I'm starting to get more understanding of it and, and we're, we're doing pre-workout, protein, BCA's, all that stuff like kind of expanding it and, and, you know, now I'm like really involved with it and, and I'm just treating it like everything else, like I always tried to, you know, under promise and over deliver and like I always want to make sure that like people are getting, like, or something good, you know, I don't want to ever feel like I jipped someone or got one over, something like that. No, I didn't start training at one of the academies until after Afghanistan, I came back and because one of the guys, one of my like my see that he was, he was a purple belt at the time and we would roll on occasion, you know, and he would be like, and he would tell me like, man, you have like great, you know, aggression and ability and all this shit, but you got to go to an academy and learn, you know, and I had only learned just from that guy that dude beat my ass over and over and he would literally like just just fucking get on top pressure, grind, arm triangle, you know, and he'd be like, all right, man, you know, I got on top, you know, I fucking arm triangle, I squeezed like that. And, uh, and like I said, like going to get our air drop, it was just a lot of work, too, because not only it was like we were sealed bees, you know, we had to like build our, we had to like build our camp and also like all the stuff that came with that, like, going and getting our, our supplies that would air drop in and, and being out there, you know, you only get ring routes and stuff, you only get air drops every once in a while. And, you know, it's like always, like all the water bottle palettes are fine, but it's that one with like the goodies, you know, it's like, oh man, you know, that's the one that burned in and it just fucking hits the ground explodes and you see like all the rippets or something, you know, something that people are looking forward to just explode and you're like, fuck. And so I think that it was good that guys were doing that, but I didn't think that it was operationally focused enough, you know, like, I don't think that you should be training combatives and PT gear, you know, like I had my, like the program that I set up was all scenario driven and it was all like trained like you fight, you know, so in your, in your camis and your boots with your gear, you know, because handling someone and PT gear versus handling someone and, you know, a full kit is totally different as well. And you're going to have to deal with human beings and, you know, anything from just marshaling them to a full-on fight for your life is combatives related, you know, so I covered all of that in my program and I really focused on basic, simple things that you could remember during a time of stress, you know, like, you're not going to remember 12 steps to an arm bar, something like that when you're in a situation and you need it, you know what I mean, especially in a combative situation overseas, like that's, your adrenaline's going to be going like crazy, it's going to be fast, you need something simple effective and that, you know, that you can remember easily. and, you know, and on the west coast, I felt like, yeah, from what I had seen, going out there and working with those guys, it was a lot of, uh, I felt like more guys were interested in combatives, but there was more of like a sporty kind of thing, like they're up in the fight room, doing jujitsu and stuff like that and which, which I thought was great, like I said, it's better, it's definitely better to, to, you know, have it not needed, then need it not have it. Because I, I kind of was kind of pissed off at like, America, like, like, not America as a whole, but like, I felt like the politics, you know, like I said earlier, I felt like they really cared more about, or they just didn't really give a shit about our safety. I want to, I want to help people and stuff like that and, and do what I can, um, to help these people out and, and if they're getting like bully, essentially by the, by the Taliban or whatever, like, that's not cool, but I just felt like it was, it was really weird to be there and go there with that mindset and then have to fucking like try to help people and then when you try to help people, they don't want your help and, you know, and they fucking shoot at you and, and shit like that. Like, I was ranked number one on the East Coast and two weight classes, you know, and I was like, I'm pretty good at this shit, like, you know, and I don't understand why we don't utilize this, you utilize me as a recruiting tool, you know, go to the fight, set up a fucking pull-up bar, hand out t-shirts and try and hand, you know, or go to the, they had me go to the national, uh, high school wrestling contest or tournament, and they had me do like a combatives demonstration and and had me go out there and wrestle with all the, the high school students and stuff. But my argument to it was like, all the time was like, like, just same one with the skydiving, you know, like, guys fucking skydive all the time, there's leap frogs, you know, why not, why don't the navy, why doesn't the navy use me as a recruiting tool, you know, like, I, I would, I don't want to get out of the teams. And so that was, that was definitely when it happened and I, you know, and I did, I, I stepped up and, and felt very pleased with how that all went down and, and all the combat and everything that I had been involved with, like, that was definitely, um, rewarding to me, you know, like as a seal and, and as a man, just, and as a warrior, just like, okay, like, I felt legit, you know, I felt like fulfilled in that sense. And at the time, like, I was already been a seal for a while and, and, you know, I got to experience a ton and life and just, in war and, and just that whole lifestyle and that whole thing and, and, uh, I was just out of crossroads, you know, and I was like, well, I can stay in and make a career out of this, like I was planning on doing, I was planning on staying in for 20 years, um, and, you know, I can screen and, you know, try and make it over there and, or I can get out and kind of pursue this and, and at the time I was 29 or, yeah, Took a little break, but it was like, bittersweet, you know, go home for fucking two weeks and like, oh, I've just been playing in this mine field where everyone's trying to kill me for the last six months and come home for two weeks and like to normal see and you're just like, you know, literally just fly straight from there, know decompression or anything And then even amongst seals, I felt like only the ones who who had to live so shitty, like we did, like our platoon, you know, no running water for a year and like, like, just living in that environment was super rough. And then just seeing that kind of shit, like, I don't know, I just, I felt like before I had gone over overseas, I was like real, like, thank you for your service to everyone I saw, you know, and, and afterwards, I was just kind of the opposite. And um, by the end of it, by the end of it, uh, I remember when the ring route came to pick me up to go out, uh, I remember flying away from from the base that we were at and just thinking like, I felt kind of sad, like like almost like when you move away from somewhere and like I've moved my whole life, I moved around a lot. So that was like kind of like, it was bittersweet and uh, got back over there, but that was cool too because it was like, all right, I'm fucking halfway through like, it's downhill now, you know, so that it kind of definitely fired me up to finish out, but then uh, towards the end and we were there for all four seasons. And it's, you know, one that the reason I liked jiu-jitsu specifically was because it was like a deadly martial art, you know, I could fucking choke you and like you're tapping, you're asking me, like please don't kill me, you know, and that's what I thought was fucking cool about it. And like, which is different, like I would say, or I feel like in like, Ramadi, it was like a different, just way different environment, um, but yeah. It felt like a... like a new... like a new chapter because, like, you know, the... the... Seal Team 1, 3 and 5, or 7 or right by the Buds compound. And but I'd always looked at those guys like they were kind of superhuman or like, like it was like the NFL of fighting, like those guys are genetic freaks or whatever. Like everyone in his phone, you know, they rip apart their shit and like every one of his contacts are bad, you know, like this guy's definitely an IED maker, you know, whatever. And it just kind of made it, it had a like a shift or like a realization, like, these are just people just like you and, and they just fucking stuck with fighting and practiced it until they were good enough to beat, you know, the competition and now they're here. And, uh, I was like, well, if I, if I just keep down this road, I, I don't want to think like, what if or like regret, you know, and I was like, I've already been on this path for a while and, and it's cool and all that, but I want to see what else I can do. So I wasn't sure if like we were going to touch gloves or not, you know, because it's always kind of a, I feel like they should just like make that a rule like you are. And, you know, and, like, physically I was doing, like, a lot better than some guys who, like I said, it was kind of just like, You know, so I got kind of lucky in the fact that, you know, even talking to the guys that were new guys on that deployment to a body, they, they just kind of, they were like, from then on, they be saying, damn, you know, I thought that's what every deployment was going to be like. And, um, I was like, you know, fighting this kind of a young man's game and, uh, like you read earlier in the beginning of this, like, you can't, you can't even pause time, you know, wait for no one. Yeah, stuff just don't skip, you know, like my, my, my end game is not to make the most profit, like I want an actual good fucking product, like that, my name's behind, you know, and I proud of. Of course, in the close, you know, like, using like, if you were getting a street fight, like you can use clothes like a ghee. Like you think you really, like, no, when you're 18, you really, like, you're like, man, you know, you look back at when you're 10. And honestly, like, I didn't even know, like we were, we were, we were recordgile with each other, like at Wands and stuff like that. Yeah, I'm triggered by civilians, and, and that, that just happened all the, all of the day I'm time, and, and we would, we would, you know, we would, we would aid the wounded and stuff like that, and they would like get pissed at us, and we're like, we didn't plant that shit, you know? Like this, like being in a gunfight to you, you know, and versus like just being in that country, like, could be the same amount of fear or more for that person. I was kind of a t-shirt snob before I had my company, and then once I made my company and like got into the apparel industry, like I just wanted like really comfortable, nice fitting, good quality t-shirts, and printed my own shit on them, and that's all I wear now, but I'm just streamlining it down a couple that I like, and I'm actually launching a new brand pretty soon that I'm very excited about. They were like, and, and, because I was there in like, Cammy, Cammy pants, you know, in the fucking blue UDT seal shirts and, and we brought the bullet bar and, and, you know, because the, I think, but buds like, they try to get wrestlers. And especially like, I tell people, you know, just think of like muzzle, muzzle discipline and awareness, you know, like when you have your gun, even at high ready and then you're marshalling someone and they freak the fuck out. and I was telling, you know, it's a great workout and people are just looking at me like, that's not a fucking workout and you know, you're not lifting weights, you're not running, you know, I'm like dude, it is a workout for sure. So the work, the work was really good, but just as far as being in that environment, like, the IEDs was really like, the IEDs and the fucking like invisible enemy was kind of, um, discouraging, you know. But I would imagine that our hand-to-hand combat, you know, like everyone thinks, like, oh, if I can see, he must, you know, tap me on the shoulder and I'll die, you know. However, um, you know, like Jako was saying earlier, I agree, wholeheartedly, I think that everyone who trains judgy stew should train in a ghee as well because, you know, there are a lot of similarities, and I feel like if you only train no ghee, and then you go against someone with a put a ghee on with any sort of decent skill level, you're going to get fucking choked for sure. and that's, you know, I got to say like the seal teams, I never tried to fight pro, but like the seal teams was totally support, like I would go and train at places that give me. So, you know, and we were going on these long patrols every day and all these, all these stops we were doing and hitting these villages that were just riddled with IEDs everywhere and, you know, getting contacted, you know, you're basically just stick out like a sore thumb there, you know. I thought I was the only one who loved mint chocolate better than everything I was like, you know, we all kind of do mint chocolate with a seals, but like you're just two, but like mint chocolate. And it's like, uh, is this where we're staying, eating like kings, you know, and they're like, no, no, no, you're going out there. And just like, come over, it comes like, yeah, the fucking commandos, 80, you know, never, just like whatever. Like, you think that person's going to be like, just cool as a cucumber or a calm, like, I don't know. So it was hard to, it was really weird to like get ramped up and everything as these, like, you get in this mindset, this warrior mindset, you know, that you're going to war and you're going to this fucking land where everyone is, you know, your enemy and bubble blah The other two platoons were in nice bases that they were like had awesome gyms, like good food and stuff like that and, you know, so I wasn't, I wasn't too terribly upset about it. There was, I mean, because like literally there was, there was times where, you know, we'd be in the village, fucking shaking hands with people and then, you know, on the way out, get contacted, getting a firefight, and then fucking go back and look and, oh, it's the same guys that we were just shaking hands with that, or fucking dead, you know. It was, there was a time for joking around, there was a time for seriousness, and you know, that wasn't the time, and ended up, you know, I ended up saying something to this dude, and just, you just kind of fucking mouth-off, and, you know, my temper's, temper's flared, and escalated, yeah, things escalated, and ended up getting into like a full-on brawl. I was like more of like a wild, like free spirit kind of, you know, kid growing up. They would, uh, like, some of the little guys would, like, jump and hang on the handles and, and shit like that when, when you're riding, but yeah, you definitely knew when they were on the boats, because they got a lot heavier, but... Like I was like, you know, I've always had like a kind of respect for police. Because the, the dudes loading their pigs, like all of a sudden had to run away gun or whatever, where we don't know if we're getting contact it, like you can hear it's outgoing, but like why? People are super, people are simple, emotional about, about combatives and, you know, I would always, like, I wasn't, I wasn't as emotional as I wasn't very emotional about it, but for me, it was just like, hey, guys need to know how to do this. And if the guy, you know, is like you or me, and then it's like, hey, we're all going to fucking, we all need to know this. And so I found a way to, to kind of make that come to life and, um, took all those products basically and just put them into one, removed all the fillers and all the bullshit in there and just, it was like, you know, I didn't know anything about the supplement industry or anything like that. So that was super cool and, and got to go through dog training school and, and learn about the dogs and, and, um, yeah, unfortunately, like right right before, it was, we were on like pre-depliment leave and they had told us like, hey, change plans. And he's like, this is buds, you know, like, it's just like this crazy scene or whatever. Like, you know, we're not like, we're expecting to like be boys now. You know, it's definitely not like, and you know, you definitely don't want the first time that you're handling a human being like that to be overseas when it's real. And like, if you, when you go outside to go get your fucking food that they air drop in, you know, you're worried about stepping on IDs, like we found ID's literally right outside of our compound, you know. But now, like, now I'm the big strong guy and I know a little bit and I've been in like hard situations on the map, you know what I mean? And I was drinking a lot like, uh, and I also felt like I felt like seals where the only ones that kind of understood and got it. and I've gained a stand I saw, you know, can to heart, the main base and can to heart was like a fucking, it was like a little town, you know. And we're just like, God, and then, you know, we were like literally having to burn shit, you know, burn our own shit. Um, I, uh, so that glory, that actual story, um, when I had gotten told know, uh, that I wasn't able to do that fucking event in, in Hampton Road, so I was, I was really bummed out and, uh, so I ended up actually just come like, I, I already like had decided at that point. But, but I got in there, I got in the blackhouse and I trained with some of the people in the UFC and I was just like, holy shit, like, I'm actually like doing fine.