The best leaders they're completely comfortable doing that because they know what their guy's going to do because they have trained them so hard they have to do that situation so many times that they're because for all the cast that is definitely going to ensue he's extremely he knows exactly what his guy's going to do and how they're going to react. You can't just be awesome at one thing you can't just be all about the signs of these things and when you usually work creativity when you see people do things like that and it's like it's like artistry you see just the flow and the maneuvers and the things that are coming in and I'm sure that that first the five of six when he said do it. This is what's happened and it's going, we know it's going to happen and I don't know where it's going to happen again for sure. Do it and knowing what's going to happen you know well, but beyond what what people can see it in real time and knowing that you can't know what's going to happen for sure. So I'm going to make these incremental decisions that are going to lead me toward my final objective, but it's going to it's going to prevent me from getting stagnant and waiting and not gaining any new information. and people sometimes forget the golf war was like four days you know the the sustain combat operations was like 96 hours something like that. You know, going back to the patches with me and life, you know, hey, I'm not going to expend a bunch of leadership capital in the fact that you are wearing these patches. You know are we really going to fight another like actual war are we really going to do that? Oh, like there's going to be things that aren't going the way I'm going to say that when you get up on the high ground and you look around, you can see things that other people aren't going to see and you can make really good decisions. And next thing you know that that that event completely fueled the insurgency for sure that tiny tactical that people like tiny tactical event had massive think of how many enemy fighters that recruited and made our job strategically that much harder. And when you see it, you're going to have to step and you're going to have to make that decision and there's going to be risking that decision. Instead of me going, hey, man, can you explain to me, I want to understand how you're going to execute this thing, because it's important for me to understand what you're thinking. but they had 50 armor pieces that drink like diesel like what do you think they get to I mean it's just something it's just something completely crazy probably two miles to the gallon or something like that. Like I would be looking at the battle map going into on my first deployment, we'd be going into some random town. Obviously, that's a really good thing, but you can't be like that all the time, because if you're overaggressive and you've been wrong opportunity or you're actually so aggressive that you haven't had a chance to bring all your forces to bear when actually is most effective. That's when he kind of, when I got to know that he said, oh, I think this is what people from a leadership perspective, if you have a deterministic viewpoint of leadership, hey, when the person does this, oh, here's the prescription for that. But when you're, and then I told them, you know, when we were going through this training, it was like this for me every time. Yeah, and leaders will create this scenario by which, okay, if I, if I acquiesce on that one little thing, that's a weakness and they're going to see that I don't hold the line on that and so it's going to infect everything else. When I looked back at my first deployment to Iraq, once we were in Romadi for like a month, I realized, because my first deployment we'd be going all over the place, you know, we did a lot of work in Baghdad, but Baghdad is huge. I'm going to subtly and smoothly point out the little mistakes in the plan that you had and I'm going to actually let you come to the conclusion. I read these books and I listen to the podcast and it's only hard for me to even try to relate to the idea that I was in combat in an airplane, you know, given what these things sound like. If you over and over again, I'm I'm going to just roll over when you say that and it's going to make it worse for me, but there are times that actually the frontal assault does work. And what's even going to drive these people into a worse situation from a leadership perspective is they're going to realize that you don't care about them. So when we're working with, when we are working with a company at echelon front, it seems like oftentimes what people learn about business, like let's say they get their MBA from somewhere or they even if they've gone through some kind of a program, whatever kind of program. The things that I would see now the things that I would know to look for now that I didn't even think of then and what you just said that that that last comment that that's everywhere that that that that training p all the pieces of the go into that and any one of them without the other doesn't work. And they know that what's required is actually going to learn the tactics that you will apply as an artillery man or an infantry man or a supply officer or a legislation. You know, 1971 like if you joined if you got to the field teams in 1971 or 1972 you didn't you know you didn't go to Vietnam. That was my main effort for like, you know, I actually it was the main effort when I was editing. One thing we know is if we develop leaders and we start to get on the path, it's going to develop in a great way. It didn't really occurred to me till years later talking, you know, conversation we had about when the seals are trying to introduce goggles and guys like, hey, we don't need that kind of stuff. He's actually looking up and seeing this is the reaction that I'm going to get this is what's going to happen. And I'm like, I'm like, hey, bro, and he's like, what's up, sir? Because when we win this war, our kids don't have to go to war and we're going to have stability, we're going to have security. The answer is, if you, if what, if I'm going to have a conversation with you and it's going to move our relationship forward, that's probably the right answer. But we're going to do things that will reveal their vulnerability and then I'm going to apply whatever that is to crush them. And people write that off like, oh, he's got people that are naturally intuitive, actually aren't naturally intuitive. And if I say prioritizing execute, the first thing that people jump to is, I got to get the right resources and make sure I know what the right priorities are. Which I don't know when I covered that on this podcast, but it was like podcast, five or something like that. And by the way, the mission that we're going to do is going to benefit us all of us in the long run. And of course you know we had fuel for our home views home views or whatever you know like we drive around If I'm going to have a conversation with you and it's going to move our relationship backwards, that's probably not the right answer. and I'm like, I'm like, so on the mint and then the peanut butter, it actually took the strawberry milk to make me realize what it really means to be on the milk train. That you're that's how you start thinking ahead of your opponent or the person even next to you is being able to pull that experience and say, I've seen this and I think this is what's going to happen because of all of those other things. And he doesn't like, you know, he doesn't like being told what to do. Yeah, the technology thing, the GPS, you know, like, there wasn't GPS when I first got in. Because I, you know, I keep a little profile, you know, I, you know, I, echoes. You know it's going to be, hey look we might not be fighting a war ever again. And that failure to recognize that this tactical thing, we're going to stay late to do this one thing because this thing needs to happen. Oh, and by the way, if we start to see like an open road, we're going to go until we meet some resistance. The right answer is actually that would have been the wrong time to be aggressive and they actually did a good job by sitting back and letting that situation develop. And I'll listen and I'll get all this great information from all of them about all the different possibilities of things, and the way things go and the way things the outcomes we could have and the resistance we could meet in these various areas. And you know, you were pointing out that and this is, this is actually I'm going to point this out later. But then when you start talking about the moral and the mental factors and how you're going to get a bunch of human beings to do something that is going to be dangerous to them. I mean, that experience of doing things over and over again to find a pattern go, this is how I think this is going to work out. you, the way they were going to be going on paper. I will not take a stand until I actually know what the outcome is going to be. I really like talking about that creatively form and apply military force in a given situation it involves the creation positioning and maneuver of combat power when do we flank the enemy. And you go to that school and then you can pick up one of those things and like you just said, I mean, if if I pulled out the manual right now, I could put I could shoot down an aircraft pretty easily. You have so much more, just like you have so much more ownership of things like in your world. And people, especially people that don't know anything about combat or war anything, they always kind of... You know he's seeing those things and I love that image him just sitting there in the chair and like. When that makes me think, when I see leaders, we get focused on things that don't matter that they're going to get critical about. They're going to win that argument with their subordinate or they're going to win that argument with their boss. If you allow yourself to be, but if you get in the game and if you see this as a campaign and if you see this as a working out that you need to do every single day and if you look at yourself for the mistakes that you're making as a leader and what mistakes your organization is making as leaders, that is when you will become better and you can become a champion just like Rocky. So here's the thing, man, is every time I think I'm on the train, I'm like, man, I'm so on the train I would, we reported 20, like that was because that way, hey, you know, every get the pat on the back, no one else knows, no one cares and how many how many platoon commanders did that. We know you're going to be fired up, but what it takes to change leadership inside of a company is not one brief or two briefs from Dave. And you think that you know how everything is going to play out. And what's really interesting about infantry and battle, and I'm going to cover on the podcast probably, I don't know. There'd be a, if there's a platoon with like a weak leadership, like weak, platoon commander, weak platoon chief, and it happens, but there'd be some pipe hit in the E5 in there. Sometimes these incremental gains were the result of a competent enemy or the chaotic nature of war, meaning what they're saying there is like, sometimes you're only making these incremental gains because the enemy is super competent or nature's crazy. And that even those small individual actions that seem like there's nothing else going on in the world other than you and maybe that that sniper on the roof or that position. Sometimes that terrain doesn't even reflect anything that you've thought it was going to look like. And then when something doesn't fit in the way it is, the way it's supposed to, then you will recognize, like if you're looking at a rural environment, because rural environments, I think are tougher to read. And like these things work and these things didn't work. War is more fluid as a result of technology, while the machine gun bogged down the warfare in World War I, tactical innovations like the tank, the airplane and the aircraft carrier, made warfare more rapid and free flowing in World War II. It's an overlay and for those of you that don't know speaking of speaking of just going old school in the old days when we used to have maps and not these incredibly advanced software programs that put overlay. And I was like, you're just going to sit here and let all this happen.