This long game this long plan is recognizing what we're doing now this it isn't going to work forever we're going to have to change we have to see where we're where we're going and that is going to change all the time and that requires is a leader to be looking up and out all the time you asked that question the muster when should we be thinking strategically. And you know, people like conflict avoidance, like the idea of conflict avoidance is what you're really trying to do is, are you actually going to be able to convince the person of what's the best thing in their world and the best outcome that you're trying to get to? Like, you know, and I've no, I've told you and the team is like, hey, you guys want to know why I don't sleep because I'm paranoid of what's going to happen. Because what you don't want to have is, now the conversation with Jaco, I don't know what's going to happen, but eventually he's going to win and I'm going to be proved that he's smart of me and sooner or later. You're going to sit there and you're going to be in the combined arms dilemma because you're going to come out looking, looking bad because you're now back peddling trying to explain things that shouldn't need to be explained in the first place. In some of the things in the combined arms side I know this as an aviator look the enemy doesn't have an unlimited number of directions to attack us from all the time they're actually places where they can attack areas we control areas we have dominance over and so if you think about. If you're going to change GJ2, you're going to want to get a G. If you're going to want to do G and no GJ2, origin main.com, this is RJ2 company. I want the worst possible environment because I know more than likely that other guy, that other company, they're going to win it in that and we're going to go on the attack. It's like, yeah, that seems like good things like what I want, but that's not what you want. And when the Marine Corps talks about doing this they don't know if it's going to be the aircraft or the indirect fire or the machine because they don't know which one it's going to be. All the time all the time and that it's that vision of looking of if you don't have an idea of where you're going to be down the road you're never going to get to where you need to be and they're going to try maneuver but guess what we're going to immediately fire back at you we're going to fire back at you hard The first time, well, it was, I don't know if it's the first time, but when they started using boats where we're all of a sudden in areas, you know, Charlie, the two and showing up in areas where the enemy had no freaking idea that Americans would be in these spots and be able to engage them. And if you're going to make that investment in that time and that commitment to doing that, spend as much time as you possibly can, taking advantage of whatever it is you've created by going through that work and doing that. I'm thinking this is going to be awesome because I'm not going to overreact to this arm bar I'm going to and guess what happened. And what I hear from leaders of, you know, you know, I got to have a direct conversation with this person and tell him what's going on. That vision isn't isn't always just literal vision is it's actually where where is this organization going to go because when you're inside in your tactical guy like most of your employees are doing tactical things. We don't have the market, but you know what you have, you've got 25 people you know quickly you can communicate, you know, fast you can get back It allows you to do this thing that actually, if you kind of think about it in some terms, decentralized command, you could actually make an argument that it's the most important thing in combat in this particular case because it's so required because you as a leader can't be in 15 different places. Lastly, outweigh is whatever discomfort you might be feeling when they hate we're going to suck it up and operate in bad weather or we're going to do things our competition doesn't want to do because it's sort of sucks. Yeah, like, you know, how many times the late babbin came up to me and said hey man, I could really use it, really either or jpe, he didn't even know. It's actually being able to just see what the terrain looks like and recognizing that is the best place to be to recognize where the commanding event is going to occur to bring my forces to bear. The the saw guys they all dump their mags and then their silence and then it's who can get reloaded to quickest but what they did in that moment is take away the advantage of the enemy because the enemy is attacking them and their immediate reaction is oh you're going to shoot it us. That book, the stories in all three of those books, just like with the podcast, my kids are learning things that I didn't think they were able to learn at their age and they are and their lessons that are applying to their, my daughter's going in fifth grade. So when you want to create that sense of urgency, when you want to get people to understand the importance of time, and that we never waste time and that we feel guilty for that word if we're idle. You know what I think of one of the best examples that I can think of when I think of combined arms effectiveness being used effectively was when we were in the body and the enemy would utilize combined arms attacks. I'm like, that's exactly right because if they did come down to your world, they don't have every single minute of every single day of all the context you have for the problem you're dealing with, and no matter what they do, it's going to be wrong because they don't understand it as well as you do. It allows you to think about what it means to be a leader and how to actually problem solve in real time and the recognition that you got to think about that's up every single day. The action drills and the seal team to we were learning from the Vietnam guys when they got contacted in the jungle the very first thing they did was hit the ground and everyone unloads a magazine into their field of fire period and the story that's what's going to happen. If there was a question between, hey, you know what, we can save, we can make this a little easier on the volunteers or we are on the employees or we can adjust this a little bit and save a little bit of money here or hey, it doesn't matter if the people that are attending might not be able to see the whole. We've got the triangle, arm lock, sweep, combination, happening no matter which way they're caught in that dilemma, which way are they going to get tapped out or swept or end up in a worse position. So actually, when you have a mission of 24 airplanes, you've got guys that are dedicated as fighters to shoot down enemy aircraft and you know what? If you want to see what Dave Burke looks like, you can see, if you want to see what anything, the guests, if you want to see what I look like, then you can go to there. And guys, you know, so one guy's like, hey man, we just got here, I'm tired, I'm trying to sort out my ammunition. I'm trying to get you to do what I want you to do, because it's going to benefit you, and it's going to benefit the team. When we get into leadership and we get into relationships, if I've got someone that's got a strong, passionate idea about something, I am not going to attack that idea with my passion and my strong feeling. You're going to lose because you know what your enemy is doing right now. And you would think that in striving for it, it would come to be clear how you actually do it and how you actually give people decentralized commanders by actually letting go. But most of the time, there's a way to maneuver that's going to make that whole situation infinitely better than your direct assault on their brain. I'm going to manipulate Dave into wanting to do good work by giving him this false sense that I'm going to give them some control over his own fate. For example, using tanks to fight enemy tanks, infantry to fight enemy infantry, and air to fight enemy air is symmetrical. It doesn't mean that you actually need to spend some time with a little more close control than you might like. And most important, so I actually want, when I manipulate you, Dave Burke, I'm manipulating you, and everything that I'm doing, every maneuver that I'm making happen to you, I'm doing it, and it's going to benefit your life. So I would have my guys trained up where it didn't matter what person from to you take four guys from to you, bruiser five guys from to you bruiser, one of them was going to step up as a fire team leader and start making something happen. And if you're actually covering some of those things up, if you actually are hiding some of that and you've abicated that moral piece of this, then you're going to lose again. Well, speed wise, we're not doing real good on this podcast right now because we are now, I don't know, something like three hours deep. What the way that translates when you're not in a cockpit is it translates into detaching from the situation taking a look at what's going on and actually being able to see what's happening. But more important, we give the actual pragmatic hands on instruction and assessment to make sure that leadership inside of an organization is actually moving in the right direction from a strategic perspective and that everyone is on board and the line and got that thing. I want you, if you're not sure, I want you to actually raise your hand and say, hey, Jocco, my guess is that you're doing this, but I don't want to guess. As soon as that thing, as soon as that pressure comes along, we're going to fracture going to fall apart. This seems like a obvious thing, you know, and life sitting in a platoon brief wouldn't say, hey, guys, we're not taking warning shots. As I, like, as I say, when I talk about cover move and I say, well, once the enemy is killed my partner, what are they going to do to me? You can actually outperform people in a way that doesn't seem to be evident to them if they aren't the what I got a better machine, why do I need to worry about my transitions. But just like the amount of time that he's going to be doing that is 90 seconds on an hour and a half mission. They're not going to say hey, I think we need to take a knee or I think we need to re-evaluate. We talk about what they want and regardless of the competition and the things that they say are things like we want to annihilate them. And if I'm leveraging that to be right in the conversation, eventually unless the subordinate just wants to get fired, he's going to, he's going to give in. And you know what, subconsciously, in the back of that little, thick nugget of a brain you got there, you're going to learn. You know, it's a good converse to that question when you ask the subordinates, hey, do you want your subordinate, do you want your boss to to fix your problems for you? And you threw this out there, you said, it's going to be, it's going to make my life better. If you're going to say when you're a young leader and you're going to be on the ground fighting army special operations Marine Corps, whatever unit you're with. That's what it was like reading this book from your read it later when I did you do everything when you when you when you know the way bragged that you see it and all things. Going fast and making efficient use of time are both parts of the answer to the question, what is speed? And if you actually take the mindset that nothing is ever going to happen the way that you plan it to happen. And how, you know, you're on minutes, you have, and so if I spend 10 minutes trying to work this answer out, that's probably all the time actually, he really had to go execute anyway. If you don't understand terrain and how to use it and how the enemy's going to use it, you are a baby. If we have laid an ambush for the enemy, we need to give the enemy time to fall fully into the trap. During the breakout from Trojan Reservoir in November 1950, Marines demonstrated time and time again, the ability to use harsh weather to their advantage over a determined enemy. And if I only had a thing that climbed and they spent all this time thinking about what it is that they can't do instead of recognizing hey, all right, what are our strengths, what are our advantages here and what do we need to do to build a plan that leverages those strengths. The only way I feel like I can be Dave is by imposing my will upon him and that's how I'm going to win. Everything was going to be kind of not quite right in the little chocolate, but, and so you had to get the dessert and actually with the mole. Like you said earlier, you're not showing up saying, you know what, I don't really have time to prepare. If they all feel like every single thing they do, whether they are the most person that seems like, okay, what are sales based business? Yeah and even the idea of being eventispitting and being prepared for that expecting that to happen which actually in remoday we were I wasn't we were shocked that the enemy was attacking us we actually did some preparation and some thought went into that. I'm going to roll with Holland Smith general Smith's outlook, which is I'm going to hit hard and hit quickly. And you actually have to write like, if you're not doing, if you're not physically doing something, what am I going to do after this? One of your choices can't just be here we're going to ride this thing out and let it play itself out and you actually have to react because if you do nothing that initial move that they're making that by itself. If you just accept that, which I think was verbatim out of the beginning of this is your plan is not going to go the way that you think. They want a little, little, little palette dichotomy is what's going on. He's with the element that's actually a full wave behind the leading element which is the fighter element which clears everything out and he's actually in the strike or element because he can see everything is out in front of him and he's actually with the element that will have the most of an amount of impact to the mission. I would claim like man why am I so tired why do I get so and one of the things I was doing is sort of overreacting to every single thing and exerting myself a hundred percent all the time.