He's not, Yeah, I know everything, you know, it's kind of like, I don't know at all, you know? That's the way it is when you build trust and you take the time and you build the relationship and you prove over and over again that you're going to do the right thing and the right situation and that you're going to take accountability and responsibility when something goes wrong and that you have a good head on your shoulders and that you're not going to get emotional about things and you do all those things and that you're driving and supporting the mission. But some people, they, you know, it's like that's kind of their, I don't want to say they're Lot in life because it sounds kind of like it's a bad thing. A lot of times, you know, how like you'll be like, hey, you know, say something in your saying it at all, call me whatever. So if, if you're wounded in the street, and there's machine gun fire going on, and I say, you know what, I don't want to do this, but I'm just going to pretend to be brave right now. People like you and people like me, people with families and friends and hopes and dreams and jobs and lives. Yeah, you know, you didn't have to face these terrible horrors that lied beyond day, 10, day, 11, 14, 15, you know, and then it just keeps going until you fall off. Now, and also, Michael, in the other direction where you don't want to show that you're frustrated, or you don't want to show that you're angry, or you don't want to show, you know, if you're, if you've got your team looking at you and you, and you're, you don't want to show that you're frustrated. And like I said for the jujitsu versus striking, I think this is spot on the jujitsu and the grappling is as far superior way, like I said of controlling people than striking is. They become defenders because they know what it's like to be bullied so they don't like to see other people get bullied. Where if someone has a cup and is like, you know, help me, you know, give me money basically. Yeah, and you're going to break at some point, you know, and everyone is in like I said, it's just the way you're made up as your genetic code. You know, so it's like one of those jobs where it, it, you know, big way. But before that, I do have to let you know, I don't know, Jaco, just in case you didn't know we were sponsored by on it. They don't want like all this trick in advice, you know, but that generally speaking, I'm not going to categorize there. And some people, their cup, get filled up, especially when they are lucky or unlucky enough as we just discussed, to survive day after day after day after day after day and 14 days of thinking that you're going to die and seeing your friends get wounded or killed. And I think the reading, like, if someone could just inject all the information into your brain, then people would do it, you know. You don't have to know everything about this particular job that you're going into or what you don't need to know everything. And they're like, oh, he's like, hey, well, why don't you lead these people out of here, right? So I know a lot of people, they'll be like maybe a follow-up question to some questions on here, or something that they've heard. So I'm going to contribute to a program that gets people on their feet, Basically giving people the tools to help themselves, right? So if you're like, if you're rolling and you know GJ2 now and a bully tries to bully you, he will gather immediately in this program's like specific programs. Like, you know, so everyone's all nice and real weak and stuff like that. Yeah, it's like his humility is like, it's so genuine that that's one of his many worries of being a leader, you know? If you have time to, I don't know, go to the beach or, I don't know, whatever you do in your spare time. I'm going to fight and I'm going to battle and I'm going to use every tool I have to crush my enemy. But it's one that people always have a hard time getting their head around because I always said like, my boss did whatever I want him to do. I'm going to make, I'm going to lead up the chain of command and I'm going to get my superiors to let us do what we need to do to do it effectively. Because a lot of this negative press, like like this guy is saying, hey, we're getting more shootings, we're getting more beatings. And by the way, when he was doing those bond sales, he was living, you know, complete life of luxury, he was meat movie stars, and he was getting treated like a movie star and all that did nothing for him. So, you know, as far as the exposure and stuff like that, it's the newsman and just I think median general, it's easy to spread all this negative stuff. Yes, because just like what enabling is, look, if I'm a homeless guy, I'm like, hey, look, whatever, whatever my situation, I'm a homeless guy, I'm asking for money. You know, I've talked about like, when if you want to make an impression of your kids, they haven't listened to you and you've told them 14 times. And I think the people who enable people or who accidentally enable people, all that is them not putting enough thought into it, how to help them. It's a good sign when you got someone's like, man, I want to do he wants to do a good job. Like if someone has, if your wife is having a problem at work or something, they just want you to care that that's going on with them. And the people that are trying to love ones that are trying to help them by saying, okay, look, I'm going to help you through them. If they go all the way down, like, you know, they lose some important stuff in their life. You know, after the work up going overseas, more training in Hawaii, they finally get to this point where they hit the beach. Some people I think they might want to try to help people. How this guy's he's kind of like worried about people finding him out that he's not a leader, right? And then when you know that you just, you know, it man, you can deal with bullies really easy as a kid. So like I think something that would help is put in the thought with how you want to help. This is, I guess, a little bit of a softball for me to throw this question out because you know what I'm going to say. Some people would last a hundred days, but we wouldn't know that because they got killed. You know, when you're going into work, listen to the first hour of jockel podcast, when you're coming home, you listen to the second hour. You know, because even the SEAL teams, I love that you know, but guys would sometimes start feeling trapped in the Navy. They're just like just trying to live basically a freedom, a free life, you know? So when you learn GJ2 and man, I'm telling you, I wasn't really bullied or nothing like that, but when you start to know GJ2, you have it in your head. And if I think the enemy is going to attack me, I'm going to attack him first. The girls generally speaking, they, they want to know that you care more so than they want you to fix their problem. Now, that being said, because it's going to, it is going to help you make good decisions. But it's also, hey, you think I'm going to choke you, but I'm actually going to arm walk you. But this is the same thing that I say every time somebody asked me about how do you lead this or how do you lead that or how do you lead new people or how do you lead senior people. And another thing is find some, you know, maybe it's, maybe group of people that are involved in your work. You know, where to put your weight or where to put your force and where not to put your force, you know? And if I think the enemy is going to seize a piece of train, I'm going to be there waiting for him. I think, you know, there's all kinds of different people.