Like, be watch those excerpts because, you know, everyone's in a while, they'll miss, you know, this, you know, two hour podcast about, you know, something, maybe they didn't have the time of whatever. You know, in the personality, I think my personality kept me going, because it was a good thing in the instructors, even though I was pissing them off, they enjoyed having me there, because when it came to being, you know, making sand cookies and volcanoes and stuff, well, if they got too close, they became part of the sugar cookie in the volcano. So it was probably about, I don't know, 100 yards, you know, on each side of it, on the river banks until the tides, you know, went, when the tides changed over there because there were 14 foot tide change, then you'd have mud banks and stuff like that. And then all the new personalities at, you know, at, at team three, like Sharazee, you know, like, you know, We saw him, because the shit we got into man, I mean, one night, when we got ambushed on the damn guy, and Mike probably told you this, but we were going in and I, who had, I was going in on a sandpan. And these kids these days, like what you're talking about, is exactly what the, I don't know what the trend, I guess, called the trend of, you know, with social media, oh, I'm going to be rich. You know, so some of the other, some of the other tidbits about going through training, Mike, Mike Thorton, because the dirty name is built for big guys, tall guys, because I'm short, I got a big chest, the top log on the dirty name. Gosh, you know, I can't answer that question because we were working so hard, you know, and everybody goes, okay, we're going to stop operating two weeks, right? So, you know, in the beginning of it, it worked fantastic because we got a lot of bad guys, you know, basically out of the jungle. So we lost, I think, two guys that day and Wawkesland got his eye put out and then a lot of other people got trapped metal wounds and stuff like that, off of the mighty moat. Because you know, a lot of, like today, a lot of guys have a lot of mental problems adjusting from the war and stuff like that. And so we can put together, not very, very quickly, you know, and, you know, just in, in Germany when I was working in Germany, you know, in plus two, that's what it meant, man. And when we got back to sea float, you know, the, the boat that I was in was almost right as sink, right? I don't know what it was, but as a program, they had where they're trying to bring, you know, vets back on that had skills and stuff like that. I mean, when we got home there was kind of a demonstration outside of North Island, you know, about that kind of thing. So it was, uh, it was, it was a welcome, you know, thing for me to come back into because being in the business world, you don't have that kind of camaraderie that you do with the guys, right? But, you know, third phase to me was, you know, that was like a vacation because his land warfare, because it reached him, great shot. I mean, we saw it when we got home, you know, because of the, because of the anti war stuff and all that kind of stuff. So, you know, as, as we were going through this and going back on active duty in the 90s, she had never been involved in the Navy at all, right? Because I was just getting warmed up every, you know, when we start talking, I mean, the stuff about Vietnam and you know, the fact that you did a hundred missions, you probably debriefed three of them. The workout, but you know, you do like dips and in some push-up situations or whatever, you know, the various things. You know, but they were all, you know, I think, I think probably the biggest guy, the gunshot, I won was the chief. But yeah, we all got home safe, which was a blessing, you know, except for our five guys we lost their lives. I was out for like 90 days, did this trip around the country and then came back and got back on active duty, you know. I got like 20 guys from Vietnam to all right a story called the book was called the men behind the trident by Dennis Cummings. So I mean, when we get something, we could put together an op in a couple hours and ready to go because, you know, just as, as every seal knows, you know, once the, you get there and you get the routine down, everybody knows what their job is. So that was a role of the dice sometimes depending on what the moon coverage was at, you know, and tides, you know, what was going. Well, you know when Sierra Leone is your safe haven, you know you're going into a rough neighborhood. I think once I got my fins, I felt like, you know, I was a water baby then, because I could fly with the fins. I know that when I got home off of Op, I got my gear and put it on a heel and flew off. You know, I remember I go to a meeting, they'd be talking about what kind of boat engine are we going to have in 2028, right? But we always got the shoot and we got the blow up things, keep our calls up, we got the jump, which was better in the reserves than it was on active duty because you always had assets. I mean, when you're flying in, you're flying in low, a rocket team tried to, to take us out going in and, and the door gunner with the minigun, got pointed in the right direction and that rocket team disappeared. We all got back, we all got back to sea float and all of us had like 20 bird marks on our back where the hot brass had fallen out of that minigun I went. And you know, they would go to market, you know, which was up in Wung Tal and not Fung Tal, but been to Y and sell their fish and all that kind of stuff. And we'd say probably 3,000 people, you know, in that particular thing and got them back. But that if I were to react it that way, you know, people would say, hey, jockel, you know, you're being too aggressive. And that's when we moved off of, we moved off of Seafloat and moved into Solid Anchor because they had built the base over on, you know, stabilized the situation enough where the she-bees could come in and build the base, you know, over on the shore. That's what these old team guys did for me and also obviously thanks to Kirby for what him and his team is doing right now with saved in America.org they are out there rescuing children and I don't know if there is a more noble cause than that. So you know, you kind of say, what does a 14 year old know? And, and I said, well, you know, it's the only thing I know So we got that done and as soon as I got that off and running and they started the manufacturing, those, then I got sent the Spain. Obviously, but you got logistics, you got medical, you got food supplies, there's all these things that have to do with the place. And when I got in, what happened when you got to a team was you got in line? Well, we were, you know, when we got there, Admiral Zumwall had towed a bunch of barges up, right? I mean, you know, the, the police department, if they had the resources to do it, I know they would be doing it. They're so overworked, so over-bearant by, you know, runaway kids or kids that gets, you know, into trafficking. Yeah, yeah, you know, and that's all, that goes a whole new thing, but we, uh, they still have the cranes in the base there to pull the engines out of the Panzers. So, you know, that's why they have, they've invented the, when we're over in Bosnia, you know, the Brits had the triangulation thing. Like I used to say, I got to eat steak all the time, right? But the guys that were on the boat, you know, were inside and the rockets were going inside and the hot core was bouncing all over the place. Yeah, so psychological warfare, which is a little sonic boost for your brain that will make you think the right thoughts that you know you're supposed to be thinking. Devastate them, and now we got, now we got 40 sand pans full of fish, rice, guns, everything that the bad guys need down south. Oh, he absolutely like Mike got on the, Mike got on the bike. But some of the shit that we got into, you know, he just, it was time for him to go home. And then 1990, when I got callback to active duty, I went to Seal Team 3, started working at training cell with Mike Martin and K bar and a couple other guys that were there and were you a master chief at this point? But anyway, after after we got through buds, you know, then we went through, mom, we went to SBA. We were in German then not, you know, and it's so interesting to think I didn't know about in German. He was at the, at my retirement, you know, when I retired, from the Navy, I had, I had like five speakers that all came up and shared their, their comments about Kirby as he went through training. Needless to say, we looked like a wildman running at the village and that was because all the hot brass coming out of the minigods were going down the back of our necks and we were going, help us. I go, I know a lot of Mike's who, you know, me, you. We probably got four kids over there that we've got information and in tell-on that we will go seek and find, call in local law enforcement and have them recover the children just as I mentioned. This is what kids think it's going to be like nowadays and it's not like that anymore. And don't feel like a warrior kid milk because sometimes your body, your kids, you know what their body, their brain, their brain is saying, give me sugar. You know, we, what about older guys that were on their, who, who and your Patoon had been on like three, four, five deployments already? I flew into there because I was like the part of the pre-party to go to Seafloon and start setting up for the new Patoon and run the first ops stuff with the, with the old Patoon and stuff like that. Yeah, the guys that were there, they were just the serves, were fucking, you know, they were horrible people. I mean, you got to know the head, your motor head. We had another guy, Al Jatsu, as our Rishikiradi guy, you know, and they're all good guys. And there's like 20 different stories of, you know, the people is the first contact action that they had in Vietnam. Then I had got another company that did it and that grew to about 90 people, you know. So she got there and we got moved on to Kelly Barracks, right? Thanks for what you do as well for being on call each and every day to protect us and to everyone else out there when I think about someone like Master Chief who has given so much but you know what just keeps on giving. I know, I know, all those, all those cages that you see in there, guess who put those up? So then the, so I was on the ship and the, the cool part about it is I didn't stay in the fire room a long time because the people that were taking care of the captain's gig did know how to set the rack on a slant six Detroit diesel. Because when we got the Vietnam, it was kind of like, yeah, this place is cold. I know, I know there's hellows because there's hellows over the top of us. I don't know whether you know him or not, but he was a detailer. We, you know, we would do cold water training in the Colorado River and a big raft, yeah, that was good. But going after that, we got met with like 500 VC because they had a whole company size element down there. You know, I don't, I didn't know. I was there for, you know, and the whole thing was I got out.