And so we do need to make sure that, you know, a lot of people are going to, I know that a lot of the people that listen to this podcast, I'm not going to directly represent them in Virginia 10, which is, you know, Northern Virginia. And you know, I kind of have an advantage where people have kind of heard of me, you know, people aren't coming up to me every day and you know, asking who I am or anything. Like, maybe I could have been in one of those rooms and ran out the guy and, I don't know, given, people some time, you know, like a lot of people did. Yeah, you know, it was just, uh, yeah, popped into my head like a lot of these other crazy ideas that I have, you know, you just out one time and, you know, a lot of it has to do with, I thought of the idea initially when I was training for the month of marathon's. I think it's just getting a feel, it's getting to know somebody, getting a, it's like, you know, hiring somebody for a job, you get to know who they are and they just decide if they want to work with you or not. and I was like, well, you know, you have a great story and it's the same thing I feel like saying to you, like, man, you, you've got a good story, right? Because these people kind of know, you know, they know the people on a granular level because they're local representatives. And that's that thing that you say, too, right, where you're like, hey, put them in the right, if they're like in a leadership situation at work or whatever, right, like you're like, hey, if they're overconfident, give them something just beyond their level. And the only way we're going to get leaders there is if leaders step up and they put themselves into that arena, take the risk of, you know, being under fire from these people, you know, kind of harkens back to, I think I talked about this last time. Yeah, and the reason that a lot of the times people get elected that have these kind of extreme views is because it gets coverage, it gets their name out there, people find out who they are and what they're saying kind of scares the person and the person is kind of reacting and, you know, from that fear. He brought me into his office and kind of gave me a rundown of, you know, what it takes and what you got to do and he set me up with his consultants and they talked to me a little bit and like, you know what, maybe I, I think I can't do this. So, you know, kind of always trying to think ahead of, you know, what's the next thing going to be, what's the next thing going to be? And then you just kind of slow the call through your friends and family, like every phone, every phone number you have in your phone, you know, like, so I started with kind of people that I talked to regularly. And when she definitely was like, you know, how you know, sometimes things are unfolding and you can tell people they're just doing their best just to like detach from it. They think they can, you know, get a paycheck that they can try and help you, but in a lot of the cases in the case here is I think they look at, you know, whether or not you have a good story, whether or not you, they think you can get elected and they kind of believe in you as well. So I, you know, I walked over to campus to see if I, without any kind of protection or anything to see if I could find this guy or whatever, walked around a little bit, but you know, I didn't see anybody because, you know, it was all happening in the building and it was all over by the time, I even left my apartment. You know, and that's the other weird thing about politics is you know, I used to think of the officers that were in the military and most of the time, much of the time, the officers that you wanted to work for were the kind of officers that didn't really care as not the right word, but I'm not sure how to explain it. If they had to double check my work all the time, you know, that's kind of the the whole purpose of a representative, you know, governmental system is that we're trusting, we're depending upon this one person to represent our, you know, our issues and what we need. We have evidence, we have theories, but we don't know what's going to happen when we pass, you know, some legislation, and you can see that over the course of the entirety of our country's history, we pass the level, like, oh, this is, this is what it's going to do. And another reason that's kind of hard right now is because we have, you know, there's going to be a primary and a lot of people don't want to support in a primary because these people have money. This podcast, okay, you're on here, you get to tell, you get to talk about people know your story, they hear it on a broad basis, you know, you got your own social media that you can talk directly to people and there's no filter, doesn't cost any money to put up a social media post. It interested in what Rob Jones looks like if you don't know already, which I think is going to be sorely disappointed if you want to know. That you know, you got blown up and lost both your legs and both your arms and even same thing with you, like, hey, and you're saying it, too, you're like, hey, I've got a good story. Like, you know, you said earlier, you make laws, but you don't actually know what they're going to do when they hit the books and when they start getting an act in the world. And then, you know, human beings, these big old brains that we can adapt to when people figure out, you know, ways to maneuver and, you know, this is what you get. And you think, well, and I said, halfway through this conversation with Travis, I'm like, hey, bro, I just want to let you know, like, I get that it's not exactly your great story. Yeah, so I think I decided, you know, I committed to it and we started setting things in motion, you know, probably in April or something like that earlier in the year. So, you know, if everybody that listens to this podcast, if you, I know a lot of people write in questions, saying when is John, why don't you go and life, going to start running for office? It's like a crazy battleground where people on the friend you, if you make a statement or you like someone's political post that they don't agree with, it's like crazy people. But I do think that I can start taking it back in that, that other direction, you know, get what they and cringe, I'll get with Brian Mass and form these, you know, these coalitions that we can start having a positive effect on, on the way things are going in Congress. And honestly, when we first started trying to, when we were first talking about how we would get money to buy what we're doing, to support what we're doing, I said, you know, well, maybe we just make some t-shirts, you know, and you're like, You kind of were in a difficult period, you know, in our country and we have what we were talking about with the poison is slowly making its way into the government and feeding out into the society and it's kind of breaking apart, you know, the glue that holds us together. And then he's right, you know, Jim, so good to talk with another person that, you know, grew up in the fine state of Maryland and I appreciate the support that you all gave us when I was up there going to Naval Academy. I got to admit, you know, but was it like the kind of surprise throw you in or it's like, hey, don't worry. And so I think, you know, that I have a little bit of an advantage here where I can be kind of with this attitude and I can still get coverage because, you know, I am a wounded veteran and I've done so much service and I've done all these things that I've done. You know, I don't want to, that's, but also, you know, it's just like being self-sufficient, right? But in when you look at a big picture, like that's a specific scenario where you knew her like capability and limitations or whatever because sometimes like you get someone maybe not comfortable in the water or something like this. It definitely, you know, it would be it'd be a bonus to have the 8,000, you know, Instagram followers that I have all getting my, you know, political stuff. Even if it is, you know, what I said before where you don't know, I know for sure. yeah, you have your, you know, kind of so-called default aggressive type of opinion or position on that default, you know, good guy or whatever, maybe. You seem saying and it's kind of obvious like being like afraid of something then you say then somebody will be like, hey, what are you really afraid of the thing about what I'm really afraid of just feels scary. And I said this, I said this on a podcast and every someone's like, well, there's all these extremists out there and I was like, you know what, I travel the country all the time. So kind of your first quarter that you raise is kind of a bit of an indicator, like if you raise enough money in the first quarter, that's a lot of people kind of use that as a gauge on how much of a chance you have. So you know, I'm sure there's, you know, you have to file as a candidate and all this stuff, you know, at the convention. And when we got the first reports, it was kind of like, they were just saying that somebody was roaming around campus, you know, shooting people. and they had experience, you know, they worked on previous campaigns, they had a lot of experience, they got him elected, but I think the vast majority of the time you, you know, you approach a consultant, it's a position, you do campaign consulting, that's your business. I don't know if it actually happened, but I know because this sounds like there could be some urban legend to this whole thing. And they want to support you, but you just hit them, you know, when they're about to get in the car or, you know, they're, take drop in the kids off at school or something like that. But what I'm going to start doing now, I'm going to start saying, I'll have a Rob Jones and the white or be like, oh, you know, I see with half of that. And so while he's on the ployment, who guess who's responsible for like making sure that the sun is kind of like, you know, legit. But one thing that I've seen, and I think this has a lot to do with kind of where we've gotten this completely divisive culture in politics, is that people lack humility, like the normal person that years ago, what I said, oh, well, let me hear you out. And then so I called him again, you know, a week later, like, hey, just wanted to remind you, you know, I've announced now raising money. But at the same time, you know, they didn't want people's grades to be affected by, be negatively affected by, you know, for sure. So you have to figure out how to make yourself unique and get through that kind of guardedness in the very beginning that, you know, they're, they're automatically probably going to say, no, you know, I get, this is the 50th call I've gotten. But hey, like, like, like, you, like, we all understand now we're powering through it. You know, I wasn't nowhere near the, the shooting, but I was there for the, you know, the aftermath and the, you know, just the pain that we felt as a community after the fact. Like a lot of the times all out candidates to come up in the beginning and speak for a few minutes and just so that they know, you know, I introduce myself. But yeah, you know, it's like the, the, the, the ability to really be nice in a situation like that is a little bit tougher. The, uh, maybe sometimes you only think that the vast majority of people are doing it because they, you only hear about the people that are, that are being, you know, kind of naughty or whatever. And when my kids know me, like when I say that, it's not there's no like this, it's going to happen. So people are more likely to want to, you know, tell my story because, you know, it's a relatively compelling story. The best of us didn't survive because the best people in the concentration camp, the purist and most good people were the people that said, hey, you take this crust bread instead of me, hey, you take all step up and do this labor that's going to push you over the edge and make you sick. Let me dig into this a little bit because from the outside, what it looks like when we see people entering the political arena, it's like, all of a sudden, they just kind of magically appear. It's like when you you might like you might like this Cadillac or you might like that Cadillac. It was this kind of an idea that I had, like, maybe after the month of marathon's is done, maybe I'll, you know, take the next step and try and do a little bit more, and I'll try and run for Congress. You know, you got to get to the point, like you said, you got to get, you got to get at least the initial message of, hey, this is who I am. Based on what I read, and since you have to believe that what you're doing is possible, even if you think it maybe there's not a great likelihood, like I believed that when I was going through a danger area looking for ideas that I would get to the other side, you know, uningered. I think, usually, if you disagree with somebody, you both want, you know, the American people to have the best lives they can and have the most meaningful lives they can, you just want to go about it in a different way. But what, um, as far as like videos or whatever, like I'm going to subscribe, smash the like button, all that stuff. So it can be, it maybe it can be said that maybe it's the minority of legislators that are, you know, kind of, going under this kind of behavior. What actually happens, you know, when you talk to your friend, when you talk to these consultants and people start looking at you as a potential candidate, what does all that look like behind the scenes behind the, what do they call the sausage maker? But I think that those people at the far, far ends and both of those guys can be a little bit of Ground Zero for, you know, impact and people go go crazy. And after I went on the podcast second time, I was contacted by a guy that I know, and then you know, I think echo Charles and Ozam, his name is Dave Burke. And you know, let life like the joke is that life is like a nice person. And actually we joked about the fact, you know, I was like, if you met Ben Shapiro, you'd like to find his a really nice guy. She was kind of like, look, I know this guy's probably this is probably not right. It sounds like the coldest, most horrible thing that a person could say if you, if someone loses a loved one and you look at him and you say, well, you know, you've got to move on, right? I never actually thought about it from that perspective in terms of, you know, them allowing people to, to, you know, cut the semester short. And I think one of the things in you and I were talking about this earlier, when I talk to people and I talk to, I do pretty good in talking to people from all different kind of political viewpoints. If you think you've given everything that you can give right now, well, while you're thinking that, once you just take a moment and think about Rob Jones, think about Rob Jones, who's still going, who's still going strong despite everything that life has thrown his way. No, I was like, no, I'm like at some point, I, I somebody told me that these little statues were called Joko and I was like, oh, I wonder why that is? They're the type of people that say, well, there are people like you that say, hey, listen, this is not what I want to do, but this is kind of what I have to do. And so, you know, I thought of the idea then, and then I kind of, you know, I was doing other things. it's just one of those, I think they, you know, they, they just have to give you time, they give you, they give you, you know, gave everybody the week off. No, no, no, no, but like I was like, okay, like, I mean, I got into a. But yeah, I guess, you know, the way that it works is people probably aren't going to talk to you if you don't call him directly. And, you know, it's probably a pretty good place to wrap up what were, you know, this podcast, except for one more thing. You're going to, mostly the videos that we're going to be doing is just getting people to know who I am, what I'm about. But since I'm coming and I'm talking about being a political candidate, if I want, if you, if I want to do to pay for the, for my travel out here, then you have to do like some kind of in kind donation paperwork and all sorts of stuff. Don't make me like be like my friend Frank and have to chase them out three times Frank, you know, don't be Frank. You know, another thing that that's that I've definitely thought about since you, you know, entered into this arena is thinking about a thing about And also, you know, people, but you don't want to waste people's time. and then they guys just, you know, it just seems like he's going to be a selfless individual and he'd be a good in Congress. They get it through watching TV, they get it through doing through the paper, they're going online, podcasts, you know, things of that nature, Facebook ads, things like that. It's like, there's not a whole lot, you can't deal with the thing that everybody wants you to do is go back in time and have somebody tackle that guy, you know, before he ever did anything.