I mean, I'm not a parent, so I don't, I don't totally get that, you know, that side of things, but I mean, my dad, again, one of the things, I mean, I'll get into the nitty-goody of it because I'm transparent, but so on, June 23, 2012, like, if you're going to kill yourself, you're not going to, you're not going to tell anybody. So he has all these tattoos kind of like you except his are like notes, you know, like, like, yourself. And when I don't have that happening, that's that's like, when I don't have that happening, I, it's like, when I don't notice any improvement, I, I start feeling like, oh, no, like I can see, I'm on the wrong path right now. I mean, I don't know any, like, I can't remember what it's like anymore to like snowboard with two legs or a busted up leg. But first, well, you know, like throughout the story, you know, there's little pockets of maybe like, oh wait, well, you know, small detail. You know, certain areas, you know, Lashcarga, you know, I'm Lisa Kloan, all of that, like sure those areas, like for lack of better terms. Like you have at least this, like, I mean, I, the same, I mean, I surf and like I live by the beach. Like, we're going to go in and we're going to try and do whether it was bone crafting or neuro decompression or whatever, what it was like, we don't even know we're going to find any more. I mean when you look at those pictures when you see and Hillary step has changed I think in 2015 it changed from like this big kind of a like a 10 meter like 12 meter something rock. But no, I mean, the moment, like, three days into the actual, like, base camp track, I saw Everest for the first time and I just knew, like, that's it. But it was one of those things where it was, I mean, in a sick way, like, just like I was addicted to school, I sort of get addicted to that suffering, because like you suffer in your miserable, for days on end. And I'm thinking, wow, like, it, you grow up so much between the ages of 16, 17 and like, even 22 and then 22, 25, like, you don't know a lot when you're 17 years old. It seems like, you know, like when you say, okay, it depends on how you react to like all these things. As these things are happening, because the reason I kind of have to say that is because then you like do other things at the same time, like getting stunt women and getting crashed and blown up and stuff like that. No, like, well, I think what worried me was, like I said, the fact that everybody was looking at it and being like, we're not going to do anything about it. but yeah, like you know how you say it, or you've talked about this before, where if you're handed everything, yeah, you know, like you won't go case important. But that's like, I just wanted to show people that it was okay, you know, like, you don't have to be the cookie cutter, you know, definition of what beautiful is. And to me, that's not what Mal and Irina is, you know, like, in my opinion, like that totally discredits, but what all it should be, um, you know, I'm glad that I was out there with me and my thoughts and literally two other people. Um, and so I mean, even after we made it back down to base camp, I mean, coming down like through camp 3 and 2, like, I was so at peace with everything because I'm watching these zoos of people come up. So, you know, this really is, it's just about paying it forward and helping, you know, get the adaptive community into the outdoors and hopefully encouraging, you know, other people regardless of whatever you're adversity that you're facing, you know, to go outside and, you know, and find what really sets your heart on fire. And I don't want to say the cheesy, like, you know, beauty comes from within, but I like, I wanted to show people that it was, I mean, it was beautiful to be strong. Is there still, is that because you've been hiking in the mountains so much you've been doing so much that you're feeling like you're conditioning is good or is it like, is it like when you fight in MMA or you run a triathlon where when you get done you okay at a recover a little bit? I mean, I growing up, I would like for for a long time, some of my family was like, oh, God, she's going to be a social worker. Yeah, I mean, it is, but like for me especially, I mean, for any mountaineer, it's like building box. And so, I mean, it was just, I don't know, like a weird hunger from more that I wasn't really like finding any worlds. Like, just like normally, like as a as a door gunner, you're the eyes and the ears for the pilot. It's like your reaction is like you chose to go for like these huge reactions. Um, and so like, moving forward, I just decided that I was going to own my differences, that I was going to like be proud of the scars that I wore because they told my stories. I mean, I'm not like, when I think of any of the things that I've done at this point, it's like, you don't want to be celebrated. I mean, and I had a, I have, I had like a little, this weird caviar, like carbon fiber contraption that basically took all of the weight off of my lower limb and put it all into my knee at the time. But on the other, I think the other side is that to like, even right now when I do eventually finish this doctor, like I'm terrified of what I'm going to do with that time. I mean, I'd be wrong, like, when I got back down to base camp, but definitely, I was like, do you have any to do another attempt? I mean, as if I couldn't get any lower, you know, him saying that I was like, you know what? I mean, even though your days are varied between, you know, what your maintenance schedule or what your flight schedule looks like, it's, I mean, it's pretty freaking straightforward. But as far as like the physical aspect of it, you know, I just reminded myself like I'm getting to play for 13 weeks. It's like naked, you know, like that kind. Also, I thought, you know, that we mentioned like how you'd have, um, like challenges with your memory. Like just going to the bathroom, like hey, why am I here kind of think? But then I mean this time, like I just looked down at Rob and was like, no, I was at total peace with this situation. In my mind, this is big, but not as big as like whatever, but yeah, things that as I guess, and like it made me realize that I was impacting a lot more people. I mean, hundreds of people, and in that moment I was like, you know what, you did the right thing. I mean, we did little stuff, you know, white tail and hogs and stuff like that growing up, but none of the stuff that I'm doing now. I mean, the local indigenous tribes came through and like ransacked and destroyed all over camps and stole our passports while we're like, up, 15,000 feet watching them. You know, good or bad, or, you know, mischievous or whatever, like you can, you kind of started with that. So I was the first year was really, really difficult, but once I made it over that hump, I mean, I'm pretty broad to say that it's been like, and I've tried like hell. And, and at some point, like, um, you're, you're, are they giving you the protection like, hey, this isn't, this isn't going to last. And then of course there was like the nasaer and from, you know, from time to time that tell me, oh, you're not going to make it above camp 2 as in above the NPPTA. So yeah, when I went to the recruiter's office, I was like, you just got to give me something where I feel like I'm living that higher purpose. I'll send you a link later to my Everest, like mini documentary and I'm going to tank top when everybody else is in like these big, poppy summits. I mean, which was of course, I mean, that's sad for me because I'm sitting here watching these people go up, but I mean, your bodies are so trash after being at, you know, 26, 27, 28,000 feet for so long. And you and you, or society's cool, like, like, we're going to start snowboarding. I was like, holy, I mean, it is, it's like fully exposed. Well, when I was in this whole process, I mean, even from the get go with the face, like the interest in my face, um, you know, I didn't, and the doctor saw me all the stuff about my leg. yeah, I mean, it was everything from doing the hydraulics to riveting, welding, composite repair, you know, battle damage assessments, stuff like that. And there's the pier in the background and you're like saying, yeah, you know, I'm walking on the beach because I'm not going to be able to do this anymore. Were you ever at a point where like, oh yeah, we know we're going out, we're no And I think we were averaging, like, I think we average, like 10, 10, or 12 miles a day. And then as you, I mean, going back a little bit, but when you're doing the Marine Corps, your parents absolutely know that in the Marine Corps, after September 11th, if you were in the Marine Corps, there was a really good chance you were going to Iraq or Afghanistan. and you know, grab the gear and run out of the bird, it was, I mean, crashing or getting shut down or any of those things like never even crossed my mind. And for me, like, now when I look at like, I never recovered the strength that I have in my, in my right tricep and my right pack. Like I think about like, I work out all the time, but occasionally, okay, so here's an example. Well, I think too, like, I'm like an obnoxious thinking competitive person, but not necessarily with other people. If you want to know, I was going to say or I was saying if you want to see what Christy looks like. So actually like at the moment when we were going to turn around or we did turn around, I was above everybody by I don't know 20 yards maybe. Well, in a way, it kind of is misleading because when you look at the can, there's no like, high-biscuits or pomegranate, like fruity, tartare and so the magic image. I mean, so they actually, the only thing out there right now for people like me are the, for us to be able to climb the way that I'm climbing is the feet that I make, I make them myself. So of course, all of those things together on top of like word recognition and word retrieval and being able to communicate effectively with doctors or your parents or friends, like what you need. But like making it into base camp, it was interesting because there were so many people like waiting for me there. So like habitual stuff, driving a car like that kind of stuff you can do. But, you know, there's several, like, there's Hoot and Holleron and several of bombs and tears and, you know, everything. Because what I think there were like rugby players or something like, here's the thing. And then the dude that I, you know, was just back to the admire the most coming to me and saying that, like, I mean, that just destroyed me. And this is, you know, just for people that don't, for people that don't know too much about the military, I mean, the military is a massive organization that basically encompasses all of everything that happens in the world. I'm just like, hey, I'm going to, you know, guide a base camp track to Everest. I mean, some days it would be just your generic like, resupplies or your drop-in-off mail, other times, you know, you're doing everything from drug grades to And that's one of those things where it's like if someone's climbing with me and something happened, like I wouldn't be able to live with myself. Anyway, people who are nostalgic like that, they like the physical magazine. And quite frankly, I mean, flying over, you know, anywhere, saying in or any of those areas, the greens on like Afghanistan is beautiful. I didn't really care if I was going to be able to get up and run again, or any of that, like, as a young woman, you know, all I cared about was who's looking at me differently? Yeah, I mean, you'd you'd pucker, like I mean, it's very real. We like, oh, exactly like that actually.