So when you get these little tidbits of people doing the same thing as you and it's like, dang, I'm relating to these people just in that small little way every day, or however often you check your Twitter, you know, and it's kind of refreshing and it reminds you that there are people like that out there, you know, who want to wake up early and be disciplined and work hard and then face the day and get stuff done or whatever. And you know, people, obviously when I made the decision with life that we were going to write this book, we knew that we were going to be out there and people were going to know us. You know, you used to dealing with guys when we were working hard, you know, training guys for combat or we were training for combat and you think, oh, well, you know, you got to let these guys get home to their families. And I think at this point, I, you know, three months into deployment, I think I needed some kind of mental escape, you know, at least, you know, I was, I was like dealing with combat all day. This probably isn't going to be anything new, but, you know, how you surround yourself with like nine people or you surround yourself by a certain types of people and you're going to start to become like that. And and it does give you absolutely gives you confidence and confidence that you can handle situation, confidence that that's coupled with the respect that you look at everyone and say, hey, you know what, this guy might be able to, this guy might know more than I do, so I'm going to respect him. You know, like you're, you know, if you have a weakness for beer and alcohol, then recognize that or have a weakness for giving up when I start to get tired and training or something like that, recognize that. But I don't think it is really ridiculous because if you kind of, if you break it down, I think like I said, they have a certain need that isn't obvious to everyone, you know, everyone, I said, even to them, it might not be obvious. Meaning if people had a charge of personnel and moving people around inside the military, they know they know little bits of information. So, and not necessarily jealous, so they're going to say, you know, they're going to lie to you and say, hey, that's a bad idea when it's really a good one or nothing like that. Like if there's lyrics, you know, but if it's like, um, like some piano or something like that. Like no one said, I don't know what any of these people look like, which I guess is kind of bizarre. And when he started training, after like a month, you know, I said, you know, what do you think of jujitsu? And it's always, it's one of those quotes that I have to push back on because they think I'm going to come in there like a drill instructor and park or there's a people who are going to, and it just doesn't work that way. and I would imagine that a lot of people are like that where if they have a lot going on in their life, you know, where they can't get these certain thoughts out of the head, go to bed. You know, so most people when you talk to people who have been doing it for over a year, talk to everyone, anyone you know that has been doing it more than one year, I would say my argument would be 85 percent or more. Include and included in life, life-babbin who, you know, one of my brothers who wrote extreme ownership with me and he's one of the guys that, you know, he's got his got his copy But the level of this, when I heard about the decision fatigue, the level that I heard this on was, like, every day, you know, you shouldn't think about what you're going to wear that day. Not a, you know, not a marathon and nothing like that, but you know what I'm going to do? A lot of the questions are about leadership and so I kind of as I thought about diving in a little bit to to this book and and talk about a little bit of course you could spend, you know, we could do 50 episodes, 10 hours each on this book. Little cycle of like you waking up at 4.30 in the morning, like me, like as a ritual, you know, that's one of them. I think there are ways to help, obviously, I think it's like through like a therapy type of situation, not necessarily like a professional therapy maybe, but not necessarily or something really impactful. But at the same time, you know that, hey, I'm going to be able to at least know what I'm doing very confidently. You know, when I was running land warfare training, you know, hey, should we give these guys a little extra time? People talking about Karen for your guys, and here's another good, you know, I, this is going back to the book. And I think that's, you know, people would tell me like, hey, social media is cool. And oh, I'm just going to be totally abrasive and treat everyone like crap because you're not going to get people to follow you with that attitude. Yeah, because, I mean, and I think I, I think I know what your point is going to be here. You know, I'm glad we're most of the people listening this aren't dealing with a situation where they've got some grievous scenario going on. So this was kind of the communist way, and he wanted all the officers to know and understand that, because how can you be an enemy if you don't know what they're thinking? And you know what, you know what echo, I'm in charge so we're going with method And there's these, you know, I always talk about like the single moms, the single dads that are out there, they're getting up earlier than me and they're going to work. Whatever that looks like, okay, you know, I don't know yet, but we'll see. And then the guy says to me, so I've brought the guy in and I've told him I'm going to coach him and this is what I'm going to help him with and I said, okay. But then, you know, because I have kind of a weird background, I get these crazy old hardcore punk rock kids and you know, they're communicating with me and it's just, it's very interesting. So for instance, is that kind of like if you're with a group of people and once one guy says, hey, where do you guys want to eat? I'm just going to hold these until until I put them on the thing, I'm not going to put them down because right now I kind of want to put them down. Not you for pursuing your path and, you know, and not giving them the attention or not going to their house every other Saturday or whatever, like you're supposed to or whatever, it's their fault or not their fault. you know, you're in a detrimental situation, recognizing, hey, if I can practice some toughness right now where, you know, a month ago, two months ago, I would have straight up gave up. You got to these problems, though, these, you know, initiatives that you're trying to start, these things you've got to handle and that's that's good and that looks very similar on the battlefield on a personal level. So think about that, you know, this, this idea that you're on the defense all the time, and you're constantly like waiting to get blown up or waiting to get more good, or waiting to get a take a sniper around. and I question to everybody and everything I'm constantly asking those questions because you don't know you don't know if you're just listening to the generals that only listening to themselves back to the book. You know and definitely you get to use one of the things you got to have an open mind with and see what other people are doing and how are they doing it. And it was one of those things that I read and it was so starkly different from the situation that I was in where I was with these guys in my own task, you know, the seals in my task unit, the marines that were there on the ground with us, the army soldiers that were down on the ground with us. If you don't, she makes you feel guilty, you know, if you can't make it or, I don't know, your sick or something, she makes you feel guilty. And then the next thing, you know, you're sleeping in until nine, you're knocking your workout and things are going horribly backwards. And then to kind of explain though that, you know, there's some people that go, yeah, this guy is a great leader. You know, we have a little saying in combat, he who flanks first wins, meaning the person that gets around to the side and attacks from an unexpected direction is going to win. So I think that to really use that in an in an accurate way or in a conducive way, I'm not here to make friends, is if you can show them results and at the same time not necessarily, you know, be the nicest of guys. And you know, like, what is going to make you?