So now, I mean, I literally deans main training partner for something like 12 years at this point, and like you said, this is when Dean's just dominating, and so I'm going to a seal conference on this remote location, and I look at the roster of who's gonna be there, and he's gonna be there, and I went to a whole depot, and I bought like a 30 by 30 canvas, canvas, you know, tarp to put on the ground, so I could train with him, and I send him an email, I was like, hey, I see the trick on the conference, let's train with him, he's like, absolutely, look forward to it, I'm like, I do too, and so we get out there, we fly to this place, we meet up, and I say, let's train, and we get on the mat, and I'm just, you know, like, a thousand times better than I was, and again, at this point, I've been training with Dean, I gone through a whole competition phase, so anyways, and he's been working, and he's been deploying, and he's been being a seal, so I mean, I just trained more, and I was just all over him, and so I submitted him a bunch of times, and then, and then, you know, he kind of said, like, can you just show me some stuff? So what I'm going to do is like anything I post is going to be very relevant or even like, you know, like a, like a, you know, how we record before we start recording, I might post some deleted scenes. And you know, I said, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, nobody's well, that person might be better than me. So again, it made it made fitness, what I'm, quote, fitness be popular, you know, this is cool thing, you know, and a community, you know, in a way that I don't, it's, I mean, like you said, there's, there was already some of these, but they're like, okay, Just go out of their way and be like, I'm the greatest, you know, but if someone's like, hey, you know, honest question, do you think you're the greatest and they really think they are the greatest in their experience or whatever, they're going to say the honest thing. If everyone's thinking like that, or if they're even vocal about it, you know, you can't help the kind of maybe feel that and be like, maybe that's kind of the thing, you know? Usually happens with a guy who's close to you, you kind of starts with you, or maybe kind of you meet him, and you're just, you get start off the relationship for lack of a better than you start off at a similar level, you know, and then you kind of develop this little competition, like, the guy, you know. So it brought fitness into this more of an activity to do rather than, okay, you got to do this short, you got to work out, it made it into like an activity, like boom, and not just, okay, I'm going to go do some easy stuff with, you know, the girls on the weekend. I mean, a purple belt, you know, I'll roll with purple belt in our gym and they're competitive, you know, most of the blue belts, unless there's studs are, you know, you're not going to be really threatened with anything even positionally. yeah, you know what I'm still training, still training, and any actually, completely, will compete in the worlds, and did well in worlds, as a purple belt, I think you actually won worlds, as a purple belt, and eventually got a spround belt, and so finally, like 10 years later. And they're still trying to fill that little psychological cup and it's manifesting in this other way, you know, through business through, you know, being maybe seal Gigi to champion, you know, whatever it may be, but typically, and I'm saying every single time, I'm sure there's exceptions or maybe there's not exceptions. But the reason there's an article like that is because it's a small part of that, in all of us that wants to say, you know, hey, you know, maybe with your close friends, you'd be like, hey, did you get them in Don't, you know, don't say, hey, no jumping on the bed one day and then the next day you don't feel lazy or tired or whatever and you don't say, hey, don't jump on the bed because they're going to be like, oh, well, is this today I can jump on the bed or is it not I want to jump on the bed when you're not looking guess what I'm going to be doing. I think it, you know, now people realize, you know, for a while they kind of held the line of like, no, all you need to do is what it says to do on the CrossFit workout of the day. Confidence, like, you know, confidence saying, I know I can, I know I could win this match or You know, I mean, of course, you know, mistakes if you go too extreme, but because really success or I don't say success, but really driven people people who are just, you know how you get somebody who's just driven. But when you saw beef jerky as someone who's into protein, you know, when you're, I don't know, when I turn like 15, 16, started like in beef jerky was Dang that is dope. Like, oh, but I actually, I think pretty much only with you, where it's not embarrassing, it's just like when I think back on it, I'm like, man, I should have been maybe mentally tougher. It's, it's for real, you know, like, a hard workout, and to put you through, you get in a group and across with situation, and they're going to be yelling supporting you, and it's way easier to stick with a workout program when you have people supporting you. And it doesn't surprise me because I know what motivates people and I know how to, I know the principles that work. but, and then one time years later, I saw him, and we were in, we were in DC, we actually at the Pentagon, hadn't seen him for a year or two, and I see him, and I'm in my, my khaki uniform, you know, with short sleeves, and he's like, oh, you look in skin, you lose weight, and I look back and when you said, I'm just trying to get down to your weight class, and make it more even next time. And I was like, all right, I said it all try and something like, man, he's like, no, no, you're getting promoted. No, and I think it's also good for me, diving into this other book here, you know, know where you're going to gain knowledge from, or confirm knowledge. You know, you know, some people they're like, hey, I'm not cocky. So I think that as a base, you know, like if someone just randomly says, you know, hey, I never worked out before what should I do. Yeah, I mean, unless my point is that's why I don't want to talk to people about parenting because I don't know, I don't feel like an authority on it, that should be giving instruction. So like, the point is it's so ambiguous, you know, you think you've been like, what is a successful parent? So that's that aha moment that I was like, okay, this jujitsu thing is way more, because I was bigger than him, I knew I could lift more and I'm going to wait to him and know that at this point. So they go off and they're just basically shooting off their guns with no, you know, no, you know, whatever the software is to, yeah, you know, so that's what they make mistakes. Like if you could, if you have a message or you know, some kind of discipline they're imposing or some kind of just idea that you want to you want to stick with your kids. Like, I had bumper plates in the, why were I grew up, you know, and there was, you know, two guys that would actually Olympic left and you go, oh, wow, that's cool, but never in the gym. So I was like, well, I'm gonna roll with Dean, but so I maybe outweigh them, but you know, I don't know, five, five pounds, whatever. I was like, hey, so you know, like, all I said was what happened? But I was like, what if I, what if I get Dean, that'll be so awkward, you know, like, I got him in. But in regards to them, like, because what you do is like Twitter, you just like the page, right? Not getting too deep into specific things about how you specifically parent because there's like, is there even such thing is perfect parenting everyone like everyone's desires for the way the kids turn out is different. And the more you accept the fact that you don't know everything you don't like the question before like what are you embarrassed about? Yeah, I mean, they didn't exist, I don't know, five years ago, but like, I, my old squat rack thing was ancient, right? And so now, and then finally, like probably six months ago, maybe a year ago, I just said, you know, I'm starting to let people pass my guard He's like, like he's been training for six months when you weren't looking or something just in that one day because I think it's a mental thing. Just right when he grabbed me, I was like, oh man, just the way he was and it just, you didn't feel like you could just do anything. You know, there's some other really good stuff out there, but you know, if you, it CrossFit's a good one. And there's a few times where I was like, I admitted to myself that I was like, I didn't want to deal with that at that time. I don't know there's a teacher at, you know, that drug dealer, whoever they're going to get it from somewhere. Because you're going from zero up to like, you know, the learning curve. And I said, like, I'm all right, you know, I've been training for a while. Meanwhile, they don't really understand and then you're just like, I don't know what I'm doing wrong kind of thing. And I didn't know him, he was from the East Coast, and I didn't know him, and he was strong, and he was a blue belt, right? It's like, yeah, because they talk about themselves all the time or something like that. Yeah, you mentioned how you don't, like if you don't listen and you know how you failed to put yourself in the other person's shoes, right? And I'm so like, I had, so I roll in right on, you know how you kind of, we didn't start standing up. I did CrossFit for a little bit, and even for someone who's like, in pretty good shape, like they can be hard. So we're doing because in my experience anyway, I've seen their like polar opposites as far as that kind of personality, the guy who will get a belt in disappear or the guy who will get a belt in the day he gets his belt. And they've got to understand, I think, this is one of the most important things to keep teach kids is they've got to understand how what they're doing today is going to affect their lives in five years and three years in ten years in 15 years. And you know what since we're talking about it, you see some kids, I've known kids, you know, kids I grew up with with nice parents and all that and they go off the rails. And so, you know, again, like I said, it's you've got, there were decathletes before CrossFit. And you know, some people, they won't do it necessarily in terms of being a leader or anything like that.