when you when you are looking through the index here's some here's some things communication with bosses forms of complaints complex problems compromise condis-concention confidence construction sites contingency planning counseling count nins it's got some it's got some very interesting topics all about leadership check that one out then of course there are the warrior kid books one two and three to get kids on the path we got Mikey in the dragons for the little or kid teach that kid to overcome fear we have the discipline equals freedom of field man the first field manual about how to be on the path if you want to know about workouts there's a bunch of workouts in there for you if you want to know about martial arts there's a bunch about martial arts in there if you want to know about food it's in there sleep it's in there all that stuff's in there and then there is the thoughts from me and and then there's extreme ownership and the dichotomy of leadership these are the two leadership books that I wrote with my brother-lave babbin and if you need help with your leadership you can check those out there's also echelon front this is our leadership consultancy and what we do is solve problems through leadership go to echelon front dot com for that if you want to get some of that training online check out eF online you don't need someone from echelon front to show up at your business to give you the instruction you can get it from eF online online training interactive online training then we have the master the next master is in Sydney Australia which is happening now this is probably already done so look at extreme ownership dot com for details of the forthcoming masters in 2020 okay a conversation pointer on about a certain thing and you kind of want to chime in more like that's how I feel you know like like when I'll listen to it's like a conversation going on kind of with you it's what I feel like you know just those my one of my prelimic experiences with it nonetheless called grounded podcast same-duo on uh you know iTunes Google Play all that stuff also the worry kid podcast hmm don't worry about that one And these days, well, you know, kids are relying on the GPS and they forget about some of those land nav skills and it always cracked me up because they're now they're to a point where they really rely on the GPS, they don't know their pace count and, you know, I'd be walking on the training operation, you know, it's okay, you know, just not even thinking about looking at a GPS because I did a map study and know where we're at. I guess I'm making it for you you know I'm just gonna do it you just be quiet so it took like 40 minutes you like made it he brings out you know you know once you've eaten a lot you still think you can eat more but then after like 15 minutes you're like and I think that's a common thing you know like I'm sure Pete could tell you too like if you was at the post office or wherever any sees like somebody with the you know some or jean boots on or something like this he just kind of look at him look at the boot to me like yeah with legitimate products by the way because one thing again I said this for like you know how your friend where your neighbor whoever they give you the soap wrapped in the little decorative plastics ribbons you know that soap not really but continue well they'll do it from time to time and they're like but this one shaped like a claim or mine or something you should be usually it's shaped like a turtle shell or like a you know rain drop I don't know fabrius tank typically no nonetheless jacco jacco soap the one the eight inmates is like good you it's soap hanger it's not a decorative piece you got it functional as you say it will help you stay clean also youtube channel if you're interested in the video version of this podcast you know if you have a smart TV like hanging in your wall in your gym you're wearing your house whatever office whatever you want to play this podcast boom put on the youtube version i say that because i hear that people are doing that mmm i've seen videos of people doing that me too this is pretty cool plus you can see echoes videos that he well it's up for debate whether he goes overboard or not i think some that's clearly that it has gone over what i think they're like like what do you call borderline push the envelope You know, so he's bleeding like a stuck pig and, you know, the bad guys are coming and, you know, he takes out 20 of them. no well you know I think it's a cool record right there you just got trapped it's a cool reminder for sure yes wherever you listen to podcasts yes subscribe if you would if you want fully also speaking of subscribing it's another podcast that people seem to like call ground it keep you grounded kind of you jiu-jiu uh a theme this is not it's not really a jiu-jiu-jiu thing kind of is it's just more what exploring certain elements of life in a little bit more loose way oh yeah to me that tells me 100% like that you know when I see somebody that's wearing you know that's representing I just give them like a little head a little something And when you think about it, Jitu's like the most efficient, a lot of not efficient is word, but it's like it's exercise competition, friendly and how should I say, what you call, aggressive, aggressive, but like what's like beneficial competition, you know, how there's like unhealthy health. And he said, well, I talked to, you know, Sergeant Jones and, you know, it was impressive because he said, and, you know, I had total faith in him. Well, it's really infantry, but it's put trolling operations, raid ambushes, you know, those kinds of things that we're doing in S.L.F. You know, when I first got to S.L.F.G when I went in with my group, everybody did, I arrived with went to what they called the 1-0 School, the S.L.F.G team leader school. So, you know, it was go get, so we went out and you know, sure enough, it didn't take us long to find, you know, of a container or so of people. If I only have to go out six times and six months, I mean, I've got to get to deal, you know, the grunts are going out every day and fighting, you know, or doing something or being exposed. And it started over by the chemistry, you know, so then we get out, we run the firing range, you know, I'm, I wasn't expert marksman before ever, you know, went in. also jocquwaiti yes not forget about the jocquwaiti you know once you kind of deadlift all that way to whatever we tend to forget where you know how you got there so let's just not forget that and plus winter is here kind of sure So I found this Taekwondo place, you know, right off campus there, and I went in and I said, you know, I need to help him up a little bit. I mean, we're out here with people, you know, you know, bullets going everywhere. Yeah, so I went to FOP-1 at Fubi with a group of other people and when we got there, they grabbed everybody, but me and said, you know, you guys are going to one zero school. Whether you're American or indeed you've got to know where it is, you've got to know how to get there. So I jumped around behind the tree and, you know, we set off to clay moors, had a full of ledge, you know, a firefight going on, eventually had to work gunshilts and things and get extracted. If they, if they don't have masks, and now all of a sudden they're getting all of the the gas coming in, you know, it's hard for them to see the instrument panel to be able to fly, you know, what they came back in and they got us out. You know, a lot of times we would carry gas, we'd carry regular, you know, like a CS grenade. I mean, you got to know where you are on the ground because you know the topology. And, you know, ironically enough, that was very similar to what it was like, you know, when I came home and went to the Ranger Department and became a Ranger instructor. so all I've kind of disparaged that flavor a bit of you know I've been like well you know everything else is so great And then, you know, when we got in contact, you know, when I call for those targets, they put it right on them. No, you know, hall it because like if you drink even like a coffee scenario where you, you get to a point where you drink too many coffees and you're like, I don't feel good anymore. So when we get about the two mile point, you know, I, I told him, I said, sir, I'm going to, I'm going to go ahead and turn around here and go back and take care of some things. I mean, if the bad guys are coming, he's gonna take them out and you know, demonstrate it out, you know, on several occasions with me, demonstrated it later on. But you know, because, you know, compared to the regular mission, I mean, this isn't a little brainer. And those younger guys, you know, they just, they just don't have this, not all of them of course, you know, we still get some guys that are great at it, but it's just a different time. You've got to look at that and say, even if you have the attitude of it will happen to someone else, when you've got green trace you're coming through your aircraft, that might change even my mind and start thinking, okay, probably not going to probably not going to make it through this. So you take over this, you take over this new team, you got barge well, which I'm sure you heard me talking about it with Tilt, but you know, he was when I was a young officer, I just got picked up for a commission and I went to Germany and he was the guy in charge over there. And you know, it went in things I talked about and you know, the stress book is that when your stress level gets really high, you lose your fine motor coordination. But I paid for it, you know, later on, you know, I actually got extracted and it realized I had pulled muscles in my shoulders. He's got an AK-47 slung over his shoulder and he's telling, you know, his aids and body guards, hey, if we get in trouble, you know, worry about me. And if he does okay, then, you know, he will take over the team and he'll start getting, you know, Sog missions. it's just go up jockel store dot com if you like something hey man get something represent good spot don't forget about this podcast if you want to listen to it and when you want to know when it comes out then you can subscribe to this podcast wherever you subscribe to podcasts which is a good call because echo doesn't think you've subscribed to it So we, you know, he got along well because I had to ask about him because I didn't, you know, he was a different company, nobody. I mean, you could buy, you know, nitric acid, I mean just unbelievable, chemical, you know, you could buy. And I know I should probably say Dr. Thompson, because I know you got your PhD as well. but you're not amazed by this just say good or whatever unless those jokes so I'd say it as a joke mocking every guy you know I rose into your normal language I did that anyway these items to keep you on the path help yourself help others all that origami dot com is where you know also And that happened on a regular basis where, you know, I, when I go speak a lot of times, if it has a, this kind of flavor to it, if they say something about, you know, being in special forces is a lumping. And then the disk would get smaller and smaller and then we would go onto a course where the target's popped up and it was lined fire in terms of, you know, you're using your weapon and shoot from the hill and you know, get so you could hit all the targets. so you go to jocquwaiti store dot com what can get there rash cards rash cards this is like representative of the path you're on the path you represent on the path the kind like if people know if you listen You know, he poked through enough to make a little hole in him, but it didn't go all the way through, you know. So the first bag I picked up, I went over to name, I thought, wow, you know, I know him. I don't know that the other team would go out that frequently, you know, in that short appeared. We got to get out of here and get back and I told the door gunner, we got to go straight to the hospital, we got to drop this guy off and he's got to have medical attention right away. Because, well, what I tell myself was like, well, you know, I kind of need to see what it tastes like. And, you know, we didn't launch unless the weather looked like it was going to be good. so anyways maybe and it made me need to make a tear-missue mole if that's if that's even a thing but wait what is it is there a tear-missue like a flavor I don't know if I got to do research but I found some you know the one in the can evaporated milk you know that thing you ever tasted that before So, you had to start in like, 2500-3000 meters away and bring them in because you didn't know where they were going to land. Just like exercise, you know, like the stress, I think that's sort of how it works, mentally, physically. You know, you know, you're starting to work some gunships and stuff. You know, if you guys, were you guys able to look out in a day and say, okay, there's that there's going to be storms moving through here tomorrow? But I think tilt mentioned that one point we had a commander take over CCN who said, you're going to carry the KY38, a secure radio, which, you know, the PRC 701 was about 25 pounds, and then it had to connect into the KY38, which was the same square. and you know you see somebody representing in the wild you know they're on the path You know, you know, trying to get a kill while you're doing it. is it because of the coffee I have no idea I don't know I'm at any idea what's in tear-missue I don't know what it is Yeah, I mean in the story you're talking about is a approaching and start shooting, you know, the first two guys to get the get there, one start shooting and what happens is some of the bullets are hitting on different parts of the stoop and start to ricochet back. and I I took a bite and it was the it was definitely one of the best things I've ever had dang that's saying a lot because it's one thing if like you're hungry in the first of me had it all you know kind of has an impression and imprinted in your brain One of the things I used to make my guys practice that they really didn't like was when we were going on mission because you're going to be out there for so long. and it said it said you could you could just know exactly what it said it said literally a peanut butter chocolate milk shake that was the the text You know, he just, you know, he's just calm. You know, if they don't cooperate, you know, sometimes they get terminated. And because you might have four gunships, two to four A1E's, generators, two to four L4s, you've got Covey, you've got the insertion ships that you're going in with, you've got trailing ships in case those get shot down that are flying empty so they can drop down and pick you up. but when you listen to it like you feel you it kind of feels like the feeling right because you have a certain experience when you listen to to podcasts the feeling you get because I listen to it I don't get feelings but go ahead we get feeling it's kind of like So there are a lot of techniques that I had brought in that I had learned before I got here and then, you know, kind of, developed across time and always trained at teams. And he and I, you know, kind of became friends in between missions, we would do things like, why don't we take somewhere guys tonight? But, you know, to me, and my experience said, the more you can look like an empty pair of fatigues laying on the ground, the greater your chance of survival when somebody is shooting at you. So, but still, it's kind of like today, the best weather predictions that are made by the ones that day after, you know, we can tell you what probably happened yesterday or at least with a high probability of what happened yesterday. Yeah, it's kind of like, like you get small levels of stress in Jitu to the point where it doesn't feel like stress, but technically it's stress. I don't know what it feels like, what it looks like and how far you've gone. I know I got to do research see no what that means got to eat some art The paper that you signed when you joined SAB said, you know, a lot of volunteer to go anywhere, do anything for six months or six missions, whichever comes first, got it. So I had a little time to get to know the team better, to learn all the drills and the way they did things.