You would set down, you're going to rig this thing and for anyone that doesn't know you're on your knees, when you're rigging something like that, you're on your knees, and you're, you know, got to use both your hands. So, you know, I had to, you know, let him go to happy hunting ground wherever, you know, and crawl back and later on that day, my self and the other guy were able to come out on strings and then they really hammered a place there. When that kind of stuff was going on, what did you guys, was that, you know, we look back armchair, quarter back and say, oh, you know, what were they thinking, what were you guys thinking? This is the type of person that I'm thinking that you're going to save, you know, someone like Colonel William Reader who, you know, the stories that he told about being captured. And they said, you know, with an impact that hard, you know, you're bound to have some, you know, some bruises and whatever. I mean, however, I mean, people were being killed almost every week, but, you know, in every two or three weeks, we'd have, you know, like a memorial service. And, you know, so, you know, they said, your, your name's really, you know, terminator. so that he doesn't see me, you know, immediately, then, you know, I can probably wound him, dragging back in, and you know, he'll be ours. And, you know, when we got back, they said, you know, I think there's something wrong with you. We know that part of it, but when he takes you back to the moment, but we really don't know if this guy's going to live or not. And, you know, if he's got buddies, you know, you can only reach so far with a knife, but with that car 15, you reach way out there and tap somebody. So you start, you know, talking back and forth, you know, with, they've got a cubby out in the area now. I tried not to put anything, you know, besides, you know, the the med kit, which was pretty flat, the gals pads and things like that. and so I guess today, you know, in this day when I hear people saying, ban cluster bombs, you know, you use cluster bombs. Sometimes sometimes when we would get back, you know, the team member setting, you know, the American member setting around, sometimes we would say, man, did you see what, here what happened? I kind of trip out like when I go home in this in a lot of ways, but in this particular way where you know how like in the movies. And, you know, I knew we were going to get hammered because they were going to open up on us. I don't remember exactly how many I had, you know, maybe 30 years old, but, you know, a little less than I had. And then he said, he sent out another made a. And said, you know, we're on fire going down. I had commanders, you know, starting with Dick Meadows, that started this thing about, you know, you're the most relentless person I've ever seen. And, you know, I had other commanders that, you know, after that, saying the same thing. You know, you know, anger and not making good decisions and being loud and being confrontational. So, you know, how like you, when I forget to take it, like you kind of look at me crazy. And, you know, it's a lot closer than, you know, 3,000 meters. I mean, when you were talking to Tilt, he was saying, you know, in late 69 and going into 70, whole teams are just disappearing. And then you start, you know, putting those, you know, rounds through there as fast as you can. But just how weird this is where let's say you went back in time and visited, you know, tilt or whoever and say, hey, this is what you're going to do. And the next day there was a hatchet force that was there too that had a mission to go, I don't know what their mission was, but they were going somewhere. And you're doing all this just on top of, you know, losing your friend, your brother Dennis Neill, who completely, you know, disappears. And you know, you know, when you're in a, a dang, uh, captain of America outfit, just walking around. Bruce is, you know, close to me, but I know where he is. I mean, could you, you know, I had thought it was going to be three years. Because if this guy is going to start acting like an idiot, this is going to be a real problem. But, you know, the regular troops rarely, you know, fired on that much. And you know, I don't know if you've seen. And, you know, we didn't have, you know, communication back and forth. I know the answer I know I can do more. And then it was, okay, you got eventually, you know, but a time the next mission came around. And once they got out there and said, you know, where the king of the Hill, they were told, okay, come on back down. You know, to process out, they told me, now you're going to be stuck here for a couple of weeks or so before we can get you on a plane home. I mean, you couldn't just walk around through the cities and, you know, particularly after curfews and things like that. So you know, the controversy is is brewing around a lot of things between us and the aviation commander over what's going on. I think what I'm going to do is just crawl out there because they're, I know they're crawling around that. And they just couldn't believe that I actually went on a mission like that and was able to do, you know, what we did. They're going to know we're coming back. This guy might know you're going to and then they can beat me. You know, because it's just going to try to come up on auto. I mean, these guys for just to be thinking with all this enemy fire coming, they're not going anywhere. Just some just some little kind of nice to know information which you had none of your brief was there's good guys down. He's going to be like, he's going to get excited about it. So the enemy's going to know that you're there. And questioning, you know, some of the political things that we're going on. You got to get away because you know they're hurting you right. You know, there was about about a two week delay between the time that we did the bright light mission for Dennis' team. Yes, because I think it's because you kind of, like, feel like you're a little bit of the star of the ground. And went back to the launch site and they said, you know, that was good, but there's still a ton of them out there and I need you to go back in tomorrow morning. But now I'm packing you know, the 40 pounds of C4 in there and I've got a few hundred feet of debt cord to that was left over. That's when you say, you know, you're going to be overrun where probably get a die. And, you know, I asked till they said, do you like dogs? So I got all my guys together and said, okay, we're going bright light. Whatever you do, like Brad, you know when you're driving, right? You know, what about those old pictures of tilt when tilt's like 20, 20, two years old? But you know that's going to happen. And you don't know where they're going to walk. So now, is this just confirming, like, you know, we talked about on the last podcast that you're thinking you're knocking up. So we're going to prep the LZ but we have to be careful because we don't know where to go. And you know all the sub guys were well actually a lot of guys that we've talked to. So, you know, it's a question kind of like we talked about before. Though everyone is in shock and confused about, you know, what's going on? You're just going to get something in the us nice to know. And you know, it's not going to be pleasant. And like I said, if you haven't listened to 203 yet, you want to get the background for Dick Thompson, Sog warrior, and we're going to jump into this mission once again. And what was, in a resting way, you know, it got dark. and I know I got hit a more than one second. My son wore a dang, a dang Superman uniform for like two straight years when he was, you know, five years old, five and six. But we went on in, got on the ground, got my first load in the tree line, brought in the rest of the guys. You know, the pilot of that aircraft should have said, one of my guys is missing. As he got close, I heard him yell, LT, Do you know how to hook up a McGuire rig? That kind of have two sides to it, you know, and then I can, you can kind of see, okay, where does people, where do people fall on this issue? And that nothing, you know, never that's what's found and things like that. The enemy you leave that helicopter with 40 pounds of debt or 40 pounds of C4 and a bunch of debt cord, which for those of you that don't know debt cord, it's just explosives in a string. And that's why that's why you know when I was thinking about this like it's cool. So I, I crawled out here, you know, would cover in fire from a little guy. Yeah, that's sort of the, you know, that's like the, I don't always say the ultimate horrible situation. You know, all kinds of things like that. You know, you got two people, two of you, you're injured somehow. And he didn't, you know, he told me he's like, I didn't get back in the game. Light weight, just like when you're in the military, which you weren't, so you wouldn't know anything about, about field camis, about how they used to have woodland camis. You know, because you've got to put the magazine in when you left hand. You know, it's it's really interesting that if anyone listen to this podcast, we've we we I had on a one of the guys have had on the podcast was a guy named Colonel William Reader. And I'm watching the ground come up and thinking, you know, this is not good. I said, I, you know, next time the siren goes off and we head for the bunkers. You know, so you see people like that. You know people are like that. And my other daughter wore a dang 22, you know, that is like a ballerina outfit, ballerina uniform. It's kind of like, um, like hypnosis or something like this. You know, because you got a big group now, it takes longer. And you know, I've got a couple of friends of North Vietnamese all around us.