But that stress element, like it's almost even in GITZY have that if you compete in GITZY, if you don't know like when you're going to go on, you know, because it's like, oh, I'm so it's going right now. But on top of it, I would know, you know, I know who in my little, when you say in my circles, like I knew who didn't train and who did, just like we all do, you know. Yeah, just like, you know how like sometimes you're like, you don't know if like I has a weapon or something like that. And, you know, so getting the right person into the right role level at the right time, because if we think about cognitive ability for a lot of people is continuing to change. That feeling, it's that feeling, you know, but a little bit worse because if a guy's a web being kind of runaway, what a guy's going to, kind of, get your corpse you want o'er, all the way around and form a command, like you're sitting here and have to run away. And then, you know, triathlons are okay, but either, you know, Iron Man, the distances are considerably, you know, fathers, so I got into that. So it's like, you know, if you, if you live waste and you're going to do curls, you know, you get so echo approves of this. People just because people are from an organization like you know GE has that reputation for their leadership, but that doesn't mean that that person is necessarily a good leader and you have to be careful of that. And I was like, maybe, I don't know, nonetheless, I was like, because technically getting past someone's guard is just getting past your legs, just like what you said. So he, he started feeling like the, and I said, no, you don't need to go back on cocaine, you know, thinking of myself, you know, you can cocaine. I mean, strangers, I'd always be like, man, like, you know what I'm going to watch out. You know, when you're being there, I learned a lot about, you know, just to mechanize units and things like that. Whatever areas of weakness you have, if you can admit to them and bring people onto your team that can compliment that, and say, hey, you know, I'm not great talking to the troops dick, you know, can you get out there and deliver the work? And you need to study, you need to learn, you need to read, you need to practice, you need to rehearse, and you need to do that all the time, because you're never going to be good enough. And like you can, like I was, and I did a little demonstration where I'd be like, okay, this is like, all I got to do is get past your legs. They just want to know how it's going to go, you know? So the other question I want to ask is, when it relates to going, how do you keep that in check, at least, well, from your perspective for you, because now all of a sudden, you got guys that are walking around with a chess boat out, and you start get professional jealousy from the other company commanders and they're going to try and make you look bad and they're talking behind you. Like we kind of, you know, like we kind of put the smile on certain people's faces. I mean, they were going to the question for me was, in addition to the personal things that I wanted to do, like, you know, improve my skills. It was something about like, I think I don't know if these cats are people or what, but it was like they'd get a shock. But, you know, as military people, I think, you know, we have an obligation. So this idea right here that we all get, you know, you're going to get some qualities, but you're going to be missing some too. And, you know, it's going to get out of the way because that place was going to come alive. And again, see, this is why I think it's important to talk about this because if you can't relate to other people, if you're having a hard time talking to people up the chain of command, talking to people down the chain of command, talking to your peers, if you're saying, oh, they don't get it. So even though it might be a more complicated decision, the lower cognitive leader below me doesn't need to know that, they're going to get the simplified version that they can grasp and make sense to them and then move forward. You know, even with military units that have bad, that have battle streamers, that's, that's the pride that they've carried for 50 years, a hundred years since they did whatever, you know, thing in World War One or World War Two or Career Vietnam, that's something that that unit achieved and that gives them pride. One step because you're like, oh, like how many people know this. I know for a fact I see leaders get better become better leaders and be able to look at complex things and and start to understand that information doesn't need to be perfect. You know, in peace time, you need to know who they are. You know, you had to something earlier about, you know, echo which also probably got a knockout Twenty-two for us. So the more information you have about it, that's why people in the word, they're like asking all these questions like, I wasn't going to go. What else do we need to know about what you've got going on? Because what this does is, it makes someone say, well, you know, people think I'm arrogant, because I'm so smart, because I have high cognitive ability. And he comes over and you know, I'm sleuding and he says, you know, Captain Thompson, I, I want to see your fighting positions. You know when you actually shut your mouth and listen people will and you truly listen to what they're saying you can hear what their tone sounds like and pay attention to it. You know, at some point, if I have enough time between now and then to begin to put in something that may counter that, I know they're coming. So that, you know, I'm a big, I don't know what the right word is. It measures a bunch of different things that and just like some people are more articulate and some people are taller and some people are shorter. I mean, he's ramping and raven to the whole division about how great, you know, the Bravo Company looks and all the stuff and the pattern of a battalion commander going back and throwing my name out. And you know, and he talks and we talk about the things I've got the company to do and what I need them to do. And you know, the Canadian guy that I don't remember whose name right now, I think he has the record of a kill, like two point two miles. You know, you want to prepare them to the best of your ability for what they're going to face. Don't feel like you ever feel like I know one's really actually doing that. I really appreciate the opportunity to come, you know, talk about some of the things that went on in song and some of the leadership and other topics that we got on today. So, you know, whatever it is that I'm going to do out there that I expect you to do, I want to be doing it to the most of my ability. They give you a little time to recover and you know, eight months or so you're going to get orders to go back again. If you're going to get promoted, you know, you got to go to the advanced course. Make that wish come true for someone that you know for a kid that you know your kids. If you're going to lead them, you got to make sure you know what you're doing. And I know a lot of the vets who do take their own lives or, you know, they're not in the VA program. And a guy would say, hey, sir, you know, I'm, you know, Sergeant Jones or whatever. You know, this is, this is, when I was talking about me being, you know, having a positive attitude earlier, being an optimist. Like, yeah, you, well, even when you first, you see people do you think people in Nebraska care, if it's certified organic or you think it's only 40 mile radius around L.A. Because a lot of times they don't know what, they don't know they can handle more ambiguity. And this is once again, you get these smart young officers that at a certain point in the field teams, I mean, we're getting these incredibly qualified on paper individuals that were, you know, they should be this smartest people in the world, but you would see them have probably not all of them, of course, some of them were great. No, I'm legitimately asking for feedback because maybe you know something that I don't know or maybe you see something that I don't see. And you know, my big point to that, or my thoughts around that, is that people that really have problems or the people that don't realize that they have, limited that they have limited innate capabilities, which means everyone. That's an interesting statement, because I would think, and I've seen people get better at, you know, coming up with simple solutions and dealing with stress. You know, it's, and you know, we had to go break up a rock fight because they were so pumped and young. That's like you just said, that's actually good because now we know what the limitations are. But this is how you kind of know when you're sort of trying to figure out moves when you're like, embed or driving or this kind of stuff. What financial markets are going to do in the future when the construction industry will rebound, which airlines will survive and whether we need more FAA-22 Raptors, which is currently the world's most advanced fighter, the key is that high cognitive ability leaders rise above the level of inconsistency and make decisions. Also, I got to mention that I have a little, I have some events I'm going to be doing around the country starting in January around the time the book comes out a little bit earlier. You know, you got to get as good as the best because you want to be that person. And I want you to show me 10 digit coordinates to where we're standing right now, because you've got to know where you're starting from. When talking to a lower cognitive ability leader, she recognizes that person's simpler language structure, linear thought process, and shorter term focus, and will understand that the lower cognitive ability leader might not get what she's saying. And it's going to take everything we've got, but we are going to crush this thing. But then if you know, oh, it's your time then you're like less stress. And then figure out, you know, where I go from, you know, Sog. If you want to execute a different plan, you're going to have to train in something else up there because it's going to come so fast. And, you know, for me, I'm not going to ask you to do something I want to. There were some points that I definitely wanted to talk about and let people know about the book is called the stress effect by Henry L Thompson. And which is actually one of the cool things that you said about barswell and we never talked about it, but you said, you know, he was really tough. A few days later, I said, you know, we got a battle plan here that says we're supposed to fly into this LZ up here and support around this nuclear site. I would like to think that if a person has humility and they say, you know what? Which is not bad because many people, you know, a few people and you get a second there. You got to be smart, but you got to know what to do with those smarts. If you approach it correctly, in my opinion, because if you approach it wrong, you're kind of like, oh, I know a choke. I need to understand the emotions that you're probably going to experience and what are they going to do to you? So I think being aware of things just like being aware of low cognitive ability if you're aware of it even if you're aware of it. And, you know, so I get a better picture of what you look like by using multiple lenses to look at you with. So I backed way up and I started like walking around, like you do this like turn. A group of kids that they gave better opportunities for two, you know, like low income kids. I don't know if I agree with that because we're talking about this person with a high cognitive ability. When you're not listening when you're on transmit instead of receive you're not going to you're not going to perceive as much about their emotional state at that time. So you perceive information comes in your system you appraise it you know makes sense out of it which is like orient Meaning like if there's a review, that's like we kind of like that. Because when you, that shared suffering that you go through, whether it's boot camp or airborne school or special forces selection or a hard training mission, all those things what they do is bring it together and the ultimate form of that is, is combat, you know, which is why you can, you can go through a, be a member of a guy that was in Saga and you reach out to tilt. You know what I said, oh, we got assigned the hardest job. The bottom line is that leaders with, and what that tells me is, hey, you know, I need to get outside my zone, right? So there's a list of things that you can identify about yourself when there's a stressful situation going on, and you start making a rational decision, or you start making an emotional decision, or you're not listening to anybody else anymore. If you've got to put tune, you need to know everybody in the put town. There are all I don't know if I'm going to fill one in the play.