and I want something that's kind of like these and got a response back from this team in Montana that was basically trolling the internet for work because in 2009 the economy was not in a good place so you have to put yourself into those kinds of perspectives you know you like to say good about a lot of stuff you know bad stuff happens good And you know, this is one of the reasons that, you know, I've got my kind of personal mentor who have never met before, but Colonel David Hacworth, who came out at the end of the Vietnam war and said, you know, if we don't change the way we're fighting, we're going to lose. So I was thinking, I didn't really know, but I thought I would do something in business or consulting or I had these, you know, these, it's a really tough state to be in when you're in your early 20s and you're going to college or you're trying to figure out your life and you don't know where it's going to go. And so there were some startup costs to this though, you know, traveling around and, you know, the events were 12 and then 14 hours and, you know, they were really, really challenging and every single time it was like a little fight club that happened. and then when did that develop into or how long was business school so business school was from 2009 to 2011 and so even business school is I applied to a couple schools and it's like I don't even know if I want to go to business school I mean that it's like it's so weird to think about now I've got these chapters in my life I'm applying for more stuff trying to do something I mean the idea of filling out an application to go to grad school was just a hugely daunting task this should take you know two or three hours it was months in decisiveness in inability to function and you know we talk about military transitions are hard like whoever you are if you lose all of your support structures everyone's got a break in point. And, and, and so then by the time it really started to, to pick up by the time we got to the hospital with our, or with our, or rackies, and, you know, we got our Humbies and they got their pickup trucks and there's, you know, It's, how many Humbies would you guys have in a 12-man team? So even when I hear a plane hit the, you know, one of the twin towers, I'm like, oh, Sessna, you know, pilot doesn't know what he's doing. and so you know didn't know anything about manufacturing didn't know anything about anything but eventually was like You know, people are always looking for kind of this sound, a good sound by a good clickbait, title, for an article, but someone asked me something along the lines of, like, what was the moment that all this leadership stuff came, like, we came clear to you. Like this every time I see like a person in the tropics, looking at fish, they're in, they're a little fin, yeah, and they're just like, you know, no idea. And then, you know, she's in West Africa and I'm in Iraq and then I'm in Colorado and it's, you know, you're, we're, a mediums were the thing back then, you know, these sort of, because it wasn't as simple as everyone's got data connections just pull up FaceTime or Skype or whatever the case may be. And I mean, when the Marine Corps pushed into nausea, you know, three, it was, you know, like a legitimate war battle going on. I guess I'll try to figure out how to design a backpack or a rucksack and thankfully I actually unbeknownst to me almost knew a lot about this topic that I just sort of gravitated toward it because I knew a lot about it even though I didn't have some conversation that said I really know about rocking and rucksack I was not my own id boosting my own you know sense of self worth through something that I thought would be a great way to spend time it was just something to do You know, like, you know, I was like an E4 in the teams. And if people don't understand that, you know, I get asked sometimes you, well, I don't know what my next mission is, I don't know what to focus on. Like you have certain dates and you have to re-enlist prior or you do all these things and, you know, they were really trying to keep guys in because they had invested a lot in us and, you know, the mission wasn't stopping. And yet, you know, when I have these kind of, these times when I think and reflect, usually outside with a ruck on, like, am I doing what I can do to make my community, my family, my community, my country stronger, because I just, I feel like I owe, and that's the, the bug that I caught through, through service. You know, this is important because, and you know, they had just, they were dive, they were dive guys within SF, which is just, it's just another suck school that you go to down in Key West, and it's a real suck school, not gentlemen's course at all, and you're already a greenbrain, you go do that, and then you join a dive team, and it's just another sort of notch, right, that you have. Because for me, it's, it's got nothing to do at this point about, oh, well, you know, the specifics of, well, a career or however many years in army and it's got everything to do about the way of life that I want to lead, that I want others to lead with me, which is based upon the time that I spent in special forces. And it sort of made the rounds and the people that did it, they told the people that they thought, I know, because when you're done, you say, I know just the person that needs to do this, right? You're not on, you know, it's kind of like kind of like standing on the dang cables at airborne school. I mean, and then on the officer side is like, well, you know, you're going to, if you go in as an officer, you're going to obviously be put in charge earlier. Yeah, because like once again, I'm picturing these girls playing your mom and you know, they're worried if there's, there's some distraction over on the side is like a camera going off. And this is where this was the beginning of my life turning into that bad country song where a guy's got his dog and you know, his sort of bottle of whiskey and all of his sorrows and you know, I ended up only being in Africa for about two months. If you, if the rock sack was like stream lined, I don't know like how, but I mean, they get, there's varying levels of bulk. and it's hard to relate to myself now in some of those chapters it's like when I think about deploying to war and all the training that I went through and the people that I served with it feels like I'm reading my own book sometimes right my own kind of narrative in my head And you know, I mean, it was just a really, it was just a really hard time, you know, it's, and it's also hard when you're fighting and my, my family was hugely supportive. But he posted like he just got, I don't know, like an entire palette of dac savage to his house. And then, you know, she's got a second layer of, quote, security and it's a renocop basically and they've got a stick, you know, they're not doing anything with that stick, but it's, it's faux security. And he says, and you know, it's a hard job being a bocens mate because you're doing all this kind of work of, you know, bloating vehicles, unloading vehicles, loading boats, unloading boats, you're in charge of making sure that the equipment is maintained. And this is something else that people ask me, you know, oh, should I do this now or I got a good job offer, but I really want to be in the military or I want to go to college, but I went over there. And it, it, it sort of just felt like this guillotine that I was facing as I, you know, because it's not like you just show up one day So you know there were a couple, you know, hey, I had to learn how to make sure they locked arms when the serve was coming, right? Well, it was like, you know, so we talk a lot about PTSD and all that stuff this day and age and it's become this kind of thing where every veteran probably has it. and I know all the right people through through Emily, which you know, because I'm her dependent now. yeah, this is, did you leave on hey, this is probably not going to work or did you leave on like, okay, well, I'm going to go figure some stuff out in America, she's going to stay. And so that means just, I mean, we have seals, green berets, delta guys, we have, you know, PJs from the, the air, we have all, you know, we have forced reconnaissance Marines. You know, you start to activate the intelligence networks that, you know, other guys on our team had been developing throughout that time. And there's no doubt expectations that family and loved ones, they have for what your life should be, you know, the perfect life like Edward Norton in Fight Club, right? So you guys need to go to a place like Hawaii or, you know, the Bahamas, you guys keep going random African nations that are in turmoil. I think what you're doing well and what I'm glad that you already figured out is like you're focused on helping people out and you're exposing them to, I don't know if I want to call it a form of exercise because it's really a lot more than that. So drive back, you know, second year she's going through, she's working out of the, the Langley and then, you know, out of, out of the farm. And he had been on, you know, so just to put some of her work and perspective, you know, she's going as 110-pound girl out to go on termination meetings with assets. well look the economy was in a really bad spot good good if you're looking for work good if you're trying to do something awesome because there's a lot more opportunity whereas when nobody's looking for work and everything's really expensive and you can't find any deals because the economy is just purring forward it's harder you got to you got to speed things up faster so anyway found this great team out there and basically worked on the rocks and how to do them throughout my first year in business school Just the way that they face, I mean, Travis Mills, I don't know if you know Travis Mills is I mean, it kind of makes sense if you look at it practically because if you're going to be in a situation where the weather and the temperature is this thing, you're not going to be like, yeah, But it's like, you know, like that you could, you could isolate that as a work. And so, you know, part of what going through elite style of training brings is the confidence to know when not to pull the trigger. You know, and, you know, she fell in love, got remarried and had Natalie, who is just the world's greatest big sister. and so it's like, you know, she's like, hey, I'm done. You know, like if you're not mortally aware of what's going on, there's probably something not quite right. You know, you can look at the entire Vietnam war and you know what the whiz kids were saying about Vietnam and about hey, all we need to do is kill more of them than they do of us and will eventually win. But it's just, you know, when you came back from war and say, world war too, you know, you're not a ship with everybody that you went to war with. And one of the things that I love about her story and the story of Travis Manion Foundation is that she goes Travis would hate the fact that we've called this organization the Travis Manion Foundation because you know, she's like, it's not about me, right? And oh, by the way, you know, my wife's on the top floor in this, you know, really cool job. It's not what you see in the movies where you land and there's the big parade and all of that stuff and you know, you're loved one sprinting for you and you know, you swoop her off of her feet and do all of these things. And if you have a little moment where you're like, man, I wish Jocker would just kind of like give me a little talk right now, get me in the game. Anyway, I was there and even while I'm on that deployment, you know, M flew up on African air, whatever, from Abjah to Nookshat and my captain gave me the time off to go, you know, hang out with Emily in the capital Nookshat for a couple days while she was in town. And so the guy sends this, you know, these recruiters, they know when they've got something. But I remember thinking it seemed like a lot of people just couldn't, especially people like you're saying that were my age, whatever, 18, 19, 20 years old for them, for them. Like you said, I mean, there's just a lot of naked dudes, you know, it opened the trains and it's just, that's what it is. You know, I learned this stuff, one mistake over a little mistake, over a big mistake, over a little mistake, over years and years and years and years and years and going, okay, and even now I'll make a mistake tomorrow. And we were down in South Starterdought and Bosra, which was just, you know, I mean, for people out there, I mean, Bosra was more aligned with Iran through the Shea connection than it was with the Sunnis that were coming out of Baghdad, right? And it's like, actually let them, these people know how to talk to their own people. And so it was just one of those things where M and I stayed in touch, we even, you know, took a trip to Morocco together and it was still weird and then eventually, you know, she came back to you. And so, you know, to go back to follow up on some of the earlier points about, you know, should we be in Iraq or Afghanistan or I think special forces in some capacity should be everywhere. Well, some people are, you know, some people love the idea of going straight to college at 18 and working really hard at college. Because like when he's talking, oh, yes, actually I do know what's going on. I mean, just like the most unbelievable face to adversity and you know, we've had plenty of other guys on here that have been incredible. You know, going out on a rough hump like I said, I've talked about it before. You know, and he's goes to college and sure enough, he's, you know, getting called a baby killer and Whereas, you know, in Romadi, the soldiers, the army soldiers were coming in from, you know, all over the country coming in from Baghdad, also vastly shea. So you know, went straight from graduating boot camp to then, you know, you're checking in over those barracks at Airborne School, and that's three weeks. But at that time, you know, I don't know. And then there's ruck PT, you know, you take your alice pack and put it above your head and now start lunging or, you know, your, it's just the ruck is just your thing. And then I was like, we're this just isn't where this is too miserable to endure and it wasn't sort of like we didn't hate each other by any stretch and oh, by the way, I'll get to the point somewhere down the line where we got divorced And, you know, there was this other compounding part of my life, which was, you know, I was married to Emily. I'm like, okay, if you don't know that, cool, go help other people go down to a damn soup kitchen and volunteer and you'll start to figure something out. And rolled in and it's just, there's just all this commotion at this African airport and, you know, writing back, getting in a car, you know, gave her a big hug and the, and the kiss in the airport. And he was in a perfect place because he loved doing, you know, he was part of something that was big and part of something that was bigger to himself, you know, being in the Navy, it was cool. And what it turned out to be, you know, and, and, oh, by the way, we need you to come and help us, right, because now they need us, right. And that was one of those moments where I'm like, you know, I'm not going to ask any more questions. And it was, we got an intel, or sorry, the, our local police force called us and said there had been, you know, and attack and they tried to assassinate the they, right, had tried to assassinate the, the police chief in town who were training his troops. You know, the people that want to push a little harder, a little tougher demand a little more and want to be around just have that sense of camaraderie. But then you, if you were to remove me from that and put me into a, you know, staring at spreadsheets and for a bank, it would be hard for me to, you know, really find the passion and doing that. I mean, you know, there's this idea of, you want this kind of fair fight in life. And they're like, I said, made communications 100% of the time, which I was very, very proud of because as you know, that was not easy to accomplish. If that's what you are passionate about is a lot easier than working really hard in a call center when you don't like it or working really hard as an analyst when it's like, it's not what you want to do. And so at some point, you know, in this process, everybody has to say, you know, I, I might die. They got to overcome the fact that this seems like a huge chunk of your life, but the value that you're going to get out of it is infinitely worth way more than for the rest of your life. Um, not really like what you think of when you think of a good candy, more like just sort of the normal, when you go to restaurant and you leave So we'll never fully know what we do know is that the first building, we started taking contact as we were moving. I was like, because I would just be a psycho about, and what that meant was, see, what that really meant was, I would come up with communication plans that had, you know, multiple backups, where, hey, look, this, this comm window didn't work. well I got I'll start doing something with this put an ad in craigslist new york city for a backpack designer and like all right well see what we get I got kind of some sketches So, you know, it's a mediums and there was, you know, a strange, probably a hundred numbers I had to dial to get the access to get to call her cell phone or her, whatever at her at the embassy. Like you talked about with, you know, when you had your, your guy has first showed up in Ramadi and he had this really complex plan to drive all over town and you said, hey, how about you go? You know, pride comes from like, oh, we did really hard things, and they sucked. But, you know, our headquarters element had sent all sorts of other atains and, you know, the Iraqi commandos were there. I mean, I probably, you know, in at that time, the price of the event was half the price of the Rucksack and you got to keep the Rucksack. And then at some point, she was, she sent me a handwritten letter, which is a really, you know, it's one of those things that if you want to get someone's attention in a very busy world, send them something that you've actually written by hand, it implies a degree of time and thoughtfulness and all these things. And so, you know, that was her like 100 hours a week by Wednesday, 24, 7, all the time. I know, you know, you don't have to tell you that. And I felt it in my gut that it felt really good to give back to people, to show them, not only what this bridge between the military and civilian worlds look like, but just as individuals, how to push a little further in life in this small microcosm of special forces training. Well, you know, maybe you know.