If I went to a range and shot in like a vacuum, you know like where it's like air condition and like you guys like all right. You know, if you can't have beauty with, unless you know what ugly looks like, true, you know, you can't have hot, if you don't know what cold feels like. So while my kit is normally like 20, 30 pounds, I then have a backpack with like 20 grenades because sometimes I'm like, I'm going to flash being this room and sometimes I'm like, I'm going to fry it because I don't want to do it outside. Like we know, like this isn't just some memorial, you know, we need to sacrifice that you're talking about, it's, there's a different level of, you know, we're talking about intimacy, the brothers, and when we say it's about the dude standing next to us, it's not just some dude. You know, like these calcers cut off, you know, like weekly, it's from hard work, you know? But it's when I got to the recruiter's office, when I thought I was like this awesome American again, taking my say at a self like, oh, I'm so cool that I'm going to go do this, you know, like how selfless of me. I always like to figure out, like when I read about war, I like to think about the psychology of what's happening with the guys, especially from a leadership in a follow or perspective of what guys were thinking because that to me was always the most fascinating thing about what was going down. I mean, if like the sheep war really tight pants, flannels, had beards and never carried an axe before, didn't know how to change the oil, didn't know how to break down a gun, didn't know how to clean an animal, let alone kill it. And then through the course of trying to figure out, you know, their Azvab score and your GT score, being a college athlete, you know, like what the right fit was, I wanted to fastest thing to get me behind a gun with people that wanted to kill bad people. You know, it's our humanity, you know, and that's, and my appreciation, my beautiful wife and my kids, you know, loving Austin, Texas, and barbecue and motorcycles, like that's normal to me. You know, you want to just like to lose him, you know, do you know what we had? Yeah, you know, I know what your fart smell like, woman, I know what his favorite panties were on you. You know, I'm like, when Army plays Navy, like, I don't know crap about football. But like if somebody's going to come and talk to us about our perspective on life, you know, and like, oh, you don't really understand. You know, and if it's another SF guy, then the level of competition, that competitive nature, like, oh, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to ambush them. I mean, just like the classic things that I've know you've heard before of like, I want to save this guy's life. Because you just want to, like a bunch of pit bulls that have been locked up in a cage and they just get prodded every once in a while and maybe they go and tear something apart and they get thrown, like some raw meat and they're like, oh, this is good. You even know things like, hey, I got to watch out for this guy's, you know, head position. You know, like when people are like, hey, I'm just not being able to put the get the output, the volume that I need to do for work. And so as you're describing this philosophy, it's something that we literally say on every it's a chapter in the book that is what I just said like, oh everything you're saying is like locking in exactly what's like, well, he's been saying, So I don't limit myself while I love reading non-fiction and learning, you know, like I am like the book I'm reading right now. You know, you get guys like you and I appreciate when someone like yourself takes a certain artistic perspective when it comes to combat. Like on my dad's an amazing human, my mom's an amazing human, my sister and my brother, you know, like even to this day, I aspire to be what they are. and I was like, obviously I would have had their own one of the same, and I was like, I just want to, you know, be Chuck Norris essentially. Um, but I had like six or seven of them cuffs together and there was like, there's like 18 or there's 12 of them yet left You know, not like one thousand, not like one hundred, which would have been a lot. My statement, and I put it right on top of that, I would say that not only do you want to stop being scared and do that thing that you don't know if you can do or not, but you know what you got to do is you got to start taking the steps now. So like this isn't just like you, you know, in this misogynistic sexist way, we're all in with this girl. I mean, we're here in California, you know, like the perceived utopian, you know, the Shangri-La of the United States. We said it like from, you know, from the 50s until just, I don't know, about two months ago. You know, the vendor they silva, like, Jewish, like, he's up on the ring screaming. You know, there's like points to departure from logic, you know, and they live in chaos. You know, but I'm like, go, just for flying out loud, beat Navy, you know, for once in this decade or the end of their century. Right, I think this, I don't know what it is, where people look at veterans and they're like they're damaged goods, PTSD or actual physical impairment or just the mentality of they've gone through training that I haven't. I think, and like if we're going to be like, oh, Yin and Yang I got like, grab by some people and I'm like, man, I'm getting some great feedback about your presentation yesterday. You know, you want to drop you to stostro and you want to talk about these guys that have any like huge problems with stuff, what one stuff he's in steroids. And we got in there like, you guys may need tea rats and they're like, yeah, I tell you that, like talk about talk about, because the people that might not know about the SB response thing, the sheep dog response. You know, yes, you know, you look at Rangers, you look at seals, you look at Greenberry, you look at Marsock, and everyone's got their own little specialty of what they're really good at. We, we had kind of already talked about it when we said, you know, in the contrast of things like your life, I think is a personification of how to do that. Have you, you know, if you spent time in France, like, bitch, I have, first of all, second is I'm not talking about France, even though Paris just got their ass kicked. You know, like the pillars of what being a martial artist is and every one of these guys spits in the face of what I think this sport is supposed to personify. And I don't think that you can teach people how to, so if we're just teaching everybody how to be like murder, killers, you know, soldiers that can just, we're not making robots. Like, so I'm like a pretty scientific, I think I'm a scientific guy. You don't think you think you know him better than I know him? But that's a case in point, you know, something happens like September 11th and you got two thousand men, military age males in rural California, standing in line to go and make the ultimate sacrifice. You know, if people that can like paint the monolisa and there's people that can go and murder villages, same species. When I say I'm from California, people are like, oh man, you like, you're Hollywood. I love going back and it's not it's not brain candy, you know, it's not I'm just sitting here chewing on, you know, some crap. And then you're going to take that thing and you're going to slam it into a thing that looks like a person. I got to cut out therapy or ice bath or get a massage or acupuncture, you know, like bitch go train hard. It's sad that we have to give, the things that you know, I think it would be a huge disservice for you not to share the ways them like you do to a society that is now vulnerable. For example, the regimented schedule of the military does good things for somebody that wants to aspire to be a fighter because most fighters are selfish little tricks that are super lazy and they don't understand what it takes dedication wise to little things like sitting your alarm, being on time to work out, writing a journal as to what you're eating. People that are in the community that like believed in the product like Gerber and I have two of them sponsored by weapons manufacturers. So when I have to go and deploy and see disgusting things and, you know, make mistakes, like throwing grenades into a room with women and then having to live with that the rest of my life. I think we have to, the first just like me at, you know, 21 years old. For both of you, I would like to know the most influential book and why the you got many influential books. I've been like, hey man, chocolate, hey man, you know, preach it.