When I like all read certain chapters, if I'm thinking of a very specific scenario going down for myself, you know, like if, you know, whatever the case means, this is not my scenario, but let's say you get into an argument with your coworker or something like this or your boss or your wife or whatever, even like with your kids or whatever. Like in a scenario with a coworker, you know, when you're in it, when you're not detaturated emotional, and you know, you say how to deal with that, where you're like, you know, take a deep breath, and you've got to recognize the signs and like all this stuff. Like, you know, like, demonstrating like how I'm like, you know, my, my initial response to that is to say yes. And then if you take that in a really mature way, which I lacked, but I was, I, this is, again, these are like, these like maneuvers that I barely made, you know, like when the Terminator responses popped up in my eyes when guys started, you know, getting a little bit more straight forward with me. I feel that way too, like, if someone's like, like, like, nope, you go, like straight up, nope, you go. So when you, when you were being all fired at, you know, Rambo, whatever, was there any like, superior, like a boss figure that was like, yeah, good job. That was kind of like, kind of like, yeah, and most of those guys were way older, like way older. So, you know, like, you get a new guy at work and he's working like extra hard doing the right thing. And yet they would always be like, Roger, you know, like that kind of like they disappointed me. And it's real obviously like, like, yeah, this person is trying to like show off how hard of a worker they are or show off this or that to get kind of recognition or attention or even respect or whatever. And then they want to go the extra mile, but in this real overt way in this real spectacular way, you know, like in your case, you're like running with these, you're the only one running with your boots on everyone else's been. Or like you said in our conversation the other day when they get told they have a big ego, they actually see it as a positive thing like you're damn right. He's like, this is, this is the northeast, like a tiny, he's like, hey, you need to, uh, just slow it down my friend over there. Was there a part of your brain that was like, that you recognize like, I'm, I'm for real, like actively showing off right now. This is also good because as they unload all their ideas, you now know not only everything you know, you also know everything they know. Like, oh, because I would legit, I had an AC joint situation, so when I'm like lifting heavy overhead, it's like, it just didn't go. So you're like, like, what do you call when you chop it up, like, pretty, you just said the word in the next. Because it's like the words are like, well, this is what you're going through right now. That's the feeling I always got from Flynn was like, you know, Roger, or from life like, Roger. I'm the man, I'm awesome or whatever and you're like, hey, you have a big ego right and to them they're like, And you're always like, you know, usually conclude through something like, I got it, bro. But until then you know the deal man, we got to follow the rules, and believe and also what information that you want to know, it's not significant enough that it's going to matter. If it's seven, like we talked about on the last podcast, if it's seven times in every three years, is there any one that's walking around like, well, you know what? Like people just think, oh, like, oh, This podcast was, you know, I was saying, listen, if you're doing it right, you're winning a battle, and the other person doesn't even know that there was a battle going on. Maybe they even met something else, you know, and just like, are you saying, like, really listen? And basically, it's a, it's a lack of awareness of, like, hey, I'm actually like in an elevated position in this team, whatever, I'll make that mistake. I was like, hey, Dave, you know, like I'm an asshole and I have to basically muzzle that. You know what, since we are talking about telling, delivering the truth, I'm going to actually jump into this little section right here, which is called tactfully delivering the truth. And he's, I mean, imagine, you know what life's like now, but imagine when life was whatever a thing's better, right? You know, you know, like a dog, right? It's, yeah, it kind of feels like that too, like in sports, kind of the same deal where you get a new person who has not proven themselves at all. So I'm saying, hey, when the boss is doing like reasonable stuff borderline reasonable, right, or the things that you were talking about, I think it was on the last podcast. I remember seeing these young junior officers in the SEAL teams that like either they went through ROTC or they, the naval academy or whatever they came from, whatever they got to commission, but somewhere along that they like took leadership classes. Like old school, you mix up a nestle's quick and you're like, all this taste good right now. Because you know how like you're going to the supermarket, right? I never saw that look of like screw you, you know what, shut up, you don't know what you're talking about, never. Whereas maybe you're, you know, if I was a little bit more in the zone with them, I might be like, who's this guy thinking he is, right? You know, my boss is never going to tell me, you're going to let me do whatever I want. Just like, are you like, not only do you know what you knew. Of course, I have a big ego, like I just I'm recognizing my awesomeness like that's kind of the only way to see it. It's like, yeah, this is like, oh, I'm talking to the new guys. Are you going to go like, are you going to look at him and go to no, no, no, no, no, I don't want to be that. Like, and there's been times where you've said that to me, like, hey, got it. If you as a leader, like I've got it all dialed in but I'm gonna play this game to kind of let my people talk and what you're doing is just letting it get out of their system. Like kind of, maybe not even like as a direct result of it, but that you're trying to kind of impress where I, I wasn't trying to impress everyone. And I think it's important to say that as I thought through answering your question, you know, again, I want to come off as like being all humble. And just about every time I told my guys what we're going to do, you know, they said, okay, right to that boss. Like, let's say Dave has big ego and wouldn't it be better just to have a straight forward kind of robust conversation with Dave and say listen Dave, I think your ego is a little out of control. But meanwhile, the people who have proven themselves, whether the guys who've been there, been, you know, overseas or been in combat or whatever, they're kind of like, but that's not landing with us at all. So you might not think saying, hey, echo, that video looked great, you know, or whatever, you might think, I'm not going to tell that, because I don't care. It is actually needed to know and compartmentalized, and I cannot, I cannot tell you, as soon as this thing becomes declassified, or as soon as you get the need to know, believe me. Because you know, I'll always sit around joking around with everyone and we'll be having a good time and I'll throw a singer at someone and I'll be like, yeah, that was an uncool. Or if it's like a lot of times, if it's like, uh, with a friend who you're just not quite as close with them, so there's kind of, you just, you're still trying to be polite. Big time where conflict, especially when there's more than one person in the conflict, like a debate or something like that. So a big part of exercising right is it gets monotonous for some people to be like, oh, what's the thing more fun? Like that kind of thing is, you know, well, I think I'm a CEO. Because the fact of the matter is, as a leader, you should be able to get what you need out of your subordinates through solid leadership, not ultimatums, explaining why a task is important to the strategic mission and how achieving that mission will ultimately benefit everyone on the team should be enough to get people to do what they need to do. Most of the time we're talking about somebody like, hey, I don't 100% agree with this, but we're going to work. Like he's not a guy that's like, hey, I'm not sure what he's thinking. So it's going to be a little bit more difficult to apply that kind of concept to like a, let's say a regular book. This kind of a weird mindset, I guess, but it's, so you know, okay, okay, sometimes you'll switch an exercise to and then I'm thinking dang, this is like more fun, more interesting because it's interesting. What does it say about you as a leader when your people like, no, we're not going to do it. Be the leader that elevates your people and elevates your team by utilizing the right leadership strategies and by utilizing the right tactics. There's actually sort of an ideal way that we should all aspire to be able to communicate with the closest people on our team that aren't doing the things we want them to do, which is when I can look at you or you can look at me and go, bro. At first, it sounded like they were joking, but the tone got stronger, and before long I realized they did not like what I was doing. I doubt Jockels, he's even seen like, you know what's going on anymore. And I don't know what else in my life gives me the feeling of getting done recording a warrior kid podcast where I felt like I've done something really good. Yeah, it's almost like they're like, okay, I'm awesome. So for each one of those things you're going through it when you're thinking about we are talking about automatimes or yelling or, oh, every one of those situations, what you can look at is think, what is it that I've done to be either the recipient of this situation or me acting out this way as a leader or my behavior? Like they do with that goto me leadership, like they do with extreme ownership. But man, the amount of times that I punished people, like that I gave legitimate punishment to people that have worked for me, is. But yeah, it took like 10 minutes for Lewis to, you know, tell me, hey, partner. So, like I just nudged your steering wheel, you didn't even know it, you looked over your right and you said, wait, Because right now I'm feeling like we might not be able to accomplish our mission or we're going to have to, there's the difference. I mean, especially with like the rays and like all the stuff, the belt, that's just superficial. You know what I mean, like those kind of things. That's like, yeah, you know, I want it. And I was searching for the words to explain to people like what I'm going to do at the live shows. And if you actually have, if you have a hard time with your team, walking back from a meeting where, okay, setting aside the one in a million catashops, just like stupid plan, nobody really likes it. I'm like, ooh, and then when you do it, you're like, oh man, I should have done this from the beginning. Like, yeah, and you're like, yes, it was. And so that check of your ego, that part where it stings, it's going to sting even more the more experience you get because the people around you are going to expect you to crush that guy because that's how most organizations are. And then while the problem's growing, they have to take precious time to sort out which person is actually going to lead and which one is going to stand down. Hey boss, I know you got a lot going on.