So in life, you know, because there's like format, you know, like dinner time for example, that's like another. So the, you know, you have a system and it works so good, especially when you're dealing with like people after people, you know, group, and group, it like all day and the system works so good. So me and my wife's like, this too, where she'll be like, can I, she want different sauces that you don't normally get with it, you know, like that kind, me too. And also, you know, when, and late, when I talk about this all the time, when we got told to do paperwork and late, and Seth didn't want to do paperwork, and they're like, do you jocco, can you put a stop and just something like, no, actually, we're going to do the paperwork. And you know, I only say that because when you came in, to tell end of, you know, you ready to, you know, you know, you're ready to, you know, you're bored and you're trapped and you're good. Yeah, like, you know, like, I don't know. And me and all I'm like, you see me and I've seen your face like, oh man, you're a weird training like you're lucky. And he's like, he's like, he's like, hey, Choco, you heard who got ambushed back here? Yeah, like if you come in and this goes for me, even if I'm like there just to record whatever and not to train for a like I'm here for a specific reason, not to train or whatever. So I think like anything, the more you get, you still it, the more you're like, oh, I like this or whatever. Do you think that that's like a move like a flex for service industry, one of the like, So they're like, oh man, we have a lot of them, you know, whatever, but me and my life is the same thing about people that I don't know. You're like the looking, you're like, you're kind of warming up for something like that. It's kind of like, oh, they know like, oh, sure that's the rule, but underserved emotional circumstances. Because that individual, that individuals like, hey, you know, go ahead, because you know, I always want to order right now. You know how like when your friends go hang out and go do something and you gotta stay home and like do a normal one for sure. And it's like when you write on it, there's that, what you call, like a barrier, like, at very least psychological barrier between the actual document. You sort of make your own interpretation of the thing, depending on like maybe, I don't know, maybe how you do it or something like that. And there's so many times where Patton, again, kind of like we'd see with Chestie Polar, like Chestie Polar, this big, you know, bombastic figure of courage and bravery and being super hardcore, hard-nosed. Kind of minimalist, but it's like, you know, if it's like, is this a high end restaurant or just super train? This last section is called, care of men, which once again, you know, you look at the, you look at the, uh, leadership strategy and tactics manual, and some of the most important things that I try to make, as clear as possible, is that you got to, you got to, you got to care about your men, you got to care about your people. He's like he comes up on the radio and he's like, hey boss can we just take the vehicles back and refuel you know later. You know, when they're like, hey, like actually yell in whatever. Well, I feel like if, you know, when you're talking about a map or even like a diagram, if I have it physically in front of me and then, and you, and then you're physically in front of me. Like, oh, they'll say allegedly, or, you know, like, even though the guy just did it on camera. You know, it's like, hey, we're like less effective in less important. And you know, I know the dad's a little bit, you know, I was, hey, what's going on? There's no key then it's like where, you know, like they advance guys. You can just you click on subscribe just as easy easily as subscribe, you know, in case like if you don't like it or whatever. Follow up with, and you know, then when I called him later or whatever, he's like, oh, yeah, first, you know, he's giving me all the details. It's like, oh, yeah, 60 minutes special with, I don't know, Michael Jordan or what, I don't know, whoever they have on there. And when someone is asking me a question, everyone was a 1000% listening to what my response is going to be, especially when it's like, hey, we might get some more sleep, or hey, we just got ambushed, does Choco know? You know, this is all these methods like to read, whether it be faster, improve comprehension, you know, this way. So like I say, like I tell people all the time, get sleep. He's like, bro, I'm not going near that guy, but he's like that knife makes him seem crazy. A, let's call it an, let's call it a, a sort of a, a, a, flying below the radar, tenant, you know, like, yeah, you got to take care of your people. Yeah, it's like you both got it covered, you know, you both got it come down. That's like, it's like going to use to put down my nods on my helmet. But to sit around and watch like remember, like old school back the day out, and I'll 60 minutes, I'm sure it's still on. And they're kind of trying to convince the kid, but the kid's kind of like, well, you know, We're going to go through him like crap through a goose, like shit through a tin horn. Like phone wire, like little phone wire. yeah, I trained a little bit and I was like, okay, cool, you know, that's awesome. And this, you want to talk about, like, this is a good way to think about life as a human big, right? I'm like, bro, like, you got trauma times. If you have a kid, if you know a kid, if you want to help a kid, if you want to help a kid, if you want to help a kid become a better human being and a literally have a better life. He, him and his friends, they like on a Friday night, they're like, uh, put, put YouTube on and just watch the podcast, watch Rogan's podcast, whatever. Like I really sat and briefed my guys on like killing people. and I had little little like little wood, little wood things, little wood placards You know, like sometimes people need a little push. So I had a couple like a little tiny house like a monopoly. But kind of like literally like three seconds per page. Also kind of like chess, you know, a good chess player is looking at the chess board in chunks. So when you said the sci-fi, I was like, okay, I think I know what you're talking about. We weren't being hostile making jokes like that kind of wasn't like, we were in church. And you know, it's like, and I see you kind of giving off a vibe, vibe, right? You know, boom, jocos, you know, you know, here taking some pictures or whatever. As a new guy, you gotta, I don't know, pay your dues for like a better turn. I mean, it happens like when someone retires, or when there's a funeral, like it does not happen where you could go, you could go, you could go years with that ever putting on a dress uniform. Like if you see, You don't pick, but let's say like a guy. So where you sort of like, you feel like for lack of energy at the mat. But it doesn't make sense because like, okay, so I have like a handfully YouTube channels. So Photoshop is like, really when you get used to it, it's like, oh, it's simple. Like, when I, if someone's like, boom, boom, they're on it and they bring everything, especially the annoying sides. I literally feel like I'm missing out like I'm missing. And then it's like, okay, then, you know, then clean up time or whatever. It wasn't that we were talking about something like for a like legitimately normal, but you were pacing out there. The lead, like legal, when they're speaking like legal terms, they're always super careful about that. and I say the kid, I'm like, oh, hey, you know, you trained before? You know, like whatever it's going to be, you call that out. Because everyone's kind of, because in my cartoons, in my task, no talking on the radio was so limited, like no, basically no one talked on the radio, you know? You know, and, and us, it feels like it, right? Yeah, they're just trying to, you know, they're saying like, But I was looking, you know, as I'm looking at my field of fire, you know, I can see all kinds of tracers going by. You're like, you know, you feel a little something. There's like things that you could put your life or, you know, wake up when your alarm clock goes off, get your workout. Because there's a possibility, it's like, hey, all stop, we're going to turn around and go and hunt down these people that I am bush to us, which is not a good idea, and we didn't do it. In fact, you know, sometimes not all the time, but sometimes the video version will come out, you know, a half day. But you know, everyone's thinking maybe I'm going to say that, or maybe I'm just saying whatever, but everyone's listening to what my response is going to be, a little moment of silence, dramatic effect, possibly, possibly. I think, you know, I might as well say something like, are we up? Like you came in there or some, you know, there are some people here. And the kid, so the kid, so, and he, I look over the balcony thing and I see the kid I goes at him and he's like, yeah, he's allowed in. So, you know, it's like a kind of that legal one. I mean, I wouldn't say moochyama taught me that, but when he said it, I was like, that's the underpinning of everything, you know?