Like you can, you know, it's going to be a line that's just sucked in because it's kind of part of your identity, whatever, but yeah, if you can just step back, look around, kind of detach from that, you're like, Brad, no one cares like every literally every other environment that you go in in life, nobody cares like I tap. It's like part of your routine, you know, because it kind of feeds into your identity a lot of times like in your gits is super strong like where you, you know, if you get tapped out by a guy who never taps you out of some breath. And actually there can be guys who are like, even actually better than you, but you roll with them in it's like, it's not this huge, like, it's not that like hard of a roll. Like, you know, I mean, even just going to see what you do at work or whatever, like I just take my kid to, you know, going training sites. Yeah, I'm like, I'm like, you know, when someone, you know, when you're pretty confident about something that somebody just throws a little randomness into the soup and it makes you question yourself. That's what I would go to rather than if you like the way how you always do it is like you pull the string or you just sort of, you know what's interesting too is when I'm doing that, I'm not doing that like, okay, And in that kind, I mean, let's face it that like you have mixed emotions about those kind of, because you see him and you're like, because you have it in your head, like you can't not roll with that person. And you're like, I'm just going to go like kind of little lighter, you know, right? This person did so much drugs and it wasn't like, like, okay, I don't know the specifics of the situation, but if you know, I'm doing everything I can to help my girlfriend and then one day I come home Yeah, I think if if you take and not not that I'm like the epitome of or the poster child for great parenting advice, nothing like this, but I think like the more you take your kids and see other stuff outside of school. Like, so like, got all these 18, well, no, 19, whatever, 20, 21 year old college kids are like, where you're going to get your MBA? If you're injured, and like you know the deal, like when you're injured, you can, you can get lucky for like three four rolls. But, you know, if you see, you know, let them see other places where you work or whatever, whether you're in the weekends or summertime or whatever, you know, see just the other things that it realized, okay, school isn't everything, you know. My very first instinct is like a little bit of like a pushback, like, oh, it's that guy. You know, so it always be like this excuse like, well you know that's to the answer. I'm like, I know this is going to be like a hard roll, but I can't not roll with him. And I go, you know, I'll say like, well, you know, if you want, just get, you know, hire someone to do those raw edits for you. Everybody, you know, or the guy who's tying his belt every 10 seconds, you know, like, you know, basically what you're doing. But then you feel like, oh, I'm just, you know, you don't even sell them as good as stuff like, bro, this is it. So you know, it's like people say, oh, so you know, you make decent money, yep, but we got, Like, you don't like the lie, like, hits you hard when you begin to lie to yourself. Then you'll be like, oh, yeah, training at 430, I'm like, well, you know, and I have all these reasons. Like, oh yeah, like, I'm good, right? And I was like, and I said, no, you know, I was like, no. And by the way, one of the good ways to to use someone's ego against themselves is when you say something along the lines of, you know, man, it's going to look good if this gets done right. But it's like, yeah, you expose, you pull the string to expose just, like the little, the little excuses. But he takes it, you know how like certain students, they take their grades like super-series. And then you'd have all these just like how you're saying and it made me remember this because you're tone how you're like kind of saying those little answers there. But you're not able to like get the extra workout, you're not, you know, you're skipping some days, you're not eating great, you're not making the calls that you need to make, you're not expanding your eyes and that's what's going on, right? And, you know, one, it's easy kind of like when we're just sitting here, you know, not in the situation. This actually, and in a way, it's true, but it doesn't like get anyone anywhere, where if you would be like, you're lazy, I would have thought and maybe even said that it's not that I'm lazy. It's a tricky thing because if some, if like, let's say your team has, you see that ego is a problem and you sit them down and go, listen guys, you're all, you're all got big ego's and that's the problem. That's how leadership strategy and tactics got a bunch of kids books, way the warrior kid, one, two and three, Mikey and the dragons for that little or kid, discipline equals freedom, field manual, which people just take pictures of that and just post, just a picture of the cover of the book, which I'm always like credit. I mean, what happens if, you know, if you're sick or, you know, someone's got to, you know, have communications with them. And then it's so it could in a way be like, okay, that's just my ego just thinking that the way that's not the way I do things kind of thing. But he's also it sounds like being passive, meaning he needs to up his assertiveness to say, hey, listen, hey, hey, boss, I just want to let you know. When you make eye contact with that guy who's little bit better than you, maybe bigger, maybe we'll give you a scenario where you got to put out more effort that maybe you want to do that day when you make eye contact and then you like look away. Like, you know, you're at a company where there's a lot of ego's going on. And I'd be like, man, and meanwhile you're getting back into this corner or the string is just getting pulled like, with every pull you start to sense or stop it. Like, like, gave it negative things, right? Actually what I'm doing is like, whoa, you know, you say, well, we can't, I can't make a video because it's going to take me too long to get through the raw edits. Like, I'm getting, I'm, I'm starting to like, I'm thinking I might attack you right now just to see what's up. Come on, we all check it out, like, oh, like, put it this way. Like I said, somebody was jumping on somebody was making some comments on social media, platform that he said, he's acting like me. Oh yeah, like I just was too lazy or I'm just like stuck in this routine or whatever. You're like, okay, for every excuse I would make, you just have the little solve, you know, the problem or the solution to it. I just got to admit it, you know, like, all right. Yeah, it's like that tone of when someone's like, hey, I did my part. You know it, I know it, we all know it that the framework of discipline is the truth. I got props the other day from someone from Iowa and it said, whenever you think of that state, I'm like, yes, from Iowa, some state school and whatever, some little community college in Nebraska and they go out and world and dominate. You know, the fact that you got it from here doesn't mean you're like awesome. So if you put shed light on, like, use that word and be like, hey, this will make you win. You're like, hey, you know, and you're, and you're doing the right thing. But I'm just saying like, everything isn't like, okay, go home, do homework. Like, like, that's the right. Milk at 9.48 at night when I'm like, you know what, I want to surf right now. Like let's say, okay, when if you lose someone, right, someone that you know dies and you get put into that rut. Yeah, like just like odds odds odds are made it through four rounds. So, Noah, Akbar, like these guys that it's like, okay, if they weren't here, it would be an easier day regardless. You want to know why people go, you don't see pretty much, you want to know why?