Hopefully it was where the, the insert, L.D. was where, you know, the operations officer or the operations shack said it was, sometimes it wasn't there, but, you know, that's why, you know, as a patrol there, first thing I did to, and I got on a helicopter was dump my gear, get up my little map and insert myself between the pile and the cop out, because if you didn't know where you were, when you started the patrol, you were gonna know where you were for the next six, seven days. Next day, like it's, you know, the school that has like the loudspeaker that like clicks on from when the office calls and I think, you know, one of the, one of the office staff is like, you know, Mr. Schneiderman, I think Mr. Eisenbach is here. I don't know what, it was maybe it's just that you're adrenaline popping, you know, that you're finally going to get in country, and you know, what's going to, you know, you're going to take incoming rounds while you're landing. And, uh, there's this young, uh, last corporal, where the clipboard, he's going to each of the second tenets that I had, you know, my buddies and asked him some question, and they're going, you know, so I said, I said, this poor kid, you know, I've been in this position before, so I'll find out what's going on. Pack it here, get out of here, don't, you know, sleep in the night with these guys, you know, and I don't know whatever happened to him, because I never came back from that patrol, you know, but I'm sure it was taken care of. So, you know, you kind of had to grow up learning just to like, you know, roll with that sort of stuff, which is, you know, a lot of what you see in the military is like, we do things this way just because it's the way we do it. And, you know, you practice that, you know, you did hill-computer operations, you did, you know, walking insertions, you did land navigation, daytime, and night, which I'm sure, you know, is a different, a horse of a different color. But, you know, not everything is like that in the military, you know, you get, you know, input, which, I don't, like, eight years old I have a lot of input and things. So, you know, you guys are, I mean, you guys are just like West Arnch, no different, you know, again, my great education, same age, you know, same skills. And it's time to, is it time to deploy to, you know, a time to get on a bus and head up to, uh, air force space and sandburner, you know, don't know the name of it, but yeah, flow over to Ocanawa, spend a week there so they kind of drove the dribble to in. You know, when we fired the 45 or 12 occasion, down at TBS, I think our instructor actually told us, you know, in combat, if this is all you've got, you know, you're probably just better off throwing the pistol at him and shooting at him because you have a better chance of hitting him. All you thought you might get a little, you know, a flee flicker, a flicker, a wound or something like that and get a purple heart, but you never figured, you know, you might come back, but I'll limbs or otherwise, you know, markedly impaired. You know how like, you know, the kind of where you're super strong, but like your elbows or jamming you up so hard, like, probably you're not strong. And so, I went through my little spiel, you know, my reputation, I'm a toned commander, you know, administrative, or stuff, you know, how I operate. I think it was a, a first senior, a senior said, uh, my, what is it that the Marine Corps, second Lieutenant has that, a Navy incident, doesn't have, you know, they got three hot meals a day, and I said, I said, I said, I said, what, what if the Marine Corps, second Lieutenant, got that, a Navy incident, doesn't have. In fact, in fact, you know, I got shot in the head and I have classmates who said, who's still saying that this day, we think that made you smarter, because I did go on to graduate school and get a master's in a PhD, you know, after I was retired out of the Marine Corps. Now, and patrols rarely went, you know, according to the pre-planning, which, you know, the operations shattered, you know, we didn't do that. And of course, you know, we were, we'd, we'd be running around with Navy cheers and any cadre fellow, you know, staff sergeants that could pop up and, you know, halt us and drop us for push-ups and everything. So yeah, it is, it is clearly different, you know, it's, you know, the growing up with like somebody that is like the essence of the brain core. You know, you took a serious heat cattle, that's an emergency metaback, which is again, you know, announcing the whole world that there's Marines out here and one of them, you know, down with the heat catchment. Most of the time, like, you know, there were things that, you know, you just have to do because that's way, I want them done or that's what I said. Because, you know, they're standing on the cream with their crap because you're, you know, you're representing the, you know, it's a Marine Corps in front of the public on a regular basis. Uh, some other, obviously other factors before they assign you someplace like if you're, if you think you want to get to, to eight to nine, uh, and be part of that in Washington, D.C. you know, you've got to be like six feet or higher in taller than whatever. Like him, we would schedule trips around the anapolis area to go visit friends and we'd wind up, you know, at the academy or you know, we'd be like the logical one. Uh, you know, the, you know, the, you look at me like any selection program is going to be tough. Uh, and so, you know, I kind of known for a while, like, you know, I want to be a pilot. I think it was sixth grade and I had a friend who would get in trouble in class regularly and you know what, you know, I'm the youngest kid, so a lot of teachers knew who I was and my sisters were probably better at school at that time than I was. I got a lot of vocational like I said vocational counseling I got interest tests that I take you know because the question now is okay what am I going to do for the rest of my life. But sure enough, it turned out there was a a quorum, a till me later, a couple days later, that there was a baby that had been burned, you know, due to US force action, who was, you know, this was like a ward that was a intensive care ward. Lieutenant you've got to understand that you know we've done this a few times before and we kind of know the the history of these kinds of injuries and your board did recommend the permanent retired disabled this not the temporary. You were, you're considered good to go, you know, after graduation on TBS, you know, now they have a 10 week officer or infantry officer training course, which I think would have been outstanding, but we had what we had. A lot of them, maybe, you know, the O Corps or something like that, but that was just at, you know, an eight minute struggle. Yeah, he was kind of like this, this hero, like a lot of our friends though because he was, he was really good with our friends and he was just like kind of like a wild man. What the base of school does is teach you everything you need to know as a company level officer, you know, from your time, it's a second lead to end up to a captain. And so I went to my advisor I said look this tree flights of stairs is killed me three times a day you know we got to get that elevator work as well can't do it like no way hasn't worked since I've been here the prof set. And I said, you know, so the, my group that's, you know, six seals that are over in Eastern Ramadi, I said, they've been, they've been in enemy contact, 23 straight operations. And I don't know what the percentage was, but it was, it was a vast, it was very rare that my guys would come back and head and shot their guns, you know, very rare. But, you know, since we were scheduled a flip flop and, and, and, but Ty and really wanted us to do that because it hadn't worked, you know, when we had gone in, we weren't, we should have gone in where we were going out. But you know, I'm sure I've been coming back to yourself that, as you know, it's not going to happen to you. Um, I had, uh, my patrol was like cutting half, I let my platoon was cutting half, I let half of it, you know, anywhere from 8 to 10 guys, depending on who was, not on R&R, who wasn't sick, a red sort of thing. And I wasn't, you know, that key not, but you know, I got to keep that happy. I know guys that I know that went to Naval Academy, they made them boxed for a semester. Just with Marines at this point, you know, going over, flew on Saturn, Airlines, I believe, you know, a non-scheduled, non-sched Airlines to Ocanawa. I know it wasn't how I normally would speak it was just it would just come out and totally inappropriate situations and it not monks the guys but you know monks visitors. You know, you just had to ration yourself, you know, and each individual will see that eight can teams you bring an eight can team to warm up, and that's going to last you eight days. You know, going out in the field that much, you guys must have really been, I mean, you guys must have been really good and really efficient out in the field after doing a field out after field out, after field out, after field out, after field out for six, seven, eight days every time. And, I know, I met a Marine officer a year later when I was, you know, on service election night, I was able to select the Marine Corps. You know, the Marine Corps helicopter would be, you know, some operation would start while you were on patrol, they'd be tasked for metabacks and you couldn't get out the day you were supposed to. I know you did some cornering for some of the guys, you know, when they were boxing. But all of a sudden, I just, you know, all this automatic fire opened up and, fortunately, was over our heads, you know, because that's pretty typical happening in the jungle, a shoot high. but again you know I was you know by now I'm old men at 24 right and I'm being retired excuse me So they'd always want to fly out an aerial observory, you know, on one of these little spit-kit planes, you know, polar into back. You know I'll make decisions about what I'm going to do for the future which I you know I did You know you know this woman was going to be there. I took my heat catch on these on Freedom Hill Road, you know, running, two and a half miles down, two and a half miles back, including myself, you know, stopping to barfer and never had a heat catchment. And it was like you were looking at, you know, if you were looking at the fire, then it was like, well, it was a really good fire. Well, but somehow they spend, you know, people look backwards and it, always comes up when you start talking about North and or Webb, you know, it was the boxing match. I don't understand with the VA you know it doesn't happen yesterday doesn't happen five minutes from now it happens it happened down the road but as long as you you know check every box and go from. And they can't really, you know, I'm getting one of those things set up quickly, you know, I had a jungle, but occasionally we did. You know, the past the PRT and, you know, you had to do well in land navigation, daytime, nighttime, daytime, daytime, daytime, daytime, daytime, daytime. You know that, he said, you know that. He says, I don't know what, it's what everyone called, you know, karma, luck, God, whatever you want to call. Well, you know I was falling when I started that you know walking to penalty at the hospital. And, you know, five, six minutes, but we were, we were spent on, you know, at the end of a boxing match. In case you had to call them in the middle of the night, you know, you didn't have to figure out what the, what's our sixth, you know, numbers here. But I, you know, I later on found out that he obviously was affected, you know, by my being moved. We, you know, the, the sacrifice that you made, the efforts that you made, um, you know, it's what allows us to be here today as a free people doing what we're doing. Did you have that stereotypical moment that people talk about, which is the guys that are going home, the guys that are rotating home after their year, and you see that the contrast between the new guys showing up with their brand new gear and the old guys that are heading home, and they look like they've been through Helen Bata. And that was about seven years going to school half time and we're going to have time you know I'd get a fellowship at the VA So there is that when you buy an orange and ghee, I will say you feel a little bit, and what's better though, is when you buy an orange and ghee, what you kind of feel, you look, when you buy some random thing off of Amazon.com, you don't know where that thing came from, right? You know, in recon, you have one to, you know, find them, fix them in FoxDot. But we found that thing on the second day, old fire base on this top of this mountain, you know, like three years of sea rats on the side of the mountain because we had NVA walking trail below us, they'd stop and have lunch there. And I don't know if other guys got there got an answer to that question You know, they always make this sacrifice to support, you know, their spouse. and you know half time research fellowship or clinical fellowship and stuff like that and go to school half time.