And that's like the kind, like you just get one person to see, like hey, or even realize, You know, the kind where you go, you know, she goes for selection. And when, you know, when you're going down the list of all the new things that they had or whatever, when you think about it comparatively, you know, to what we have or whatever, still like, Pro those are like slave conditions really still. And it's, I mean, you know, according to her, like you just do one single, You know, sign of resistance, you're like, oh, well, they're just killing you. And you know, I just read that as his focus and it seems like everyone's focus was like, okay, we're going to move forward. Ben, when he came in, he said he'd been listening to the podcast a little bit to kind of get a feel for it and talk to you a little bit about what it's going to be like. And it seems like that's what you should do because how many thousands of people said, oh, I'm going to sneak out of the sign and they got seen and they got, Do they got killed? So yeah, the idea of sticking together and having that, and, you know, obviously, like that's what That's what the seal ptune is, you know, that's what any, any team is, right? But, you know, sometimes if people want it, because there was a time where someone's trying to kind of impersonate a little bit. But since you were kind of engrossed in the story when you started revealing it, I was like, Oh, that feels like a relief, even to me, you know, hearing it. You know, you know, I'm going to take a little aside here. As I read that, it seemed a little bit counterintuitive to me because I always think, well, if I just have to take care of myself, it seems like you'd be able to make more things happen as opposed to you're looking out for other people. You know, the reason that I thought, and I had heard that before, like I told you before we started out, I study war a lot and I read a lot about war. Because like, and it makes sense because it's like not even, we need people to work in obey. When the day, when the next day arrives, Mom and Strux us to wear three layers of our best clothes, because we don't know where we are going or how long we will be gone. He seems saying, I'm like, you know, like a thing. You know when you are being told hey pack a bag, hey get on the train, like those things don't sound good It sounds like you read it like you're telling a story which is exactly what it sounds like. The last time I said their in-production, it sounded cool, but it was a little bit of like, like, I was assuming. Yeah, I'm going to make sure this time kind of thing, you know, Yeah. Even if you consider that opportunity, it's just like going to go home and drink some water, some clean water, going to go home and clean yourself. But man, that's, that's how that's like that demonstrates, you know, like, how thankful we should be. What was it like with, you know, a little Christian girl, a little girl that you knew that you played with. And you know, you know, you're a victim of the fear from the people that made it. But two things that really stand out, small, seemingly small, but kind of big, where, like, so they stuck together, you know. I am told this is how they know how much space is available for the new people they bring in by train every day. But what I failed to realize and what I think is that because you're sticking together, you're looking out for each other, you're keeping maybe you give a little bit of extra bread, you share some bread so you're able to take care of each other and people that went by themselves had less of a chance to survive. But the next towns on either side of us, they had like 20 to 25,000 people on each, like Czechslovak, I mean, hung excuse me. So that was kind of like, and you know how you said it was kind of counter counter, counterintuitive. I'm going to fall in love with more and again you tell some really fascinating stories about what goes on inside and people need to get the book to see those to read about those. Even there's the time when I know you're probably feeling this too, where, where she, or might have been Max, I forget which story it was, but they went from the, oh, yeah, once you went to work. When they arrived, they explained that some people cannot endure the severity of the camp and know that if they hold onto the electrified fence, their life ends in 20 seconds. You know, every time I open the book and I go through it a little bit, I just can't believe that this happened to us. Well I hope we can share and educate people on what you went through, on what your family went through, on what happened to millions of people. I don't think I don't know how many people we had there, but I don't think we had more than between 1500 And I got to say, like I said, this whole thing got started when my wife went and saw you speak. And just remember, if you have a problem, if something is going, not going so well, remember tomorrow is going to be better. There's like a lot of luck, you know, But man, her bravery basically was the function or was the result of just milking that luck. You know, in a situation like this, you have to do certain things to survive. And this is just the exact, you know, what they're doing it to an absolute extreme, you know, stripping you naked and shaving your entire body and just removing anything that you had from the past. Even though my husband's family sent us F-A-Dabes to come to America, but still the Jewish organizations need to know who's coming, what's coming and everything else. And to me, you know, sometimes you hear the anti-Semitism is this long-standing thing that everybody knew about for a really long time. And your sisters didn't even want to know where it was going to be. Hey, you know, when we get them, we can see for ourselves, you know? And just looking at this book, you didn't know her at the time, but you made a little inscription to my wife. Going on here, it says all of us notice a huge fire spewing heavy smoke that looks like a burning mountain across the open area from us. Like I said, I just learned that word, so you know, I'm practicing. I didn't know this till the end, too, like the letter to T W who survived. I mean, if you're going to look for the past all the time, it's not going to get you anywhere. When they leave another train starts to move and Max and his brothers don't know what to do but they figure their mom and dad said stay here and stay wait for us will be back. And as I always have to tell people on the podcast, I'm not going to read the whole book. You know, when I get in this line, I am going to be dead in three minutes or whatever the minute is. I am upset because no one has ever treated me like this at school before and I don't know how to respond. You know, so people might not be able to tell. The teacher found out that his parents are Holocaust survivors at Louis Junior High, and I like going to the end-franx story. So if anybody wanted to go from Serenya to Monkach or Ungvar, you know, it was like, but 20 miles, but if anybody wanted to go from Monkach to where they had to go through Serenya, that was the only road. And you know, one of the things that I I called out in here is that he says we attend school. I think alone is so hard, but when you have your sisters, you know, at least you have more hope to survive. And it's like I said, it reads like a story. And you know, this is something I talk about a lot because it happens in war all the time. Like, hey, things are going to be hard. Did you know that the work camp was better living or are you just knowing that anything is better than Auschwitz? So Max gets to England and again, you just got to read the book to go through that transition of what it's like to go from a concentration camp to England. If you're going to come to all the survivors that's remained from all the people that have killed and that came to this United States, okay? When I walk down the street, many people I see are Jewish, Mama says there are about 2,000 people in certain, how do you say the name of that? The only people that stayed behind us was like me because I was skin on board and it wouldn't select me to go to work. It's interesting that even you as a young girl when you saw the Hungarian soldiers, you know, you were a little concerned. When you, your son Steve's 13 years old, and tell us about what happened there, that kind of changed the direction of your life a little bit. I know when the men find the arrive home on a Friday night, Tata and Fiscal look exhausted as they descend from the truck. You know, like a stereo system. The only time we saw them is when they came to select people to go to factories to work. The half-dead zombie-like people in the bodies clinging to the electric fence are overpowering. You do a great job of going through like kind of how all this stuff unfolds. I know that my life may not be easier at the work factory, but at least we are alive. He says, when I got all these other guys relying on me and making, you know, a, a responsible for them. Well, I know it said the guards didn't come to walk us to the factory. While Mama, Aunt Lee and my three little sisters and baby brother go forward, joining another line of people. Now, that sounds good, except for I got to this part that says, I do not like homework. Yeah, I think that I talk people when I talk about loss, right? By the way, I did a bad thing, which was talk about the Delta 68 jeans before they were really, you know, ready to be released. When you talked about, again, just Max's career, and he's one of the things that he said about his career, he said, I want my children to see that anything is possible with determination, hard work, and an eagerness to learn. Along the way we pass our synagogue where people ask, where are you going? I also notice that people who go to our synagogue no longer talk with people that are not Jewish. This is fast forwarding a bit and again people have to get the book to read it to get all the details which are incredible to read, harrowing to read. You know, those are people. The best thing is sometimes to forget some, you know, not to think always about the past. They would get very angry with me sometime because I would do things that was not the right thing to do in a place like this. I'm just going to say, I don't know 100%. We never know who's going to be there tomorrow. I mean, we're sitting here talking about, you know, you and your direct family. Sometimes he goes out to play cards with his friends, and he says, my parents tell us they have come a long way in life. I am still very short for my 14 years and with no heels or hair to help me seem taller, I'm sure I look like a younger child. So, I mean at this point, they are putting to another camp, you know, Max, as here, everyone is near death completely exhausted.