It's kind of like, you know, you got to consider the opportunity cost where some people, you got it, you know, you got to consider their credibility and then you got to kind of just go with it. So what that can end up with is this weird stiffness, you know, so you're going to end like it's like you've got to it's almost like you've got a warm up in life. And some people say, you know, well, I want to do, you know, I think they're, I think they're going to come out with this giant dream. And when you, I do know a little about a little bit about this where, um, so if you gain some a bunch of muscle, fast like a short period of period of time, you can have a way harder time dealing with, you know, the drawbacks of that muscle. The central committee of the Workers' Party of Korea, the central military commission of the party, the National Defense Commission, the Central People's Committee, and the administration council of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, report to the entire people of the country with deepest grief that the great leader, Comrade Kim Il-sung, General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea and President of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea passed away from a sudden attack of Il-nus at 2am. And if you're doing it, like I said, the right things for the right reasons, people are going to see you and they're going to follow. If you cultivate this, you know, muscular body build, whatever, um, over time, like let's say you started lifting at 15 years old and you're, you know, 35 years old now. I mean, that's not a crazy place to drive really, you know, come here to like, I don't know, I would buy whatever, yeah, or so to LA, man, hit the 405 North on a Thursday afternoon. I want to know, I want to see how people are going to handle other personalities. and you're learning some new technique, you know, I find if I cannot roll, when I'm in class, I'll like pay a little bit more attention to what the instruction is being given because I know I can't roll. You know, you know, now you meet some people sometimes and they tell me their dream, and I go, man, you ain't got a chance of that. but then I kind of got to like do twists, you know, and then I'm strong, you know, then I'm ready to do it. I mean, I do to an extent, but I want to know how it interoperates with the world, with the people and with the situations that you're going to face. That's the point that I think I'm trying to make is don't be comfortable because what you think is awesome right now, there could be so much more, you know, if you can envision and pay attention to what's going on in the rest of the world and break out of that paradigm that you're in and see that you can fly, you can fly around the world, you can do it. I've talked to five people in the last six months that I thought we're going to tell me about their dream and that I was going to be like in shock. Or other people who only lived in bad places, just like people who grew up in a real negative household, when they go out into the world, just their beginning view of the world is negative. And I'll tell you, I've, I've thought about this and I've been waiting for people to start saying like, oh, you put another picture of the sweat and of a squat rack really, but I don't know if they understand. And you know, another thing I've been saying lately, when I'm out working with people is I used to not really understand why people are drawn to this complexity Like, hey, wait, that's, you know, that's a cool way of doing it or you know, whatever the group is. What did the leaders know about the people who started black markets and started growing these gardens and selling what they could to get people started to try and survive through exercising their personal freedoms. I like if you want to jack big steel, you want to do GG-Jitsu, you want to jump off things, you want to throw stuff around, get some creloys, so you stay healthy. And you sit in on a class or just do the instruction part of it, you know, and do the movements, because you're not going full speed, you know, rolling, do the movements that you can and you can pick up a lot, man. So he's trying to stop people from solving the problems themselves which they have the capability to do and they don't talk about it too deeply here but they go into the massive black market that was started and there was people that were surviving or people that were doing that that were figuring out a way to make money. And so now when I meet people in different environments and different jobs and each little, each little environment that I poke my head into, because we work in different industries all over different, you know, manufacturing and gas oil, and financial. The state supplies the people with food at a cheap price so that the people do not know how much rice costs. It's like they're all they avoid punishment, so they do the minimum, you know, rather than the opposite, when they strive for the maximum, that means they're focused on what can be, you know, rather than avoiding what can be. let's go to Las Vegas, a lot of white people go to Las Vegas and I was like, let's go to Las Vegas or whatever, I was like, when do you what do you do? And you can you can get after it doing that, but you kind of got a warm up, you know, it's kind of like, kind of do you have any groceries you have? And that being said, the most important part of knowing people is knowing that you really can't know people, not 100%. So many different nuances that what you want to do is you want to know your people. Now that's how the famine wrapped up, but to go a little bit in depth of what it was like once the famine was raging, people became homeless, which was strange because in North Korea they never had a problem with homelessness because if you wanted food, you needed to live in your home because the government would allegedly bring you food. And it's so bizarre because because I've traveled a lot and I've walked with a lot of different kind of people, you know, from all different walks of life. And you know, like I said, respect for Greg Jackson and I'm sure that he had a he's got a good hand along why he's saying that. People have been a few people mentioned that like the link doesn't work or whatever So I know all I'm going to get out of this is what I'm going to learn right here from Jeffy Glover or Dean List. Yeah, because I think it's coming getting so automatic for the person like, like, if you're at, if you ask me, how long have you been training? They think that the world is this small, this small place, the people that they know. So he was like, he didn't go too deep into it, but he was like, no, man, if you started 10 years ago, you've been training for 10 years. Can't even drive, you know, so that's like an example, that's how narrow his whole view was world, his whole world and that extended to his driving skill. So I want to know not just what type of personality they have, because that's a, like I said, that's half of the equation.