Again, it's, it's one of those things where, you know, you wrote this book as, you know, as you're saying like a cultural philosophy, you know, like, life and I wrote Extreme Ownership as, oh, as leadership principles, but I mean it didn't take, but two seconds for everyone to say, And, you know, I think, I think one of these things that happens with, you know, these ideas behind socialism in America and again, it's, it's like crazy that we would be sitting here talking about this, anybody that, anybody that reads anything about history knows that this is just not good, but, you know, it comes across always as, Hey, well, what we want to do is help everyone out. And, okay, if that's like the core belief and this is where I think sometimes we could do better or, you know, someone like myself could do a better job explaining to people, look, if you care about other human beings, so much, if you want to help as many people as possible in this country, the best possible thing you could do is allow the market to flourish, allow people to build businesses. You know, I'll tell you, you know, those pictures, was it the kind like, oh, after they got into like the medical, you know what? Oh yeah, those milk bars, you're going to, it's funny because, you know, how kids are the kind of the litmus test, you know, like, if you give the kid like, let's say back in the day, right? That was just all just extra money just hidden in the in the in the treasury that we could just give out, but we don't want to that everybody that we have all these luxury apartments that we could just give out, you know, because housing is a right or whatever or that or that there's just enough doctors and hospitals to take care of everyone and they're just kind of waiting around like not, you know, I mean like come on. I was like, my line was something along the lines of like, you know, in this life, like try or not to offend people, but also try really hard not to be offended. So that's how, you know, it's like, you know, all these groups of people, like, very small groups of people, but they're super loud because they can be now. And if there's ever a reason you need to get up in the morning, not at 430, but like later, you know, get a normal human time, then the boys who wish they could get up, you know, that's a good reason, because they would like to be able to get up and they can't. Yeah, I know, a thick skin and, you know, the ability to verbally spar with people 24 hours a day from the moment you report into work, the moment you show up until, and any mistake that you make, you better, you know, you, you throw a shot on a, you know, while you're shooting, you throw a shot and hit something that you shouldn't hate or whatever. But, uh, you know, so it's like, you know, always that it's kind of going back to be still like, is there a chance that there's more to this story? And then see it, you know, it, it, it's always interesting to be a part of things like that that you don't really know, like, I mean, you don't really understand what you're doing at the time. It's funny how like when you're in a position like you are and I am in, you know, people like they hit you up on social media. Like being like on an air, like, if imagine you're like going through a cumulus cloud as you're taking off. Like work when no one's watching, you know, it's like just really simple stuff, but it's like, it's who you better be. You know, I was like, like my response was like, kind of funny. And we sometimes see that as a virtue like like the big, I know like the, the dude from the big LeBouceking, that guy doesn't care about anything. So I was like in a I was like in a like a like a root off the red nose reindeer Christmas world. Now what we should do, but what we should be, and that's a really interesting thing, and I, and I, and I note that, you, you look at a, like, a corporate ethos, and if you go to people like corporations websites and you read them, they're, they're usually something like, we want to be the number one manufacturer on the West Coast. Like they're like they you know because in like a lot of these countries. And then there was a bunch of other, you know, look, as you know, as we know, like we're in the news a lot. These people who kind of live by this notion of, you know, social, progressivism and freedom, but fundamentally, they believe in a kind of Republican form of government that is out of your life and, you know, fiscally responsible, you know, they live by this mantra, well, I'm socially liberal but fiscally conservative. I'm always amazed by how little pockets put into some of these you know feel good policy policy proposals like as if there's no second third order consequences to these things and like you just you have to think through that. It's called no plan B, which is, you know, got a little counterintuitive sound to it because as a seal, and as a human being, you're always like, oh, you know, you got to have a plan B in case something goes wrong. And that shows you, you know, the kind of people that you're talking about, you know, someone that's taking their own personal worst nightmare that any, you know, any parent could ever have of losing their kid and immediately saying, well, what can I do for you guys? And like, you better go after each other, but it better be funny, you know, it's got to actually, and like, we rely on that dark humor and a really fundamental way. You know, you're just trying to get the job done, you're trying to do a good job, but you don't always know what the impact is going to be later when you, when you do something like that, but you have some honor to be out there and make that happen or help make that happen again. And then I, and I get again into kind of a religious discussion here about like our morality and like how we actually know right from wrong. So there's a difference between that and then like, someone being like, a weight guys and bust up the phone and start taking pictures, like, which is what you think a team guy would do. And so I'm not even loading by it's moving boxes from here in the warehouse to where they're going to get loaded on trucks to get to shipped out you know you know who wants that job a kid that's a. 16 years old that you know that needs gas money and he's going to work that job two hours a night You want to hear a little story that I tell myself, whenever I get some kind of like little injury, even if it's like a more significant injury, maybe something that's going to make take me out of off my training schedule for a month, right? So when we start talking about what the problem with is with our troops, what a good leader does is says, okay, there's these, I need to treat this guy with, I need to make some maneuvers here to get this person on board with the program because it's not like some young army guys, like I don't want to do a good job. You know, and it's, again, the good news is, is like people listening like, well, I haven't seen it. We always hear that, you know, the guys when I got to the teams, it was like the guys from the 70s were like, oh, the guys from the 80s are weak. It's not like some person at a tech company, some person that just graduated from college and went to a tech company's like, you know what, I don't want to do well here. It sounds like everyone else was just like, hey man, you know, isn't it going to work? And I think it was like I think it was like right after my first surgery or maybe right before I don't remember. Like, South Korea is testing 20,000 people a day, and we've only done like, you know, 10,000 tests or something. But they're like, hey, if my boss would just get on board with this concept, you know, like, yeah, that would be problems with my team would just take ownership. You know, and so, that my wife is like, I am so sick of hearing you can play in about the where she's like, she hates this chapter because she's so used to the seal team culture. You know, like, just maybe, like, there's a reason your granddad is telling you it's this way. So that you can focus on the big stuff because, you know, seals like to complain about wet socks, like a lot. It's not like they're just more tech, you know, some people will say, well, you know, the new generation's more tech savvy. You know, if you want to be better at running up a mountain, run up a mountain like, you know, so the actor preparedness. And like you and I both know, I'm like, hey, man, that's something that probably has been said to him a hundred times in a platoon space somewhere. You know what's interesting, as, as, you know, before we start recording, you know, we're just talking about kind of life in the games. And at first again the minimum wage it seems like the right thing to do like people should just get paid more I want them to get paid more they should. You know, like really simple lessons, because we look up to the Jedi as like a hero archetype. You know, and I, and I point out, like, changing directions in life could seem like quitting. Like, like, especially, you know, on the way. It's almost like this challenging like you better do this or I'll never, never like you again. She's not sure what my face looks like because they don't know what my face looks like. You know, like let's, let's be gracious with how we understand each other, just like just a tad. You know, I was like, I was like, yeah, You know, like, whoa, what does it look like to be over the edge on that? Like, they were just like, I don't know what's wrong with this guy. And, you know, it started because I'm like, you know, I get these five-minute conversations during hearings when I have a really interesting witness come and talk about something. Um, you know, it's, it's, it's, I mean, I, it's like, you know, 21,000 vision. She wasn't like, you know, I didn't, she could have done like the extreme. But you know, it's like, you know, you're that, that cool kid in high school. And they're like, well, I don't know, they're like, we really shouldn't. Like no, like why, you know? you're like, you know, like, you're up. And what happened was, from my perspective, was people people started hitting me up on social media like, Are you gonna, you know, denounce Saturday live? You know, why should the fist-banging activist, you know, you know, speaking of the power, whatever the hell that means, why should that be the person we listen to, just because they're mad? And that's a similar thing to what you're saying here, which is like if you do these things, which seem like sometimes they be a pain, getting up every day and being on time, taking care of your health. Cataracts are pretty normal thing for older folks to get, you know, just basically means the lens has kind of, I don't know, the right term is, but it kind of clouds over. I, that I think, maybe, maybe a side of us that isn't as prevalent in all the books and all the movies, but like, I like to think we're pretty, pretty funny. And yet, people kind of know where I stand, and they kind of, you know, just, it's all good. It's like, you know, I don't know. We've got, yeah, and that's a, you know, I don't know, to, to get too much to politics, but it is, it is, it is one reason that we, that we have lurched into this conversation about socialism because fundamentally socialism is, is an ideology that pits people against each other. I've watched these women just serve as the most ultimate example mothers as well, you know, that I know you know. and they're louder whatever, but you make a good point where it's like, yeah, if you go out and look for all these issues, it's like, it's hard to find them. And I'll take that new guy and be like, okay, you want to run stuff, you want to know why you're doing what you're doing? And I think at some point there's going to have to be like a, like a, Republican with a Mohawk and face tattoos. Whatever it is, whether it's a long, long insert, you know, patrol in, whether it's the heat, whether it's the cold, whatever that thing is, like, you will be, uh, I would say, one out of every eight, just standard kind of operations that you're going, one out of every eight. But at some point, you go, actually, it just blows my mind that people say, you know, you go up to anyone and say, you know, do you want the government to be in charge of anything? I'm looking at, I still remember some little things like there were some things where I was, you know, a little bit more. And especially in my business and like a politics, like you realize quickly, you've got to define what you mean in very clear terms, because everybody's first reaction is to totally take it out of context or or just assume the worst of what you meant. And I'm a right, you know, kind of that sense of absolute morality, where our laws come from, where this notion comes from of what it is to do the right thing, how do you define the right thing? And it's interesting because when you put that across society, you would think that in today's day and age with the, with social media, with the ability to absorb so many other people's perspectives, you'd think that that would open up your mind to realize that there's, you know, a lot of other people that have been through much worse than anything. And I'd say I like to look not like to, but I look at it as to solve our problems, which is making things easier for sure. Especially because that issue will not affect you, you know, because people will say this and they've got like three kids. And it's, you don't have to think about like your kids know, right? Like I came into the seal teams thinking, okay, I have to, I feel like I have to earn my way here. But then also looking at people with negative examples and saying, Okay, I know not to act like that. Um, and what the point is is like, we need to get back to the middle ground where it's like, I'm kind of sorry, but I'm not really sorry. On the Fourth of July, like it leads, you know, I open up in this chapter talking about the New York Times going after the Apollo 1158th anniversary. Like, like, don't you feel bad when you're that guy who kind of leaves the shopping cart in a parking spot? Like, hey, like it's cool to hang out and be friends with people who you disagree with. Like you know if you just didn't do the right thing to, to, to live up to your angle. And, and I think this is also the chapter where I really go into some deeper discussions about, uh, uh, uh, one of my favorite quotes from St. John Paul or Pope John Paul II, which is, you know, America freedom is, is, is, is, it's not the right to do what you want, but, but, but, but the, what the freedom to do what you ought, right? The best way that you can take care of the most amount of people is to allow freedom, allow individual freedom, allow people to pursue goals, allow people to pursue business, allow people to grow things and hire people. There's like this, just like this belief that they subscribe to, which is it only politicians want so mean and corrupt. And so when you talked to me about a millennial, the characteristics of a millennial, hey, they think they deserve stuff, they want to know why they're doing what they're doing, they want to have ownership of stuff, they think they deserve to be in charge of stuff. Like that's become like a monochrome, a good thing. Actually, I think it was, I think it was, if you remember her story, there was some really good plastic surgeon, like a, Right. And, you know, of course, my kind of gut was like kind of funny. And, and it, where it's just, you know, when you and I are going off on a bunch of tangents and, which is awesome, but, you know, the book that has so many great details in it. And like, and I, and I hope that what I write there, helps people understand that there is a balance, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's operating in that gray area. Like, we have a very strict system from the FDA on what kind of test can be used for stuff like this. Most team guys like it's just, it's hard to, to feel like you screwed up. It's like, it's like, you're just kind of letting that steam out so that you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're holding tank of emotions doesn't explode in somebody's face. Like you have to know what it is and you have to understand right and wrong. Because, you know, the way we went at this podcast, too, is like, I don't have time to prepare for it. Like, I, you know, in, in some of the, to an extent, this is self deception, right? As I know there, it's a small beginnings where you're blaming somebody else, like maybe it's your platoon commander, who just didn't see the value in you, the way they should have. Like, there's winners and losers here, just because like tomatoes are now five cents cheaper for everybody, doesn't mean that we're all better off. Like again like this is just a very terrible country kind of scene. But yeah, you sent me the book and, you know, cracked it open, started reading it and immediately was just, you know, getting in touch with you to see if we could get you out here. You know, I mean, like, what kind of regulation wasn't? Like one can be kind of funny and just like, But, um, but like every generation, you know, you've got to, when you have to teach those the ideals. You know where you can comfortably walk through things like they pack too much stuff in. You know, so it's like, that's the clickbait right there. You know, like that's, again, going back to the problems with socialism. Like, they were just like, yeah, sure.