and you got to know there comes a time when you're going through training like that where you got to know you know what who am I going to align myself with. And like, as I read some of the stuff that you don't, I kind of piece together, not just what's like out there, but you know, I kind of piece together what I know about, you know, so I have a little bit more in that. If you knew of little bit of fight, you know, back then because, you know, back then, I think fight training was, you know, take Juan do or just stuff like that. And his coach, who's a great guy, came up to me, you know, and he, you know, just standing there, you know, I was bummed out, but I'm not like super emotional about the thing, but his coach comes up and says, I said, I was like, hey, man, you want to come out and, you know, like, you know, I'll show you what's up what's going on. So people kind of fought well, you know, if you're the karate man, I don't, you know, that guy, I mean, you know, and there was a little interplatoon scrap between the karate kid. but well it's like that thing where you know you get the kids in school that got held back a year you know And I know like when you, I mean, I know you went to some kind of camera school and you went to some identification in field developing. You needed to know how to write an operations order and you needed to know what you know five point cutinity plan was and pace report and O'Cook and all those acronyms. So, you know, a little more tentative when it comes to like mixing up, grappling, freaking, you know, that kind of thing. So, I'm not just talking action shooting like I'm shooting like Ipsick, but I also did national match, you know, like bulls, I stuff. I mean like I said you don't go on patrols you know you go through the land war fair phase which is six weeks and you go on a you know you go along homsts you do these little missions And one thing I noticed is like, well, on my first appointment, which was O3, we, you know, we were good at doing, you know, building take downs and we, we, do room clearance. When they started having to do it cropped like the PT thing I was like all right this sucks the sucks been then you know you have a couple classes and then right to the pool and everybody scream and add you and you're trying to get your gear in as fast as possible. I mean, you know, like, if you were to look at me, armed arm comparison, one small or the other, and there's a big skull on, you know. I jive hung out with those guys you know these guys were like first range of battalion you know 80 second Arab It's Jack well the thing is like that morning I got a call from Greyhound because I shipped all my stuff Greyhound because back then you know it was like 15 dollars anywhere in the country. So they were like, yeah, we're going to, you know, we're going to, we're going to, yeah. You know, snatch and do, I tell people, like people who don't know. But then the amount of weapons, too, you know, so not just cruiser stuff, but like an tank and, you know, it's a holy crap because there's always something new emerging. Included saying like hey you got to have a mission you got to be you know driving towards if you got to be meaning is found in responsibility Jordan Peterson Tracks to its leather jackets mallets you know you know all that freaking looking like Eastern euro trash. Damn, you guys had, you know, a lot of, I still had an omg guys in when I got to the teams, but, you know, it had been 20 years. I went to combat dive school and once again you know everybody scream and actually your PT until you're freaking you know I got an embellicle hernia. Man it's like your whole life is pretty good because like when you're trying to stay safe you're trying to get your gear ready you're trying to be squared away like that's what you're trying to be a good teammate you're trying to volunteer for stuff. And you think it's like, do you not ready for you to know you because you know it? It's in, it's, it's, it's, it's, but, but I've done, uh, like, a, like a, a knife, you know, a, a knife by one company, a done three different guns, different gun companies working on another one right now. You know, like, you know, I ripped off my motor. But, the cool thing was, too, when no matter how vanilla the freaking hit was, guys were treating it as if it were, you know, HVT, you know, high value target. So I made that happen by you know being work ethic you know volunteer for the shit duties out in the field that kind of thing. Now they teach you prior to you know you get you learn all the field craft stuff and everything you know how to make fire, how to kill stuff all this stuff. And I said, hey, man, you know, can you come out with me tonight and, and, you know, just man, the radio. So, you know, when we did winter training, it was hard for winter training, when we did desert training, hard court desert, we did mountain, you know, all that stuff. But, you know, these cooks and law guys, you know, seeing them freaking rip rounds and shoot AT-4s and stuff. You know, the training said, you know, put your hands on your reserve and wait to get pulled in and all this stuff and, um, and I'm not remembering it because I can't do this. Well, for, I mean, for people who don't know, you know, when you start out a jump career, that's how you start with a, with static line. Um, but, you know, I'm changing their lives, but the other thing, I tell them is, bro, thank you because, you know, you're getting me here. In fact, everyone's well, I appreciate a little, not even necessarily flowery, but you know, like a Irish, like a refreshing, you see them saying, unless the killer soap has a scent to it's mild, but in a proved scent to it, well, it's tea tree oil. We're talking, you know, I don't know how many, but as big as this, right, that we're sitting, a giant, he brings back another one on a crane and Peter's skin. You know, and you have the time limit to eat in all, you know, and then call the constant freaking yelling and screaming in your face. You got, you got like, you know, it skills. It wasn't like I had allegiance because you know, somebody's dad was in the Marine Corps forever or Or war of the Army colors or anything like that. So I volunteer for everyone of those things but you know I learned a lot on those two because I'm with some infantry badass dude some grunt and you know he's teaching me along with me Mount the gunnell paired out of the water and then terror you know with the crossovers so the crossover thing to me blew my mind talk about you know. I mean, once again, off the theater, you know, when I look back, if I were to go right now through it, I'm like, yeah, whatever. And then, you know, react to freaking IEDs, you know, all this stuff. You know, you have this time to, to prepare for his, you know, for him to come back home. There's second language in English even you know what I'm talking about I mean you know. Like you could get the, you know how like mega male mass. I mean like sustenance like like I'm going to get full today. You know, I know the world's buckback there and how is the bad guys. I had already, you, you start to think, you know, when you, when you lose buddies that are close to you, you start to, you know, reflect. But seeing all the level at which dudes operated, seeing that, because I was almost from like an outside perspective, you know, looking around, going holy fuck man. You know, and if you're not used to it, you know, just some punky kid who is badass on the wrestling team And, and, and, and, you know, if you've got a good, if you've got a good, but it's the hard part is for me is to tell them there's a lot of luck involved. You know, you, you, you just, the silhouette, you know, who that guy is for sure. I'm not going to, you know, like, yeah, I saw that, you know, that I looked cool too, you know. They give you the nut, and we know if something goes down, we know at least one person we can count on over there, but it's a bowl of feedies. He had to be good at the language he had to be good at like driving and there were certain different motor skills you know all these tests anyway I met the quote I met the data that he was looking for. And so he was just, you know, he was a, a CB, which CBs are known for, you know, acquiring things. And that's what got me thinking about, you know, when I was open up talking about like soldier skills. And what I was going to say was you're like, hey, look, you know, people can shoot. You know, when you reach, you know, pain level 10, the body would compensate. You know there's that point where you you could accept you know being mediocre where I could see it I kind of think, and I was lifting weights and, you know, running back and forth to work and stuff like that. We're all trying to you know we we're all shrunk up because we're frozen and we got a bix in our hands and we're like five dudes piss You know, in the hospital's fill with these dudes, man, with rangers and guys from 82nd, who have like real combat jump injuries. You know I'm just some military nougke because we had you know. Now you're not, you know, you're on dirt roads because you don't know it. You know, you have to, you have to be very introspective, unlike, you know, because I played other sports. So, you know, as a teenager, you know, you're growing. And for, wasn't for guys like you that kept those skills up during all that time that we wouldn't have been ready for, you know, what we faced on the battlefield. So I was a little nervous because I didn't want to slow him down and we we mind the gut on when and boom you know got the surface got his bearings. Yeah, so you know how like you or we whatever will discuss that really most things. But that was a cool job because it was some real cloaken dagger shit you know there's some books written about it now that are pretty cool did you go over there like undercover. You know, especially, like, let's say plausible deniability or no trace, that kind of thing. And I think it's there kind of is a, uh, like a litmus test, you know, maybe to shank out patrol. so I mean I made it by the skin of my teeth I would say you know that training I did not graduate is that on a graduate or anything like that Who is it that I'm going to align myself with and and I can't look like a shit head I got to make sure that I'm never late light out uniform because otherwise these square to waste soldiers they're not going to want me to hang out with them. The first two weeks, you're going to be like, Haiti, you're going to wish you never listen to this podcast because it's such a shock to your system to have every freedom that you have as a human being, every sense of individuality and every sense of privacy, which is like three, some of the three primary things that we value. You don't really want to be here because SF what now they have you know like a selection and assessment process back then it was called pre-phase. Stuff to help compartmentalize those, you know, fears of heights and things like that. south wind your training area you know that's like a jungle and if big foot exists that's where he lives. I was doing a lot of hiking, you know, like camping and stuff. You know, that's for a, uh, it's kind of like a modular monopod. When you, uh, like I've seen some of your stuff where you've got like, blaze ops. Those were the, you know, they talk about like the good old days. Uh, and they were so badass and their soldier skills were, you know, so far surpassed then what I had seen in like the 90s or certain. His static line because as you, as you're going down, you know, the aircraft toward the door, you got the static line your hand and the last step before you exit is to hand it to the safety of the jump master. I know that when people listen to podcasts and they'll send me a message and be like, hey, I just joined. Um, so I must have just like chucked it at him and it got away from him and it went, like under my reserve and around my arm.