Is it, you know how like when you're close to someone, you kind of have this kind of picture of them, you know, like this, like this, like this, just idea of who they are, right? Because, you know, that's a common thing, especially in the beginning where you're like, you have a hard round or hard three rounds or whatever, and then I've hear like, oh, and you flop on the, on the mat or whatever, you know, and it's like, oh, you're acting tired right now. Like, like, you know many people have come up to me like, well, been on the path for like two years now. And you know, like senior listeners, senior officers to like children or juniors, and it was almost like a technique, like a leadership style. You know, like, because it's like that, almost like a, like, a social comfort zone. And I said something like, he said something like, you know, you got to expect things like this to happen. And I was like, day, like he took this whole thing where people are worried about their careers and the freaking, ah, that's that, the other thing he goes, you got to expect things like that. You know, I don't want to be, you know, getting yelled at by people or, you know, outrank me and whatever that idea was of what the military was like. You know, you know, you know, Jock, you got to expect things like this to happen. But then as long as it passes kind of that one standard layer that it needs to pass, you know, you know, the one where you're like, you know what? And you know, he was like an average guy, you know, 3.3 or 3.6, something like that. You know, like, you know, if you just, especially if they make a quick, like, drastic change. You know, like a like a fleet officer, you know, and he was a lieutenant. This is a resource that people need to live the life they want doesn't mean you have to be rich doesn't mean you have to drive fast cars and have a nice house it means you have to have this resource to help the people around you do the things that they need and if you don't think about that you're not going to have it when you need it. It gives you and I would say people are now kind of discovering like they'll tell you hey when you're over 60 you should try and learn an instrument or try and learn a new language because it makes your brain is like your body needs work. Here's the, I think like, well, in my specific case, and I'm sure other people like this too, where it's kind of a gift and a curse situation where that, yeah, I'm just saying, is that kind of like, you know, when you're playing a plane like your instruments? And like, holy cow, like, would you like to be able to control your heart rate? Like, don't, I mean, I guess you could oversimplify it and put, like, don't show weakness or whatever, but it was like, don't act tired, even if you are tired. Yeah if you don't put the goal in place you're going to always be looking to Saturday night or whatever that you know equivalent is in your life which is do I have enough money to pay the rent do you know when you're do I have enough money to feed the kids do I have enough money for the car payment whenever those things are. Yes, wish one of those people are like close to you, which, you know, I guess, you know, I see it, I understand. And he was like, you know, let me know what's going on with the client. Even your safety right you know like medical or whatever like if you break your leg or get some infection or something living in the van. Like it's like, oh, my whole image of you is like changing now, I'm uncomfortable. But like, well, what if it's like, because in my mind, it has like a non-regid approval process. You have to know your objectives you have to know what your objectives are to put meaning around the things you are doing set physical goals like running a 5k or deadlifting 8000 pounds. And if you don't think about it, you know if you're going to talk to if you're going to have a code and your 18 years old look you're not going to start thinking to many questions say that you're not. It's almost like, oh, the friend that I know, even though you're better technically, the friend that I've come to know and love your distance is different. Or like something you could do in the middle of like a barbecue or something like that. Dave this is kind of our life not political side but working with companies and going in and having people ask us questions and you know we're going to score 94% I've heard that question or very close similar question that If I'm a person that doesn't doesn't care about money and I'm like you know money's not important to me I'm going to be chasing that dollar for the rest of my life. That would be like, everyone be like, oh, that's kind of old school concept kind of thing. And most people that get on the path they're not jumping on the path so they can end up with a Ferrari like that's not the path that they're on this idea of financial management and recognizing that this is a practice resource that everybody needs to fulfill whatever is you want. Now, you know, mad at whatever, but then every once in a while, like you'll get one be like, hey, wait, what are you doing over here? Like, you're going to go to this pub, you're going to go to this wake, you're going to perform this religious service, you're going to do this. If you got an idea in your head, and there's something in it, and look, I know what it feels like, how the idea is in your head, you have to get that thing out. Like, you know, even sometimes you'll, you'll be like, um, you'll take extreme ownership, but it'll be real obvious that you're blaming me. That's to me sounds like you, you know, you took like a an aerobics class. You know, like, well, maybe I actually, you know what? You know you also see it with like like politicians. You know like you like You know what that's that's you know when you make that you have their answer they have a way of doing it they have a way of contemplating what's going on at real time because they're used to doing it. but then again, if it's like, if you have thumbs and you need recovery, that's the, thumbs are just indicated that you need recovery kind, you know, there's more to it than that for sure. Like I can feel it when I'm on point when I'm doing a bunch of work with a bunch of clients where I'm digging deep with you know writing something or going through. You know, how just kind of how you mentioned like some people, they do their little emotional tirade No, I'm right, you know, and I'm just, you know, I'm just, you know, I'm just looking around. And at some point I started to realize like that feeling that I have about what other people look like. Whatever the second layer is kind of like you kind of think of all the criteria and all the elements of the world that that need to fit in place for this to be a good idea. So if you don't feel like confronting that and you go, well, I don't feel like confronting that, but I'm going to go stretch and improve my mobility. If you want to take music lessons you want to put your kids through piano that that's going to cost a little bit of money and this idea of financial management is really the recognition that whether you want to admit it or not or whether you like it or not. And you know, he like, you know, Roger that sir. I tried to always be that guy that said, you know, got to expect things like this to happen. Because it'd be, you know, it's time, you know, some people come and home from the pubs, right? Much like our bodies we need to nourish and grow our much like how we need to nourish and grow. Yeah, that's the calendar to the common, you know, I was an advocate of this, by the way, or if it's like, hey, if it's not coming to you, then it's just not it's time. If you're not feeling like you don't feeling like confronting a three, four, five, which is a good way of putting it. So, before I even recorded that podcast, when I talked to you, David, and I was like, hey, was this you and you're like, I don't think so. You just deal with it in certain ways to kind of mask it, you know, like, just way better than what I'm used to. Maybe not a level of five good idea, but even like a level three, a doable level three, you know, once it gets to that level, and then you don't do it, then yes, I agree. This is so badass for him just to, you know, shrug his head a little bit and saying, go to the expect things like this to happen. If you're going to work with the attitude of like, I'm going to do a good job. And you know, I actually, I think I originally called you Dave to say, Did I talk to you about this in a body and ended up not being new here like nine ever talked to you about that? And there's a lot of those little crates like now you could, I could look at them and be like, okay, that was. You were talking about, you know, when you're making that connection or that light bulb going on, on a lot of when we wrote this was you're just trying to help people make the connection sooner in life and have some sort of template to get that light bulb to go on. And then it hits like a first, the first small road blocking, like, okay, that's not a good idea. Like that call with that text became a phone call that came along phone call like, those are good days, man. She's like, oh, that sounds like a real thing. Now that's pretty simple and straightforward, but how many people do you know that are going through life without an objective without a goal without a standard without a mission without an ideal without a path? If people don't like your nose, then they don't like your nose. Once again, it's funny that when we talk about the path, even though people like what's the path everyone kind of knows what it is. Yeah, you know, you just not ready for it quite yet, you know, kind of thing and my solution to quote writers block. I'm like, yeah, that was a, you know, I got better. I'm just going to set, you know, like a goal. and you know what, I guess what must scare people is they might think, well, you know, what if I do this? Like if you just kind of get up, you get downstairs at the gym, and you kind of knock out a workout, hey, look, that's good, right? Same thing is if like you stopped lifting for a while then you try to get underneath that weight again and you're like, It's kind of like that one where people people someone someone has to say I don't really want to fight And again, if there's someone that's sitting here listening going, well, you know, I don't like what I do. I could just correct it because I was like, this doesn't seem like this is being a good seal. To be the most basic qualification, like the lowest level of qualified because, you know, the the stump, I think says unqualified Marine. He's like a prolific, like super famous writer who just drink whiskey all the time or something. Okay, whiskey, you know, maybe if you're building cohesiveness within a team, sure, you know, it could apply, you seem saying, or let's say you're a writer, which I'm not by the way, so this hypothetical.