Well, in this case, the people are essentially what you call that when you kind of, when you you don't overthrow them, but you assume it's saying, you know, one like the one government officials like, and then the people are like, well, you know, I don't know if we accept that, when we like it, you know, so the people. So even the unimotional kind of feedback that might, that, um, so you know how in a typical situation, I don't know, typical, what I don't even know what that even means, but a situation where you're like, hey, candid feedback in the guy kind of takes it as the, as the, the golden past to just just basically hit him as hard as he can, like, yeah, this method was straight up dog shit, you know, like that's not unimotional. Do do sometimes people, you know, I have a relationship with someone or go, you know, someone I was putting someone through training, I could just tell like, I'm saying something, they're going to have their know, but if you're like, hey, I got it, you know, that's a great point. I maneuvered here, that's how I got behind you and killed you and said, how did you know this was going to happen here when I was, you know, five of those previous in the chess board and I'm like, well, look at across the horizon, you're leading edge flaps are kind of dug in a little bit lower than normal, which means you were at least between, I don't know, 220 and 240 knots. and that's one of the things you know on the thread podcast, you know, I talk about the fact that everything's connected and when things aren't when you don't make the connections between things, it'd be like if you started taking you to a people like, That's emotional feedback right there, seem saying, like it's on the other side, it's on the negative emotion rather than, oh, you know, you could have done better, you know, it's, I mean, maybe it's candid, but you're right, and so I'm going to take this one more, one more step for the next release of this. So one of the things that I used to tell guys, one of the failings of training for me when I was training, when I was running training, was we in paintball, we had laser guns to simulate, one thing that I could not simulate is fear of death because I couldn't do it with my trade at role players because they'd be like, hey, we're going to die, we're going to get some, and that's a little bit more realistic because you could say, hey, these are geologists and they don't care if they die cool. They used to be like you're going to pay to take a class almost like you were going to college for a semester and you're going to learn these things. I just look for the things that you're saying which actually is a massive time saver and allows you to be more effective and more efficient because you're not worried about those other things but like you said before the problem with that is you can't take that for granted that that's actually really really hard to get and a lot of those people are like, hey, I'm just trying to help you out, man. I think that's sort of like a like a wiggly like not excuse, but it's like they'll just throw that in as like part of the school. And this is one of those things where when you are, when you're in a leadership position, being able to do this quickly, being able to look at like a problem in a solution and two or three solutions and being able to figure out what's going to happen if I imply this one, this one, and see, hey, this one will solve it quick, but I got that I'm going to deal with this giant mess that I just created. And again, the more experience you have doing this, the quicker you'll be able to recognize the patterns of these things and you're sitting at think is, you know, from a leadership perspective, you know, you and I and rest of the guys in Estolome front working with companies, it's a classic example of, well, hey, we've got this problem here's how I'm going to solve it. I think for people where they see themselves and or they hear themselves and they're like, oh, and there for some reason moved by it in one way or another, you know, like they haven't been with themselves their whole life kind of thing. I generally don't like when people say, even you know you'll hear someone give a speech, you know, a commencement address and they'll say in the words of so on and so and you're like, right. If you got told that because I don't know some people say that all the time, but then it's like, well, the rest of the stuff going on doesn't support what you're saying right now, but whatever. Their challenge is going to either break through my position and I'm going to realize that they're right or it's going to make me patch a hole in my position that was a vulnerability that now we can utilize this idea and it's going to be stronger. If you're thorough with the nine that you know, you know why you have the solutions, like the solutions are the solutions for these nine that you do know for reasons, right. In the teams those two are probably opposite like, I don't know what's opposite, but there's no doubt that in the seal teams the leader of a platoon, like the leader and the platoon commander and the platoon chief or the task unit commander and the task unit senior in the list of the adviser, they are way more responsible than some instructor that you had anywhere along the way. I knew you were going to talk about that just because of how often you and I have talked about over one and you hit that over and over again of all the wars like that's the one you look at and I'm like, what was going on there? I'm like, oh, I'm actually going on the assumption when I say that that we have such a good relationship that I realize that what you're doing is actually trying to help me as opposed to coming in there and being a tyrant to tear my plan apart was because of exactly that when the when the environment is positive, you can come in and you can rip that thing to shreds as you need to to shreds and all of it is for me to get better. Going forward, MCDP 7 Learning will serve as a guide for a culture of continuous learning and professional competence that yields adaptive leaders who can quickly recognize changing conditions in the battle space, adapt, and make timely decisions against a thinking enemy. And just the point where he's like, hey, man, obviously you've been in a ton of these experiences and kind of, and you're like, actually Seth was like, no, it was my first time. If you could learn to do that, as a human being, your life is going to be a thousand times better than it would if you never get over that hump of a, I don't like this guy, so I'm not going to listen what he has to say. And you know, this, this kind of sentence right here, you know, if you're a young Marine out there, that's that's reading this for the first time, you're going for a second. I know, I don't know these guys, but I know who these guys are, I know who these guys are. Now you're going to find as we run through this and the way they define learning and the way they talk about learning. This is one of the first things that I notice is they break down this thing of when you're on the battlefield and this is so clear but when you're on the battlefield, the enemy is doing something and they're changing their tactics and we've talked about that for years what you're actually doing is you're learning what they're doing and you're learning how you need to respond to it. Learning states that the Marine Corps's learning philosophy seeks to create a culture of continuous learning and professional competence that yields adaptive leaders capable of successful, successfully conducting maneuver warfare in complex uncertain and chaotic environments. And the better you understand each one of those things and then the better you understand how they fit together, the better you understand them all, and the better you understand them all, the better you understand human nature and people. And then you realize you know what, next time I do it, I need to do it a little bit faster, but I need to, I need to, you know, keep the squad more, more, more distance between each other. So it's like, here's four or five things that are going on, but there's a bigger thing that's going on outside of that. And now I think it's important to remember that when we're talking about learning in that context right there, I'm talking about hey, what I learned from this class or this training, it's what am I learning on the battlefield? Now, the good news is that anybody listening to this podcast is already listening to the previous podcast, and if you're going to be an Emily Qualified Human, the way you're going to deal with this, when they're talking about viewing feedback objectively and unemotionally, the real scenario is, I'm in charge of this mission. But I think that saying that or feeling that like, hey, it teaches you to do this and do this on top of like the math that I'm that you're learning in the class. I'm going to take me a little while to get my head around that, because I know a lot of the training that I ran, the purpose of the training was to get seals to learn how to deal with unknown factors. What I don't like about what I just said is that I'm clearly thinking of it from like a well, I actually don't, not that I don't like what I just said. But you, you were like, okay, cool, you know, so what are you going to do about it kind of thing? And you go to the story, what happens in the guy after the thing is that the the Battalion Commander, the Hewzer is working, it's like man, there was a mid team leader, a mid team major, he was a major in the mid team, which by the way, just real quick, mid team that meant he had been, you know, in in Ramadi for five months getting in gun fights. and I think a lot of ways it's sort of this connection of that's something that's very easily digestible for the lowest level of a range of recognized where they fit in the big picture, but the bigger thing that's happening there is that that sort of comes full circle when the Marine Corps as an institution has this obligation facility that that goes back and affects the individual marine and that your individual role actually plays, we talk about this all the time, you can plan outside influence on the entire organization if you were doing something that's making you better, which is making your team better and then each role in leadership has an obligation to facilitate that If you weren't educating yourself, why you're doing it, I know they talk more about it, but there's this idea like if I'm going to go to the rifle range and get really good at shooting the rifle, I could train on the rifle over and over and over again. But the almost exact opportunity to choose when you were providing feedback, if you go in with the assumption that that person will be just like you and unemotional and prepared, you're also going to be ineffective that you have to make the exact opposite approach, which is you're going to be dealing with nothing but their ego. I'm like, well, if you actually know how to play chess, I'm not going to beat you, because I'm actually sort of still displaying checkers. But for the most part, it was like, we knew what the Japanese were going to do and they weren't going to change how they were doing things. Marines leverage the art and science of learning technologies and learning environments that reflect the changing operational environment to tailor learning and provide each other with constructive feedback. They would do the same thing like not only from a, not only from a tactical perspective like, oh, we're going to rush you. What I just said with extreme ownership, with extreme responsibility, you know, you're, I said, this is a major criticism of the school system and you essentially said in so many words, hey, don't blame the school system, you take responsibility for going to school. When Marines understand why they are learning concepts and skills, they better understand the importance of learning to the mission and are more motivated to learn. And even if you're not afraid, two of the guys, three of the guys that are with you are going to be afraid, are not going to want to step into that alleyway, they're not going to step away into the street or whatever. But over time, if you actually take people see you as a leader, taking other people's feedback when they appear to be not credible and not good people take feedback from and you're willing to listen to them, you actually can influence other people doing that. But even like, I was even looking at the little things like this training approximate combat situations. And I'm sure that that's a driver behind this as a generation of people going, I'm learning what the answers are and that is not learning. And I said, well, first of all, and I laid out the whole thing like when you're talking and we ended up covering a similar question on the podcast, which is like, hey, aggressive doesn't mean loudening your face. I'm going to give you some candid feedback, you're going to take it on board, we're going to move forward. I like it because I know I'm going to learn something. So this section right here, they actually aimed this section point blank at this, the senior people that think they know because those those young kids man, they're ready to learn. oh yeah, if you have done it a lot, the more you do it, these things, these little tiny unnoticeable things, start to just look like just giant red flasks, so easy to see. MCDP 7 Learning has been developed to codify the Marine Corps's learning philosophy and explain why learning is essential to the profession of arms.