Like, just over time and time, I'm telling you know, you start hanging around with wrong people, getting to drugs or something like this, you know, or it's kind of like, man, my whole life is like, if you don't lie and cheat and steal, you kind of don't live, you know, you kind of don't survive, kind of in this environment or something like that. Usually the idea guy is going to be kind of salty because he's like, hey, I told you that the whole idea, you know, not how to do it, but just the idea like that was my idea, you know, like on sign field, it was my idea for the colon that smells like the beach anyway. Yeah, like through maybe some big impactful event or maybe even just like a new influence in life and like a little revelation kind of thing like, but you can, yeah, From the beginnings of the materials because one thing to be like, hey, yeah, I, you know, switch the tag out here up in, you know, one beach and so it's made here technically, you know, the end-hey look, known the matter. They tend to be like big corrections if you have to make it, you know, because it's no, if it's no factor corrections or it's like, you know, whatever, like, fine, it's a 80% solution and it's cool, whatever. And the most important thing about that little section right here, look, we know that's the same thing Pat and says, any good plan, bowl the execution is better than indecision or a good bowl is Pat and say a good plan executed now is better than a great plan executed next week. But the two-way street kind of goes where if I'm not saying celebrities are like this, but some people in the world are like this where it's like, hey, and maybe they don't consciously think of it this way. Because you know, you could tell someone, even now, like if they don't have the guidelines like a for real comprehensive, you know, instructional, they're going, it's so easy to take that kind of too far. So, origin boots have like a more of like a, I don't want to say mystique, but you know, when you're like, when you kind of see the origin boots, they kind of have a gravitas to them. And they have no idea about, like, anything else, you know, they're like, but they're like, that's a cool idea. And I want to get rewarded for my work, you know, with, with, you know, praise and hopefully applause or something, you know, kind of like that. You know, so it's like especially when you want to point your finger, you know, and be like, then not point your finger. So it's less comforting, I guess, day to day, but at the same time, it's almost like this intangible motivation to do a good job for this guy, you know, you're kind of seems like that. But I'm not drastically cognitively impaired at the moment, you know, where all of a sudden, wait a second, you know, I don't know what they answered that question is, hold on, you know, that doesn't happen. And you show it to someone or you present it, and here's the thing, when you come up with a comprehensive plan that you're happy about, you're fired up, you know, I know what you're going with us and you're like saying how hard it is. What if you heard the idea on like you're watching, I don't know, project or unwares something and you heard like one of the people say an idea just in passing to their friend on the show. Yeah, so I'm like, let's say that I'm like, hey, you know, I'd be a great idea. And I think I've met more than anything where it's like, I don't mean you're no good to know about it when you're, you know, it's sleep-deprived. Like actually doing what you know you're supposed to do, doing what you know is the right thing to do. So, you know, you want to listen to a cool concept that may have been, you know, in one of the episodes that you kind of remember, it'll be as as an excerpt so you can, you know, you can watch that. Yeah, man, that's so good because you, and you, you know, you've put it, you're the one who put it like this where it's like you don't emotionally attach yourself to the plan. See, I'll kind of blame that that is, like, okay, so now one freaking, look, and not only did a million training people already have that idea, as far as an idea goes, like, I have no capability of executing this. Like you're not even looking being cool about it, you know, kind of, kind of an attitude, you know, that's the part. And you're like you say, hey, you know, tell me what you think of this video before you release it or something like that. What he's saying is that, you know, that slimy guy that you knew in high school that was trying to screw people over and whatever, he's saying like, that guy when you meet him 20 years later, guess what he's doing, still a slimy guy. What just kind of moral, like your fiber, you know, it's not because it's not like you can talk to pretty much anyone and they'd probably tell you, Yeah, I think the reality of it is that different people are different and it's going to affect people in different ways and generally speaking, you know, getting free adequate risk is better than not getting at the end of the day. But then it's like at the same time, you can be like, well, even in a great result, like a scenario with a great result, you could have been even more lucky. So like, that almost suggests like, man, if you're just like, I'm going to beat you up through this hundred percent. First off, not only do I not know anything about surfer board making, it's like, I didn't really even mean like you should really do that and let's go into business. Let's say he's a surfer or surfer or surfer or cheaper or something and maybe an engineer too, you know, and I'm like, oh, you need to be a great idea for a surfer or the little motor on there. Like you're like, oh, we should invent a parachute that can spring a motor and take you, I don't know, something kind of ridiculous. Let me call the app that, you know, and then so most of the time it's like, even if that were a good idea, which it's not, but even if it was, I don't need you for that to do it. There's, I know there's all kinds of like literature about this kind of thing, but there's different kinds of intelligence, right? Now, if you were to dig down into this right here, I'm here to tell you, if you're going to invest in a company, the number one thing you should look at is what's the leadership like, because if they have a great product, groundbreaking product, but they have horrible leadership, it doesn't matter. But the reality is, like, Brad not only did you not execute, like, I don't even know if you could. And look, I'd love to tell you, well, you know, let's know you didn't need to project but if you dig a little bit deeper on that statement, it's fairly accurate. I think, and I think it kind of does happen on these teeny tiny ways, but nothing that would kind of collectively be considered character, you know, but I think yeah, Most of us will have at least 1% of our little brain saying like, oh man, like, that's my idea. Not your physical being, uh, you know how you're saying, even at 48 years old, you don't think of like, oh, this guy's mature. Do you feel that it's like, I guess, when you think about it, it seems like a two-way street, right? So, you know how back to what you said where it's like, okay, if you got an idea from somebody But at the same time, it's kind of like Wendy, you know when you really did a good job. But you know, when I, after I read that quote about him and you know, just talking about leadership and kind of the dichotomies that are there, I remember this short piece that I haven't. You know, like hey, if you're sleeping on the job, you're not doing a good job. You know, like just impassing, right, that's my cool idea. And look, I got plenty of examples where I know someone when they were, you know, 15 and then 20 and then 25 and 30 and it's the same guy, the whole time. You don't want to go overboard, you don't want to be compiling every little thing, you know, apart from every little thing either. It's like back into the whole thing where you used to be like, hey, jocco, if you're so into the way your supplements taste, maybe that's a weakness. And you think, I thought to myself, I'm never going to, so at this point, I come up with a plan for anything which normally, as you know, I try not to, I try to let out of everybody else come up with a plan. Because if, you know, all those seals and, you know, those heroic guys that died on that airfield, if a plan can get through all those guys, all those seals, then we need to make sure our minds are open and we're listening and taking input. Like, you know, when you come out with a plan or an idea or whatever of video, whatever. It's a rough one to take because you might look around and say, well, you know, I know of the right circumstances in my life to be successful. But if you're asleep to private, well, a lot of times, you're not, you know, good to know. You go all these pretty or actually like 17, you know, he's pretty mature kid, right? When we work with big investment groups, sometimes they're wanting us just to tell them, doing assessment, making assessment, what is this leadership pod like one of these humans like? So and that is true, which kind of takes me back to what about that idea guy who's like you stole my idea, right? I know people where I, you know, used to look at him and go, you, and now I look at him totally solid. Hey, if I show someone a piece of writing and they go, yeah, you know, I like this, but you can do this different. They just go by their feeling and they're like, hey, this person doesn't agree with me like all the time. And it's just like, it's like, if you, you get a, let's say this luck is a factor, but it is a smaller factor than most people give it credit for.