And you know, whatever those things are, I know they're going to have something to do with how to think, how to manage emotions, how to adapt like a lot of the real basic things that are going to in one way or another, apply to everything. So if someone, you know, if it's like you said if it's a minor thing, don't go jumped on his throat or just jumped to this thing, really just be like, okay, you know, deal with it in your way, but like I said, log in in your brain and move forward. You know, so like, you know, it's certain things people, let's say, quote, I'm quote, normal people might find like exercise, for example. So I don't, you know, I, you know what I regret now is like, I want to still be in, you know? You know, when someone's like all standing up and all upright and reaching for your collar while you're standing, you know, they got some judo going on. They'll ask you a question that if you say no to you look dumb or something like that, you know, so it's, I don't know if they're going to say yes 15 times a row. And then, you know, like anything, all these offsuits that grow, you know, they, you know, there's some overlap for sure. I mean, I said it when I was talking, you know, people say, oh, of course honesty is, you know, the best thing you got to be honest. so, I was like, this guy, it's like so disingenuous, you know, like he wanted the credit. yeah, I think, like, you know, a lot of companies they discourage, fraturizing with, you know, your co-workers. Like a mix of, like he doesn't, I don't want to look up to him, but there's a sense of that right where if your leader is just going to spend, you have that kind of ingrained respect, and then not to mention on top of that, you don't fear any real consequences from him. You know, I think it was you know like 1996 we started seeing the Uma plot and we were oh man. I just thought of this like, if a guy got in trouble for whatever reason when we were over on deployment, whenever I was on deployment and combat, if a guy got in trouble, you know what their punishment would be? And then they they'll kind of double down on it and say, hey, you know, I speak the truth, you know, and like me for who I am or whatever. And you realize like, oh, when I'm on the bottom in the half guard, where I feel super comfortable when I'm doing Jiu Jitsu, if I'm in a real fight, I'm going to be getting headbutted or I'm going to be getting punched in the face. Like if so, if let's say you're just an average person who's like, man, I got to, I'm going to make a new just resolution. And he kind of had this look on his face looking at us as if he needed us to be like, wow, that was so great, but you know, when the look is so transparent, he's like, Like, super happy about knowing that you could choke people, and he would get into fights in the civilian world, and come and give me these full de-briefs and ask me for pointers and judgment, and that was, you know, a warrior that liked to fight, and he found out that you could grab people and submit them. You know, the guy was like, hey, I'm just going to stand till it till. You know, the Germans did not know they were suspect where we were going to attack They be like, you know what, hey, hey, whatever their message is, and they'd be like, hey, take this free gift. You would have been better off slowly trying to take the plan that he came up with and maybe maneuver on it or maybe say, hey, boss, I don't know if that's going to work because of this thing over here, but you'd be tactful. Oh, you're going against, you're going full speed, you know, toe to toe. Of course I'm not going to, you know, hate on the question or nothing like that. And so here is like a cage to animal, that if you don't, if you just know who the boss is, and he doesn't respect the boss, he's not going to listen to you. If you multiply whatever ten players per side that are actually banging heads, times however many plays, you know, you're talking about thousand, you know, probably more than a thousand head on head contacts in a football game. So you don't want to let the enemy know where you're going to attack him because then he can defend that specific area. So, you know, like, kind of like, what is it? You know, even if you're 20% addicted, you're like, okay, I like on buddy still addicted. And I always say that that's kind of the risk you run with teaching people Gjitsu, because it is like, I'm going to, it's a superpower, essentially, because you don't have to learn that much for it to be effective in this huge way. Hence the saying, if you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. You know, I think a lot of people are like that. That is not a good plan to say, hey, I'm going to get so good at striking that I'm going to stop a grappler. I don't know where they are, but but I think just like how you're saying, when you make it to purple belt, you're the basic jujitsu will win on the street. Super common with guard passing is, you know, you smash to the, you know, one side right your smashing smashing to one side. You got to know how to grab and get to know how to strike. and I mentioned this before, where you know, some people will be direct, but people don't really like them. Let's say, you know, you're in command of, you know, 10 guys. Now you got to play another tactic that he said, let him, you know, you got to relax a little bit. So those two, you got one guy that's a maniac that doesn't care, he's going to go get after it, he's going to die. And yet, people interacting with each other will constantly decide they're just going to go, you know, toe to toe. And, but if you take that into the military scenario, it's, you know, like I said, you're gonna care about your guys so much. And you know, just to make sure that, um, that they realize that, hey, you shouldn't, you should actually pay attention to what else is going on in the world. So if you know I'm not giving you good feedback because I'm too nice, you're not going to start. Or they start taking your guy's hostage, it didn't even let that through the back door or something like that, you know? I let them know everything that I know so that they can weigh everything as much as I weigh. Think about how it's going to impact the mission because if you're a good leader anywhere on that, anywhere on that chain of command, if you're a good leader, the most important thing you should be achieving the mission. So self defense, I think now is you may find a gym that's only does sport where if you came in no experience and then, you know, three, four, five years later, your sport you did to might not take you very far in the street. But if it's, you know, if they're going for something completely different, different aspect of the game, it throws your feet in more. Because, you know, in the modern military, you know, he was dealing with conscripts. Yeah, yeah, fully in, obviously I am not going to wage some kind of semantical battle with you or nothing like that. You know, these young kids, they come to the game and they start the first thing they want to learn is the rubber guard. You know, people of this kind of misconception that speaking your mind is a good thing. I might get offended in the way I'm going to do, I'm going to go right back at you. That means they're going to protect their people without going all we can't fall back. That, yeah, the grappler is going to take some hits on the way in, but they're going to get in. And when you see a cool move like warm guard, when like, you're controlling one guy with your weird foot, that face this way in one hand. And they're, they're, they're duty, they're job is, it's part of them, you know, where I, I was listening to this thing where he's talking about this, the omnisch, omnisch people, right? You know, I know he's not trustworthy in this, but he's trustworthy. You know, these things, that's what's going to get you by industry. You know, even like I remember I remember Dean when I were talking about the other day we remember when the Uma plot I came out. You're just going to be diplomatic if you, if I'm not going to say to you, I don't think you're smarter enough to figure this out. You know, you say you don't know how to. You know, so it's like, oh, yeah, that works. So when you're when you're when you're in GJ2, when someone, for instance, pulls guard real quick, you know, they've got a good guard. I don't know because I had that feeling that I wanted to join the military when I was four years old and I did it, it seems like turned 18.