Okay, you said that you don't do like a, like a, like a joker or like a faint or anything like that, you know, go one way and then break right or whatever. and I said it, you know, as soon as he left, as soon as Dan left, I was like, oh, we're going to have to go deep on this stuff day because the better, you know, the better I can understand what it looked like from your perspective, I think it just opens up a better understanding of this whole mentality. But like even, you know, even when I was a cartoon commander and something would happen, some, some other, you know, whether it was, whether it was the enemy, whether it was some part of some organization, you know, some person that had something, did something that was, I don't, I want to throw this word out there because it just, it just sets off a whole bunch of, you know, what could it be? And then we're going to swirl around a little bit, and then I'm going to see an opportunity like, oh, oh, oh, oh, juggle gave me a little bit of room here. You know, it's kind of like a thing like I'm going to grill up. And you know what a good turn looks like, then you know what a weak turn looks like. So you've got to think about your fuel, you've got to think about your wingmen, you've got to think about the other 20 airplanes that are going to be landing on the ship at the same time as you, and the coordination goes along with that. That's kind of like guys like in the Air Force guys like Robin Oles or such legends, because in the face of an entire industry and in the face of an entire era of the military mindset, he recognized that the thing that makes us better is how well we train and how aggressive we are with our machines. I think because of the, because of the reaction of an aircraft, if you're going to fake enough that I'm going to actually have to fall for your fake, for you to recover back is you can't do it quickly enough and I am going to be able to take advantage of it. Then I need to draw what's up there and then I'm going to put some big circles in the boring go, hey, we're going to really analyze this engagement here and I'm going to play the tape and go, okay, stop, what do you see? How about, um, how about eyesight, which I know back in the day was like the component Chuck Yager, you know, could like PID, Yeah, bogeys, just so before anyone is even close to seeing them. You might get a little, not sure right for line up left, you might have a different version of going right, and then there is going left. But you're not going to come up with like, oh, man, I'm going to come up with some crazy thing that's never seen before. And I think one of the cool things about being around the ship, and one of the things that makes naval aviation unique with these guys in the Navy and the Marines that did it, is that every single flight, there was this risk, there was this fight that you were going to get the duel against this machine, this boat, this thing that's out there, that sort of geared and designed in every way, shape, and form, it's a really bad airport. But then yes, you got to remember as well that there is no, because essentially like, okay, like you're in a duty to remember where it's like Green zone meaning save zone if you're too far away from the guy you can't punch a kick you whatever. I think the way you said it was exactly right man, so F-18, F-16, F-15, MIG-29, SC-27, all these airplanes in this generational world that I was in at top, going to during that time, they're all pretty good. Can you like not become a fighter pilot if your vision is like a, you know, used to be like that. And so the key would be is, how can I maneuver to a place where I can climb above you without putting myself at risk to your weapons, and then maneuver above you, and take advantage of that free G force that's available to me going from high to low, where you're fighting against that and you're losing it, going from low to high, and that's kind of the goal of that vertical fight that he described. You've got to plan for it, you've got to count for it, you've got to manage your fuel for it, and you've got to recognize that more than likely, the hardest part of your flight, no matter what you're doing, more often than not, it's going to be the last thing you do. But if you don't really know what's happening around you the way that he does, eventually he's going to out, he's going to outperform you. So you get the nod you go when you when you show up there, do you have any inkling in your head that you're going to do well that you're going to be able to hang you're just like you took no 100% that you're getting in with the black and with the sharks and with the black belts. And it's not going to keep working like this because the people we're fighting against are going to figure this out. The fleet is cyclical, so you have a work up phase and you have focus on this work up and you have deployment phase and that's a huge amount of focus and you come back and you kind of have, you know, a little bit of a let down phase, you lose some people they go well, so where you get some new people on board and it cycles and the pace cycles up and down, the responsibility cycle up and down, what you're trying to do changes all the time. The LSOs and look, one of the cool things, or is it like power power power, break, break, break, break, break, like a left left left left, is you doing that? You steer everything with your legs, you're putting a lot of pressure on your feet and your toes and you maneuver the airplane with your feet and your legs are shaking so hard that you literally can't steer and you're margined for like they take it to the side of the ship like three feet away from the edge of the ship. How much do you use a change of pace, like in basketball, you know, when you're dribbling down the court, you change pace, you go, you, you're going fast, then you slow down for second, then you go fast again. But if you're on the pat, you know, if you're if you are reminded that, hey, you're going by this code, you throw up a zero by that hurts, you know? He's going to be able to excel in in this and he's going to do a little better better than jockel because I can see jockel is kind of lagging in his ability to. Like I'm holding your hands instead of like I got one hand here, one hand here, I'm holding you tight, you can't like maneuver it all. Now it's like, man, I don't know how this is going to, now you're in a real fight. But typically when you strap on an airplane, you have a pretty good idea of how it's going to perform and how it's going to behave. If you're an hour going out there and I'm just going to, and I just start getting wild with you and just turn to some of these crazy things. You know, if you can identify those two, because it reveals that you actually know what's going on. And you're just going to add some moment boom, you're going to turn left, right, whatever. You didn't know that there are soldiers already left the building and you didn't see where you didn't know the stuff was going on. I don't mean it like you like to fight other people but that feeling that you get you like that feeling. So if you compare to the jujitsu, right, you know how like we have situational training, which is essentially what it is, right, situational training. It is a reminder because like a lot of this stuff is like, yeah, like you could have a one day. And you know, like I said, it's, it's, you know, it's an old man talking now and just don't get those situations very often. It's like, oh, I mean, in your jitz who I'd say, hey, echo, you know, you're, you need to get you, you squeeze your knees together, right on an armlock. And you know, you don't know what's going to happen. And I won't really know what that debrief is going to be like until we get in there. Like I know what you're going into this seal training. But if you've got, you know, if you did the math that we've got, multiple carriers, deployed to see it all the time, and you're doing multiple flight ups all the time, once a week out there somewhere in the blue ocean, there's a kid up there who's struggling. You like, and I kind of took it like, you like fighting. If you were eight feet off, you're either going to miss and go around, or if you're eight feet low, you were going to hit the ship. There's all those components that you just talked about are inside there and that's how you're going to work together to eventually isolate the bad guy and one of us is going to kill him and I don't really care who does it as long as one of us does it. We're on Twitter Instagram and Facebook Dave is at David our Burke echo is at echo Charles and I am at jocca willing and Thanks to all of the military personnel out there look they all make this machine work when that carrier When that fighter pilot's going to land on that carrier There is 5,000 people that are making that possible on that ship There's 5,000 people working coordinating making it happen They're all over the place So thanks to all of you that are out there. But if you show me if we lock up and I feel like you're in the game and you fly a really good airplane, I bet you that your debrief's going to be really solid. oh yeah, the defender, right, the guy who's in front or whatever, we think of that is like, why doesn't he just get away, right? I was on the the younger side in both time and flight time, so time and time and fine total time and then time in an airplane. I had a real problem in the very beginning when I got assigned to a carrier squadron and I kind of had to come to grips with this is going to move my day to day life. The more you can process what's happening, the more you can recall what's happening, the better you're going to be able to teach this and understand what actually is going on. So there's a really unique thing that they discovered at top, and when they talked about the egg about this vertical fight, is the way your airplane maneuvers vertically going from pointed up, so pointed high to low, is a your airplane is typically very slow at the top of a loop, which makes sense. But he spent where he cost him two hours, you know in a week Whereas if he had a fly up to your location and Spend two hours up there that cost him whatever two days it cost him two days And your people can't you know hate him up in that conversation and say hey, what do you think? And in airplane, you got a whole bunch of things going on inside and outside of the airplane, plus you're hearing things. And this is just so weird for me because you know, I like to, you know, where we're building relationships, we're building teams, we're working together. But echo's got you know a little bit of flexibility, and maybe you've got some capacity that he doesn't, but none of that is exclusive, I mean, you don't get to just beat him because you're stronger, because he can counter that strength that you have with something that maybe you don't have. I can either try to get away from him, which almost never worked at that distance, although there is a separation that you might try to put, but at that, we started off was like, hey, you're starting in a place that we know running away won't work. And that's to finish with that and to have that be the thing that persists in the legacy of top gun and have nothing to do with Hollywood or any of those things, but the legacy of people who took that burden of responsibility of I'm responsible for people's lives who are going to go out and lead junior pilots out into combat and turn that into something that becomes in organization that's lasted for decades. I'm going to be mile behind you, and I'm going to be good to go. And at the same time, we're going to be, we're going to be above board across the board and everything else. We're going to, we're going to make sure things work. You know, I don't know if anybody is ever that I've ever seen like the connection between that specifically. This is the other thing we're doing we are communicating all the time We're having live meetings we're doing them basically five times a week if you want to sit if you want to ask me a question If you want to ask me a question if you want to sit there on a computer look at me and ask me a question Go to efo mind dot com and come to one of our live meetings you will get to ask me a question We'll have a full conversation. So if you can kind of equate, if you were to just show me exactly how you'd want to position yourself against someone else, you know, you're taking his back, you've kind of started to set up the rear naked or whatever that might be, whatever that separation is, that's not the same separation as if someone in the mouth pulled you and kind of grabbed you and pulled you close him so you couldn't strike them. Yeah, and if you got a problem, or you're running low on gas, or you've got a mechanical issue that's gonna create some problems for you, you're going back to the ship. And you've got your gas, and somebody will come up and then they'll go, hey, you know, aircraft 204, your push time is time 1015. You're going to come back and you're going to land aboard the ship. So we're going to do a dog fight and we're going to set it up on purpose that I start behind you. So over those 10, you know, peers that you have, you're going to probably see one or two of those in your peer group go during your time in the fleet. Because you're fighting against G going from low to high, G is helping you going from high to low. As a, as a person who's offensive, if you think about finishing somebody, and the way I'm going to finish is through a strike, which is kind of similar to what those weapons are, I need to have some distance between you and me, to make that strike effective. It's one of those books where it's kind of like what you were saying about landing on a carrier and being on a carrier and having that life where you're like, This is hard. And these guys are kind of doing nothing and shift them up and that you can Randage your task unit in real time and have a really good idea of what's going on with all of them without being with any of them. We've sold out all of our gigs we've ever done We'll sell these out to so if you want to come go register and efo overwatch and efo Legion Look we work with companies all the time all Companies need leaders at every level from front line leaders to senior leaders If you need a senior level level leader go to efo overwatch if you need a front line leader Go to efo region if you were in the military in any capacity Go to efo region dot com and go and register so we can get you Connected with companies that are looking for front line leaders and Find the Americas mighty warriors dot org That is mom. When you escape the mount, you can either, basically, you can either open the guy over your left shoulder, over your right shoulder, you can knee escape or you can elbow escape the right, their right leg or your, or their left leg, right? And it's certainly not something you're going to sweat like, man, I hope I can land this time. You've heard me say in jujitsu that if I'm going to fake a move, if I'm going to faint to move, I actually have to faint the move enough that you have to react to it. I would 1000 times over, like, prefer to be the guy that's the pilot and not be the guy that's, you know, it's one of those horrible situations where you're not actually in danger. So I was really junior to be going, you know, not unprecedented, but I was much more on the junior side and more on the inexperienced side when I got selected to go to the course. If you're not watching on this on YouTube, I'm imagining you might start moving your hands around a little bit, which is, you know, cool with me, but I don't want to keep saying the whole time trying to describe what you're doing. So we knew going into our fights that were always at a disadvantage and when bigger planes showed up like we talked about the S-27, that thing had a ton of gas. Just like you, just like this more moves into MMA, where if you're trying to hit me, I want to close the distance, get close to you, where your strikes won't really make a difference. That's a, I don't know if that's completely unique to GJ2 and maybe you're getting guys that, Do you notice, do you notice that level of understanding based on this guy's, you know, initial reactions? No one really knew who is going to win until the UFC until people started fighting or whatever valley to do and because whatever you, whatever you want to go, when people start to go at it, when people, when you actually engage in combat and then you ask yourself, why did I lose? And I'm going to say power, power, and that means you're going to go longer. And on a perfectly clear gorgeous blue day, I'm going to let you start to see what it looks like.