You know, like we're going to see, well, like we're going to see in Vietnam, like we're going to see in Afghanistan, like we're going to see in Iraq. But if you don't know juditsu, it all just seems like kind of like a whirlwind, like, yeah, somebody, oh, do you remember like, if your leg was over his leg or under his leg, you would have to be like, what are you talking about? And, you know, you know, you know, you had like the whole thing going on, the whole kind of, you know, mystical sort of vibe, you know, talking about how well. So like the other day, right, where I was like, I'm like, you know, focusing, you know, doing some stuff on my computer for a long time. But some people the way they use indoor fins, almost like it's like this just throw away and they turn like, no, friends, you just sort of feel better in this and like ambiguous sort of way. Like in the beginning it kind of feels like a little fight because you're like, whatever, but in training, it'll work because you're not, you know, and it's mad. Oh, yeah, you do this like under your nose, but you know, above your lip and above under your nose, just like, oh, you'll make you, but man, if you're at all fired up to use your term, you can just grit through that, you know, and it's different because if you have, because they used to use that if you want to choke someone you put your finger in a nose and you can lift their chin. You know, like man, what if he does really put it, the pressure point on me or whatever, and I'm thinking, okay, all the times I've been training and competing or whatever, like what if someone put a pressure point on me, like during jujitsu? So like your head just kind of naturally does it, but if you're mad or if you're ready for it, like if someone's like, oh, I know this guy always does this. He's like, what kind of stuff you like, she's like, whatever you like. Because we don't have like juditsu like this, even though the map and I talk about this, like, you know, when we're talking to people, don't have training it. and when you kind of think about it because like you're right, like, okay, so doing that, the nose thing like when you want to lift your head. It's like makes you like, like just like depression is a real thing. I was like, You know, and you know, and you know, You know, That's my, it's my torment. Well, it's like, okay, you can kind of understand why someone who doesn't know any better would think that because remember back in the day when you're like a little kid and then guy can be bigger than you, but in Hawaii, I mean I'm sure they say they have an expression in Hawaii. And then you're going to be doing a competition where you're kind of like maybe like you're focusing too hard on conservation or something like this. You know what I mean like you know you happen to get like the you have I happen to get a good grip and Greg train admittedly is smaller than me as well. I don't know if he was just openly refuting the effectiveness of jujitsu or what, but he was like, he'd like basically like I just do pressure points on you. You know, I made like a face like it, like I cared and then just slapped the psycho arm lock on. whatever, like everyone's all, yeah, like you'll get a guy in his, liver and his hands will come all the way down here, recoil in this like way, whatever, but yeah, But you know, the move, where the movie is like, hey, you know, the cops ready to, ready to, you know, do something to the bad guy. Because if you don't know what that little crack feels like, and it happens to you for the first time, you're going to get, you're going to get beat down. and I start like digging into the back of your ear, you're going to be like, oh, it's just going to make you move. I mean, if you're really in touch with like your feelings or whatever, like, sometimes you feel kind of stale, like inside because you're not out. So someone has you like in the mount or on your back or whatever and you feel like real, like, kind of helpless. Oh, but those like that was how, how, how they and the guy was like, they'd be like, oh, let's go. Like, you know how like when you take some time off, you want it one at one. You know, before you know, juditsu and someone winds up in a good position, like, let's say you just get in a big scramble in a real fight.