It's weird how like to hear it, you know, because you know, you get whether it be reports or like, you just heard from someone someone who has a different, I don't want to say agenda necessarily, but, you know, like if someone's against the war or something, like that's kind of their, their deal, you know, so they're kind of trying to input, not input. And I think that was the whole thing about Gigi to begin with, like, I'll help, you know, Haley Gracie's, you know, smaller guy, you know, and he lets that, you know, he can put himself in safe position, positioning tape, minimize damage, all this stuff, and then like, I get's all tired, and then he can use his, you know, leverage or whatever. It's kind of that's part of the workout too, you know, so it's like it's almost like it's you're doing a specific thing to your body there too, you know, so it's like that fits, you know, you don't have to have rest periods. It was like, it wasn't a documentary, but you know, the kind of words like on like discovery, or one of these, and then they, they propose like, what if this happened? But, yeah, you don't kind of, you know, I kind of like, within a lot, lock my hands and I kind of sat there and I'm like, you know, and even he knows it. Do you, do you ever do like little slie things like, and I guess I shouldn't say, slie because you know how like if you're really trying to ask this question, but you can't just come out and ask that question because you can't expect them to just come out and give you that straight dope answer. Everyone else is just, you know, just trying to live a life and do the right thing and feels, you know, consider things sort of as a group, you know, like all pretty much the same. And the way I always explain Iraqi families, I'm like, oh, you wanted to know an Iraqi family is like, they're like a family. Seems like showing me the benefits, you know, of like skipping the workout, but that's kind of evil in a way, you know. So I was like, but that expectation that it's actually him emailing you being like, Hey, great to meet you or something like this, you know? So it's like one of those, you know, if you're illegitimate, that tends to be like what it looks like. You know, like, everyone's in a lot of like, you'll get a situation where, I don't know. But it was like a promo, like advertisement for this cool, like club kind of thing. I, I really, it wasn't Ireland, I don't think, I don't know, it was somewhere where you get like criminals, bad criminals, murders, like rapists type, guys or whatever, and the in jail, and it's not even called jail, I don't think. He goes to this place where he gets pets, he gets, um, he can hang with girls, he can, he can make friends, he gets, like, um, he learns, like, stuff, skills, and stuff like that. I signed up for Sam Harris's email list, but it was, happened to be at the same time where I sort of like, met him in sort of like, no, and then I seen it like from Sam Harris. No, I get it, but I get, you know, quite a few friends like that, you know, where, and you know, I don't, I'm not a big communicator. oh my gosh, it solves like a bunch of their problems and make some super, you know, it's like that kind of situation. Like you can tell someone's reaction when they're reacting to this detail, where it's like, oh, bad, you're like, I see what you're doing. So it's like I was wondering that like I wonder if, then I was like, first I was wondering, I wonder if I could do Jockel's and I was, then I was thinking, I wonder if he could do mine? And what sucks is from a psychological standpoint, like if you and I are going to train you, you're going to train you, you know that I'm just a guy that's just going to go protract it. So it like solidifies the like enemy, like that's the enemy versus us. Not just used, but it's used as like this weird kind of way to answer any questions and say, any questions and circular arguments and always comes back to these things and you're like, well, this is getting kind of funky over here. It's almost like it feels like justice or something like that. So now it's like, you know, I spent like three or four hours finishing the reading, looking a couple things up You know, like you always wonder like, I wonder if I could do that guy's workout. But it's the exact metaphor, though, you know, like where if like aliens are coming over, whether it be to take over or to get some alien job done. I remember in football, there's like, okay, so you know when you, okay, in football, you say, you know, you say what's called a cadence, you say set down hot or go or whatever, the quarterback says it whatever. When you say they understand collateral damage, just kind of like, the way you said is almost like, and which is actually correct from my perspective, where it sounds obvious, everyone understands collateral damage. You know, like, everyone kind of understands that, you know, Yeah, just like you said, where you, where it's like, yeah, the brother got killed. How, you know, like there's a show called What If Humans Disappeared, or something like that. So when he does, it's like it's almost like a feeling of satisfaction, you know? It's kind of like, you know, oh, maybe they're just people that imagine if they just didn't even have the concept of violence, right? Like on the district, you know, something like that? You know, then it was like, almost like this utopian commercial. I mean, what I don't know if that's what you, you know, the blue pill is like you stay in the matrix. None have been, but I'm saying if there was like, hey, freaking no podcast for one month or something that like, I would anticipate a bunch of people training email. We know what we know he was doing bad stuff and he got killed and they kind of got it. If we got the people, like when you storm a beach, when you get the beach head, you know, you want to get a foothold. I think there's certain ones that have like those types of matches, but they're I think they're specific, like special matches. You know, I started saying, well, you know, when my boss would ask me, you know, what are you guys trying to get done? And I was like, hey, man, even if he passed my guard right now, you know, he's, chances are he's not going to finish me. I feel like it's universal, yeah, because it's kind of like our need for balance. All those rule does illegitimate tend to mainly rely on coercion, like making and forcing people do things, which you probably heard me say this, an echelon front events, you know, when I, I'm always saying, well, I never really had to order anyone to do anything. If someone feels like an underdog, it just feels like an imbalance of some sort, power imbalance, whatever kind of imbalance. You know, so it's like, all right, which workout am I doing then that's what that's why rest is kind of set in there. I have felt the sting of signing up for the email list, hoping that I'll be updated with like new cool stuff that they offer or whatever, but meanwhile, they're sending me like, oh, happy Valentine's Day from XYZ.com. You get this sort of whatever your, whatever your problem is with the government, like if you're an surgeon in Iraq, people, people, you know, not only do they say, well, well, and Iraq, it was the, the bathis that been in charge forever. You know, you look at some, some things you know, that's kind of got a weird culty feeling to it. You go into one of the rooms, there's like weird pictures of whatever, Iraqi movie stars, music stars, and like, they're just people. Then the other one is like, this is like, I got to tap out. But here was the thing in the point of the article was that there was, like, the, what do you call it when you go back to, like, you go to jail and then you get out, then you go back to jail. And that's just a different way of saying, you know, I am always telling people everyone's watching you and if you try and lie to them, they know it. Like no time limit matches or something like that. Have you ever gotten an email from somebody that's like, like, you sign up for an email list? Like a time where you're like three minutes of rest. And you know, so it's like too battles going on. Foreign support, obviously, you can have people on the outside that like to see that want to support some insurgency inside of a country. Like promo, like, yeah. And then you've got an active minority against the cause, which this is something important to think about in life, especially in, well, like right now in America, that you, who do you hear from? One is like, if I just can't do the weight, like, let's say your squat is just, it's a bigger squat than me. Like the idea that like someone just doesn't get where that person's coming from. He was like saying, oh, I know what you're thinking. Like that part of me would be like, oh, it just do it tomorrow. Like, think about this too, where, okay, there's this place, I don't know where. I feel like you know when people will say, I demand respect. Why would there be like, okay, this is like super retweetable? The thought is, hey, you know, if you kill, if you, they see you kill, you know, some kid, some family member, right? Because you get a guy who raped, you know, a lady, killed her, and then killed the husband or something like that, for example, he goes, no punishment.