You know, one thing I did over there because you know, the days over there could seem like Groundhog Day to the average soldier out there on a patrol day after day, you know, seeing, you know, these Iraqis give them the stink eye and all that. It's kind of like, you know, when you're in a, like, I don't know, maybe the police forces or something like that, where it's like, hey, we have the situation, then the police force like mounts up and they're like, okay, what's the situation? We learned we're going to Ramadi and then we kept thinking man are they going to change their mind because you know we were getting you know we were getting all the classified report you know what was going on over there as we saw how violent was and by the way. I mean, you know, 100 hours, you know, you know, the buildup certainly was longer, but you know, 100 hour war there. I was commissioned as a matter of, you know, you're about to admit this to about to know, I know that, but, you know, I'm still proud of my service, but I was a medical service core officer. Yeah, and then ship them over and then, you know, then, hey, you know, here's some jeans, which, you know, I don't know. I don't like to get wrapped up in, you know, people that are going to argue political points about, you know, the way things unfolded that the way things unfolded, right? It's going through with that mother and father are going through with the brothers sisters are going through with the wife or you know going through the spouse is going through and that's what gets me most emotional when I think about that. Because a lot of guys didn't know who I was you know who's this new guy coming to take command of brigade heels over to those three soldiers he said this is Colonel Gransky we're in good hands with him. We could deal with them, you know, because we could let them know that, hey, you, you know, men things settled down here when you get enough of your own sons and Iraqi police. Which I know I know people, um, I know it's hard to understand that concept of wanting to go to war. So I actually left the the country, but even, you know, like I liked you said, you know, they got murdered and that really. And that was the al Qaeda in Iraq segment who was doing that because, you know, as you as you know, you know, you mean there there there were different segments of the insurgency. And for the other soldiers that we might have got you know 40 soldiers from Illinois or you know another 130 soldiers from Michigan And listen to what they say, you know, they know things you don't know. I mean, you know, it was kind of like a family farm where, you know, I mean, all my brothers and sisters Jack or this is the weird thing when I heard second brigade was going to get mobilizing over to Iraq something told me I was going to go with them and I don't know what it was I just believed I was going to go over there with that brigade and. We're going to do a massive push through and I was telling my guys from a political standpoint, it made sense to me because this is why I told my guys I said look, I think this is going to happen and the reason I think it's going to happen is because Maliki, who just is the prime minister and he's a shea and this is a city filled with Sunni people. but I know there was a I.E.D. that the destroyed a tank in the Malab area which you talk about you know we're a soccer stadium was a tank commander was able to get all of his crewmen out of that tank without anybody getting wounded were worse and there's a fight that went on down there for at least 24 hours and a few soldiers were killed during that engagement from from the first at a five or six And I don't know if it's true or not, I don't know if you know it's true or not. One thing I did want to back up on a little bit though, Jocco is is, you know, when I came back when I did make that decision to join the National Guard, because the guys there seem like people I wanted to work with. And it was we could kill those bad guys and we could kill those bad guys and it was you know you could see you know you talk to a company commander and anyone of those company commanders that were out there they'd go out they'd get in patrol they'd get in a gunfight. One thing I learned over there, even from the Army, you know, a lot of times in our, if you're infantry, you know, you think all the other branches don't matter. Yeah I mean that was their goal you know talk about purpose you know talk about inspiring people by giving them a purpose that that was their purpose and life was to create. And I know, you know, obviously a lot of social unrest and there's a lot of things that may not be perfect about our country, but I get guaranteed this after being over and I rack after spending the last three years in Europe and traveling to about 40 different countries over there. And so I get back home, I'm talking to my wife and she goes, you know John, I think that's a good idea because your kids and your grandkids need to know the story. He was gonna go he was getting from a special operations group was going to do an operation and he was going to take some of his you know his seals and is Iraqi soldiers they were going to go and help them. One of the first things that we start planning for is like a philusia style clearance of Ramadi and the plan as I understood it and again, it seems like a long time ago in some ways, and this is one of those ways, trying to remember exactly, but the plan that as I remember is we were starting to organize this thing was that all when the one one AD showed up and we have the two two eight and the one one AD on the ground at the same time, we got double the combat power. You know, we're talking about extreme ownership a little bit earlier and you know, the, I opened it up talking about a blue on blue that we had you are there at the time. so you know just because two six nine was rotating out doesn't mean they didn't need tanks there so this is a great story about uh resilience I guess you could call it with with this national guard platoon that I had working with two six nine armor it was a it was a uh platoon from an armor unit in the twenty eight I.D. uh platoon of soldiers so that was I think we had about forty soldiers there So it's it's just have to again use, you know, real big in the army, you know, especially when you're a lieutenant or something and hey, you got to make a decision. And he said you know he is a good soldier you know he needs alcoholism counseling etc etc but he said I believe he's worth retaining. And he listened and that that was our attitude we were so thankful and grateful that you know you all helped us so much when we got on the ground and just the the the other thing you know we just had. They'd shoot at some people they wouldn't really know we would leave dead bodies in the streets of the insurgents and it was of the insurgents and that just seemed to be a really good asset and something that made the conventional guys man they were they were so happy when we'd show up at one of their one of their combat outposts they would be so happy for us to show up there because they knew that they'd send out a patrol and they'd get in a gunfight for sure and sometimes they'd kill a bad guy but they knew that we would we would rack up these kills and what's what's good about it is it allowed us to eliminate the bad guys wall protecting the populist Then in embarrass anybody did their job very professionally as they were conducting force pro at these at these bases because again after 90 11, you know, you know, what was going to happen with terrorist attacks at our installations over there. And I remember thinking, oh, I'm going to, I'm going to get mine because, you know, I was, I mean, you might have thought you wanted to go to war when you were 33 years old. Every winter we would get about, you know, maybe three or four weeks, where it was like, you know, much below freezing. And and I'm sure you know coming from any for that mental lot if you know what I mean. So, you know, they were, you know, 10, 11, 12 years old at the time. but but two six nine armor didn't need them to be armor soldiers they said hey you guys be motorized infantry because we got enough armor soldiers so that's what they were until two six nine armor leaves and then the first that a five first that five was six comes in and they said we still need tanks so we took a platoon from this armor company put them on tanks because they were trained tankers And I said, before anybody says anything, and I know, you know, your book extreme ownership talks about this. You know, I did, you know, have this little thing that you, you put together when, when you were the commanding general there at the two to eight. And, you know, the situation was so dynamic that you couldn't waste time asking your higher level leader, you know, what should I do? you know jockel a lot of things go through my mind as you're talking and again you had that great attitude of how could I how could I help I remember when two six nine armor left they were with me for the first six months we were there and then first to five oh six comes in so what's the difference between two six nine arm or in first to five oh six you're talking about an arm or a Italian versus a white infantry battalion but I tell you it was it was an ask kicker for me, you know, and, and, but I was, you know, just didn't want to quit and just kept with it and thank God. But one of the things that you hear a lot is people will talk about, you know what I'm, when I say this, I'm really talking about there's people that just look at the Iraq war as this complete horrible thing everything was wrong. I do want to talk about so I don't know if you know this or not but. But the thing is, a lot of people don't know this, and I don't admit it to a lot of people, but it's kind of an interesting story. The kind where, you know, the kind where you don't feel like it's so hard for where you're like. yeah within the first five six days of their training startup and kind of an interesting story I want to tell you the kind of links the the time we had in Europe with the time of me going to Camp Shelby to begin command in the brigade. The you know the national guard there if I was the commander that maybe something that you wait and go look I need someone that's going to attack this problem maybe a little bit different Know the risks that you take and know how many people you help. Yeah, the other part of that is not not getting emotional because as you know, and I think we were talking about earlier, I think before we even started recording is a lot of times. Let's let's let's go back because you know we all everyone wants to know about you who you are. He said you had neither in both of us wish that we had because you know you just a little dates like that of that they mean a lot. but I said just going to let everybody know you get in trouble you're going to be disciplined. so you know we call it left seat right seat so for the first week that the brigade that's going to take our place gets there. You have to personally, I think, you know, if you're going to work with anybody in the military, you have to come from the perspective that these guys are professional. So all of the things that go along with maintaining military standards still exist, even though you're drilling, you know, in theory, one week in a month and two week annual training at some other time near usually in the summer, but you've in terms of physical fitness standards, you've got to maintain those physical fitness standards on your own. So how would you like it if you're in a house with your wife and two kids and all of a sudden this army patrol comes in and says, You know, just for the hell of it, we're going to start looking through the drawers in your bedroom dresser. And then we went to tell stories you want to get it out of your system you want to laugh you want to cry you want to you want to kind of like you said decompress. And again, I think, because it was so violent there, people just knew the, hey, we got to do our job, you know. I mean just stories like that, what cards have happened all the time where they they leave these very very lucrative positions to get, you know, pay as a as a staff sergeant. Yeah, I think that came from my time in Ramadi where I realized, you know, as we were in distributed operations there, I mean, most operations were conducted at the Platoon level there. I thought of it in terms of like, you know, how like with your kids, right? So I was all in, you know, when I left Fort Knox, Kentucky, I signed the ROTC contract and, you know, I was just so thrilled to be part of that. You know, to go out tow cars, although in the winter, man, you know, winter in North Houston, Pennsylvania. And if you know anything about me, you know that I'm trying to learn constantly. You know, just one final thought, we, you know, we talked about the experience over there. And I know that as the brigade commander, you're meeting people all the time, people are coming in and out. So you had to be out there towing cars, jumping cars, you know, cables and all this, you know, changing flat tires and the freezing snow. You know, 60 miles, 70 miles, 80 miles, you know, it all depended. I don't know, you know, some of these IDs have been planted there for months.