You know, so they, and I don't mean like they're just smoke-living, saying they're into smoking, you know, so when they like this cigarette, they got the old school classic gold-plated light, and they do the little mini micro performance before they like this cigarette, the thing, you know, flip it like it's a butterfly knife or something like that. I'm really both, I get it, but you know, when people are faced in the mix and it's like, work hard, work smart is kind of like, okay, not a lot of people say, I mean, I don't want to say not a lot, but I'm just saying there are people, let's say on a normal level, quantity wise who are going to be like, hey, hard all day and turn their back on the smart part. Kai, something, you know, or it could be part of it, you know, like you can, you can have names like, you know, Kai Noah or, you know, Kai Lani here, this and that. You know, like, I mean, that I guess typically happens if you're like really not in shape and you go like a few rounds, you know? Then there's like, then there's lungs tired, meaning like my muscles are working, but I'm Breathing so hard that I, that like relief is like you just need. And this is sort of set up like a story, which is kind of weird because I don't know if he wrote it this way, but people captured his words, but it's written not like too much of a story, but it says this, Wu Chi dressed in confusion, a tire had an audience of the Lord when of way to discuss about military issues. As far as works of art goes, down one's like, I'm not that much in fashion, like you were, but it seems like that'd be like some top tier artistic. Like when they had the goal for boots, they were like going functional with beauty, like handed hand almost kind of thing. So that's what I was thinking about when I thought of this section right here, that you know, and you know, look, you're point man, a lot of times the point man on these small guys, hey, the Vietnam point man, they were legendary, those be the small seals right? And also interesting to that third tier that is actually sounds still pretty solid, you know, where it's like, I'm gonna take a dive in on the finest food just in some ordinary cut, you know, kind of thing Well, actually there might be more, but there's water like on a river and there's the ocean water because they're like different things, you know, in their mind, even though they're made the same liquid, whatever, each two, oh, because sometimes the salt in one of them, but. You get like the nerve rolls, you know the stereotypical, so the stereotypical, 60-gonna, he's like a big jacked guy, right? Vies river water or like lakes or, you know, like what's what, if you were going to ask for a drink of water, what would you ask for? Lord Wu asked, If two armies are confronting each other and I do not know their general, if I would like to know more about them what methods can I employ, Wu Qi replied, gather some lower ranks, men who are courageous and have them lead some light shock troops to test them. It looks like a, looks like just a machine, a machine, a machine that's alive, like a cyborg, a cybernetic organism that's conducting operations with one thought process. Like you'll be like, like, this guy's sure. It's like, you know, if you roll for like a long time that tends to happen, it makes. So, you know, we're like, I don't know, maybe a few weeks or whatever from going home. You know what's it's interesting to think about from like, oh, what you should actually do is understand human nature and know what you're dealing with. But yeah, it's like in a team, just like all those guys, there's different types of guys for different jobs and a team, there's different jobs, typically. But all of the whole deal when someone else says it, like, oh, even like, you know, I step here in the ground and it was moist. Like, you know, all the ingredients are like on there and stuff. Do you run into, like, in the beginning of say that kind of exercise, whatever, like kind of a chaotic kind of scenario for sure. Yeah, if you know, I mean detached, it's kind of like, sure, I'm going to play this the smartest I possibly can. It's like weapons like tools, you know? Oh, I'm not exactly, but I know that he's not as tall as, like, you know, you're guy. And he's kind of setting this up to say, moreover, the Lord has ordered the making of 24 feet and 12 feet long halberds, which is like a, you're seeing those spears that have instead of having just a point to have like an ax looking thing on it. And then people would just be good enough where, you know, you're like, okay, we got this. You can be like, I know we know this team plays this certain defense or whatever. It's like, you know, those guys who, you know, they're into smoking. We just bought your company, your fired, or even like, you know, you can be, you can be work as my, you know, whatever. You know, I don't know how like a girl. But no, some people will just catch the like the YouTube excerpts and be like, oh, shoot, let me just let this one play. And I run to some corner and I'm holding the corner as, you know, whatever, we're just on patrol, and I'm watching as the guys are moving, and I'm like, good, good. And you kind of, man, this is like, this, that does, that is different than like an energy. And by the way, having that thing shoulder, like shoulder like a rifle and just laying it down as he's moving. Yeah, one of those things where it's like, okay, are you going to work hard or are you going to work smart? And like I said, it felt like I was cheating because by the time we would get to land warfare, they would throw the problems at you. Like the parallels with like basically team sport because basketball do the same thing. Even when you know how somewhere, I don't like it when I say it, but other people can say it, but I okay, that makes sense. Four victories, you're going to decline three victories, you're going to achieve head-gen money, which means you're like kind of in control. I don't like to say the word merch that much, but if you like a pair you want to represent a soccer store dot com. Yeah, like the word, like the word moist. You just like, oh, I'm dead, you know, kind of thing. It's like, it's like your whole body is muscular tired. Like, but you coach them up, like, after you little. It's not like, you know, they blend into each other kind of things. Wooch, knowing the enemy general, knowing the enemy general, wooch, he said, in general, one essential of wars to know who the enemy general is and evaluate his talent. When you inject a little jacco in there, all of a sudden things start, you know, we start going a little bit more towards the form. So it's just a good comforting feeling to know that there's guys out there like that. It's kind of like boom, the conversation going around, going on in the room with you. Like you ever felt like, probably body is it all getting up. And then the guy said, you know, it's like a marathon. It does sound like a Kanye West, maybe statement or something like this. Because we already know where we're going to shift to and then right when we shift, we're going when we shift they have to shift to but they're reactive. And that's why like there's a lot of like towns and even names or whatever they'll have Kai in them or five. He's like, all right, this guy's got some good, put some in charge. This is one of those situations where I was like, I don't know, one of those will be good. Whatever everyone was like, ooh, like he couldn't function in society, same same. And when I start thinking about all the little details that guys would do, every little piece of gear, their honing at their pep, their prepping at everything is taped, everything is quiet, everything is just, and you'd get to see these, I'll tell you what, I was out on patrol, like towards the end of the battle of the body. You know, you know, how that happens, right? You know, which man, I'm, I like the energy drink. What is all specialized forces, you know, these guys they like to do this. Once again take care of your people and also like how he set up that little tiered structure of you want to move into the next tier.