They want to run you into the ground and they're going to harass you they're going to probe you they're going to watch you they're going to try to take you out they're going to set up snipers and machine and you have to know what you need to do to win and if you're people in the front lines don't know this you're going to lose and the reason they're not doing it isn't because there's something wrong with them or they're not it's because you haven't shown them why they need to do that for you guys to win and that's why these lessons get repeated over and over again and that's why it's so fun to listen to the stuff. When he says the eat it up, the first thing that popped my mind is, they feel like they have ownership, what they do matters, and if you think what you do matters, and you can actually understand how what you do matters, you as a CEO, you can kind of, you can leave, you don't need to be here anymore, you can pack it up and let your people go to their thing, and a lot of times, I don't have time to explain, you have to make the time to explain it because if your people make that connection, it makes your life so much easier because they feel like they own this. Well, and actually that reminds me of what I was thinking, sure, yes, we would like if you work hard, work out hard, true, you'd like to be doing single beating, but even like daily doing the same thing every day, sitting down, every day, like all that kind of stuff, it jams up your joints as well. But again, going back to Gracie, can Shamrock, it's, that's the example where it's like, oh, if they're good foot locks back then, we're such a cheat move, like such an easy, like short cut, you kind of move that you surprised people. I'm just saying because it's one of those things, you know, an ongoing kind of question mark like, Oh, you're like, yeah, you know, how valuable is saying subscribe to the podcast. And then when you're like younger, potentially at the top of that hill, but the hill is so long that you can let these things slide for so long that on the way down, you kind of know, yeah, sure, I'm letting my health kind of slide, but it's not like code read. Who is covering who is concealment, meaning like if I know that Dave will back me up in the deepest sense of word, but echo, he'll like stick up for me a little bit, but then he's going to bow down to whatever. And so they think it's sometimes like, hey, no, I understand what a good leadership is like and and they think they are applying it, but they don't realize that hey, I've got to keep addressing this over and over and over again. And you know, some teams, they pass the ball more or they run the ball more or some, you know, some, know huddle that's like some huddle that's hard to do. That's uh, there's just, and there's a slight difference between because as long as that plan isn't contingent on like the fact that you went because just a little while ago, we're talking about, you know, the idea that, okay, my whole comprehensive plan, every move, like one, the next move is dependent on you executing the first move. So these are almost these are like these minor things that almost become values right to use your code words every single time to conserve your ammunition every single those are almost like values that you have dig in at protracted holds. But you kind of would think, like on paper or whatever, that like you could get to the point, you could at least predict, okay, look, I'm going downhill. I way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way. It's like, well, and actually know who did a lot of, you know, who did a number of foot locks to finish people. You got to know what the Japanese machine gun sounds like because if you know, if you see where that Japanese machine gun is, it's on their flanks or it's in their strong points. You would think that you would think that the things that we talk about, the things that we teach, the things that we teach to, the military, the things that we teach to, the business world, the things that we teach to law enforcement, you would think that the things that we teach, which we are literally reading from the book, that's whatever, 70 years old. Right, that's the last thing you say is, once the cans are in the store, people are definitely going to buy it because I like the way this tastes. Like five, like you'll, all you've been taxed like, hey, just through up a four. You know what leads to victory and combat, and therefore you know what leads to victory and business, and you know what leads to victory in life, don't hesitate, don't wait, now is the time to implement. Your people, the ones that aren't camouflaging their faces or recognizing the sounds of those machines, not only do they not know what they're supposed to be doing because more than likely nobody's ever explained it or taught it to them they also to understand why it's important with the significance of it and if we do this as a team we are going to win and if we don't we're going to lose. And if they don't understand that it's how we're going to keep the company floating, how we're going to move forward, and this is exactly what the numbers look like, and this is why we need to make this decision. But anyway, whatever side you're running and right side left side, whatever, there's no like, there's no like, oh, we always run to the right side. So he'll like just be brand like we're not training any place and nothing like that. Because I know the thought that's why, you know how someone's like, hey, I'm not getting any younger. Like there's positions like that, but then if you don't know about them, you can ask somebody, okay, what's up position? Did you know that if you sleep with your knees together on your side, it kind of like puts weird pressure like on your hips and your knees? And I, I'm a big fan of Echo sports and allergies, but the win, even if you think like the team that wins the Super Bowl, you know what they want to do as soon as they win the Super Bowl. Let's not get it, let's not let it get to the point and something that can, that allows us to let it slide more is you got some kind of like your finger a little being up, right? It's like, no, it's not an offense for like, I don't know, 10 minutes, 20 minutes or whatever. Yeah, even like even like the high ground right, we always hear that and I probably don't understand this. But you know, like they do such hardcore fundamental like stuff. Because if you're going to know huddle, no huddle, and then the defense, like, oh, we're ready for the no huddle. Really, hopefully you won't, you know, and that's what I think some of the old foot lock guys or people, they'll be like, Oh, I'll just jump for for locks. Because you're going to fire up your, you know, your artistically, you're like, oh, man, this one really came together. And then that's a good example is one of one of these things that, you know, When you create a whole system around like foot locks, for example, that you start to eliminate all the risk factors that come with it. Like how it is like Dean had so early on, you know? Like he starts going to spazz out sort of moving like crazy. I won, but, you know, like the real champion is going to get back to work immediately. Where it's like, just like how you, you're going to give me your truck to change the oil. But if you're like, hey, and actually you kind of taught me this what the tying the shoes thing, you know? And that was kind of a micro example of like, juggle closest they will build, but I'm going to reach out to Bill on Monday and we're going to keep looking So you know, like when they do those demonstrations, you know, it's all just the basic, the fundamental Gracie just to find out. You know, four is like your general perfection, you know? And you know, sometimes I think to myself, you know, I mean, we kind of get the idea, right? It doesn't feel like code read for like a long time. It's not like they're like, okay, let's dance a little with some new age stuff. And then he, you know, Dave walks in the office and in Echo says, what happened in Dave says, well, you know what, I actually need to perform a couple things. Just like I said, if it's like so effective on to just do it all the time, well, because it probably has more risks. And if you need more, if you can't live without some more of my thought threatening theories, or you'd like to hear some of echos, obtue opinions, or maybe you'd just like to hear one more of Dave's enthusiastic allegories, and you can find us on the interwebs on Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook. yeah, when you're not in it, you know what the right thing or the wrong thing to do is we just make that mistake all the time. You know, so it's like there's another play called the reverse, right? If you can remember those three little things that little triangle of decision making, it's going to put you in the right place way more often than if you lose either one any of those three. And it said, like, my dad talked, no, like, dad talks about part value of hard work. I know where you know, I haven't talked to you in a few weeks, but here's what's going on. And one of the things they'll say is like, listen, we don't really know how to do leadership training. Means like, hey, we got an operation that's going to be coming up. You know, like little flavors, same thing. Like my whole, you don't remember how it feels like back in the day, but let's just face it. Now look, part of this is because that trust that Leif did have and Seth St. think like, hey, we're going to go get after it. Think if you did if you were a jungle fighter and you did all these things all the time that's the way you operate your survivor ability is going to be infinitely larger than someone that doesn't do these things. They're also the things that your people need to know because those are the things that they need to do so you can win. Because it's easy to sit back and think well obviously you should know what this machine gun feels sounds like He's like, man, we really had a big impact and I'm like ashamed because if he didn't really see that, how in God's name could one of his frontline guys see it. So when you look at something in a strategic way like Syria, what your assumption has to be, you have to, you have to go through that whole thing as if your error box never got reset. Sometimes it's like you say, hey, their ego gets in the way they want to look weak and we pull them back and give them that detachment they're perspective. The other cool thing analogy here is when you start doing Gigiitsu, you know, you get through that point where you realize how much you don't know. So what we were talking about actually was Syria and you go into Syria and you think, hey, we're going to do this little thing in Syria and it will have this impact and we'll be good to go.