That's kind of why I kind of said it because I might have came off like a character and I might come off like a little bit of a character right now. Jungle boots, pistol belt harness, first aid packet, pill kit, heavy and sharp canteens with waterproof purification tablets, smoke grenades, compass survival kit, individual pistol, submachine gun and sought off M79 weapon signal mirror panel, strobe light, pan flare with flares, ammo pouches, rucksack with reinforced straps, rations, weapons cleaning kit, maps, poncho and liner, can opener, p38 or knife with can opener, waterproof matches, insect and leach repellent jungle sweater, RT10 survival radio, pen light, six foot of nylon cord, parachute suspension cord, Swiss seat, two snap links, notebook and pencil, two plastic bags, fragmentation white phosphorus and gas grenades, two crevat bandages, gloves, claymore, serum, the team will need to carry a camera and film binoculars, ANPRC 25 radio, or as you call it a prick 25 with extra battery M14 toe popper mines and booby traps, anti-intrus and device wire taps and equipment for prisoner snatches. Well, even there, it wasn't like direct, it would be like, you know, when you go get to an A camp, learn about the country to people and there's projects, don't volunteer, because of the people are dying. But hopefully this will provide some encouragement, you know, just to do this section of the book and man, it's just like every single time I start reviewing what you guys did in Vietnam. And then things happen like what's going on right now and 9-11, and the wars and Iraq and Afghanistan, and you start realizing, no, no, we're unfortunately going to play. And when you got on to a, when they, when you know when, when the mission is go out and walk down this road, you might think you're being on offense, but if you think about it a little bit deeper, you're on defense, because you're walking down that road, and they can have booby traps and IEDs and snipers and mortgurs, they can have all that stuff If you're, if you feel like maybe you've broken like echo has, you're going to hang one of these things up. You know, the special forces guy just, you know, they like that. You got to get this book because the details that it gives, I don't know how he's got a way better memory than me, right? So when you say your wire taps are part of the list of stuff, they guys have one, do it like a little apparatus or something like that. And I know that when I did Lewis Polar, Jr.'s book on here, fortunate son and he's rotating between three areas and you know like one of them was bridge security. Took care of the other details well then and Cowboy going on and poor Cowboy getting hit the second time like that. And at this point, they're going to look like they're going to get some progress. You know, like the set up, hey, we're going to go in there. That's one of the things that, you know, when I was in Ramadi, I'd always read the book about face, you know, by David Hackworth and one of the things that was so similar was what just happened right there. Like John Stryker, Meyer, and like Doug L'Eternot Lynn Black was an Army soldier, a green beret, and he fought Vietnam as a member of SAUG, the studies and observation group, a highly classified group that conducted missions in Vietnam, Cambodia, and L'AVS. My commanding officer of one time, you know, he's, he was talking me through an operation that the guys were going out on. Because for me, sometimes my experience seems like it was a long time ago and sometimes it seems like it was yesterday. Lock Howa, the zero one Vietnamese team leader, orders the recon team Alabama to fire a full magazine just off the ground level to suppress enemy fire. The reason I ask you that is because when I think about what a young, um, American male mind is like, it's like this. So I don't know if he started to design it that way and then named it the shark fan and then made it look more like a shark fan. The history and then um procedures then like our commoclass you sat down here in that class for eight to ten hours just taking commo and uh land navigational kinds of different things like that. You know, you know, you know what a one up guy is. And they do, you know, I'm skipping forward, you know, and look, as I said before, to get the rest of the details just by the book and read it. First, because the shark fan shorts has like a pocket on it that kind of looks like a shark fan. So you can hide behind, you know, little ridge line or a little nole or something like that. It's not like, and by the way, when you when you leave that body, you're not saying, oh, we're never going to do anything. Yeah, and the fact that, you know, he's he's saying in the beginning when they inserted like they should have left immediately. I took just, you know, well, I don't know if you know this. You get a better, you get a very good feeling of the whole kind of deployment when he's going into town and he's, there's all kinds of shady kind of CIA stuff going on in there that he's wrapped up in. You know, we're like steeping in a bunk beds or whatever to make sure no one attacks seal team one. And that was definitely how I felt on my first deployment, same thing I would ask like young junior officers, I'd say, is this an offensive operation, I talk about a direct action mission and downtown Baghdad, I've shown a profile of a mission. And we could think about metal of honor that had been awarded where nothing like what then was up against getting knocked out all that time on a job, patched up his own people, and then leading them out. And he says something like, hey, chip, it's you know, hey, chip. It sounds like this was an operation that was so significant that it required a like an on-site special debriefing. We've got to break contact, I yell at the team, continuing down the line, emptying magazine to the NVA fall, like targets in a shooting gallery. The seal teams were like, you know, want to be an operator. And we're going to be going to get my 20th-th-th-thew websites going to be upgraded here to the next month or two. And that's very similar to Iraq you know very similar to Iraq where many much of the time guys be out there they just get blown up by an idea or you can hit by mortifier you can hit by sniper fire. They're like, I don't feel like I'm in a breaking point in any capacity. I was going to be the first time when I got out the first time and went home. We also have EF online, which listen, if you're wondering, hey, how can I, I'd really like to know this, my thing from Joccov. So that's his first tour of duty and it's crazy to think he's saying hey I don't even think I ever saw the enemy during that and he's got his brother wounded. This is like every like, Jocco saying, you may have four or five planes and they fly over everything's all bombs are dropped. But that team right there, that moment in time when the team's doing it went out together, that's all that training that they had prior. And you know, when he, when he finally came back to base, like a dare to let it go, they had to go patch him up. I'm talking like a woman or like the shrink. Those guys were doing a freaking doing God's work up there, especially in a case like this, dropping Nae Palm to save these guys. Like, you know, he knows he didn't do a good job. It's like, this is not going to be a good day. I know this is a lot of material but we want you to know what you're volunteering for. We're going to strip their bodies and we're going to leave them because if we try and look, anybody that hasn't ever carried a freaking, another human being through rough terrain, you have no idea. We've been more casualty and the, and the king be like, like, what lint just described. If you want to hear me talk to you, if you want me to come and talk or present to your team, you don't have to go to, you don't have to Google, jockel speaking. Like a new guy, you're going to stand watch. And you know what, before we go on, I just want to go back to this because it's a, it's a little bit of a point of contention in the book. And those are like, Ben tram is like these organizations. I take notes I can remember while packing to move now going through a fine of some of my old notes back there's like So the guy's basically going, look, we know it's a bad target. And everyone else out there think of the incredible odds that these Sog soldiers went up against and they did it time and time and time again in those forgotten jungles on those forgotten hills in that forgotten world. When you think about these times, was it seem like a long time ago? With that look, we've been going for three and a half hours or something like that. And there was kind of some time where you feel like, how much are we really a part of history that people will be reading about? You have no idea look and you can say, I'll pick up my bow pick up echo right now and I'll run, you know, across the parking lot or whatever, run 100 yards. And to have, you know, what you guys did was, you know, that's my heritage. On an on it went war zone C and D the iron triangle, op plans new life and smash and December search and destroy and convoy security along with blocking force missions that first tour of duty rolled on much the same way as it did the first six months until specialist fourth class Lynn M black junior got promoted. Yeah, they, in the Korean War, all those times when that's like the most horrifying thing is all those times when they were to get these human assaults, human wave assaults towards their positions. It's like Lin and my case, we have been going through all our training for all those months. I know from experience kids like this. Every day we heard phrase like if I wanted to sit on my ass all day in the classroom I'd join the air force. We hear our all very proud to work with men like you and your Alabama team. I know you can't hear what the guy's on the ground are saying because they're on the ground and they're not lying to sites so you wouldn't be able. So it was like one tenth of my base pay where you guys were getting almost double your base pay. Mission three is training and dispatching agents in the North Vietnam to in the North Vietnam to run resistance operations called black psychological operations such as establishing false national NVA broadcasting stations inside North Vietnam and yellow psychological operations as typified by the hue, the way Citadel propaganda transmitter mentioned earlier. Sounds like they're going to make us into a bunch of clerks. And it's just, every time you send me a text message that says Airborne, it gives me enough motivation to get through like six weeks of mayhem. If you remember, I read this part where he says we continue maneuvering our way through the high thick underbrush toward the primary LZ, leaving behind the stripped bodies of our point man, Howa and our one zero Jim Stride. So here's Lynn, like, oh, you're going to go to Ben Hoa. He'd be heading out and he'd high five you know the other platoon commander and you know the guy'd say Did you, did you, when you were going through that moment, did you have any like hesitation? And behind door number two, it's got to sound to hell of a lot better than wondering where you're going to spend the night king cracks a smile. Now, your kids are going to like it too, whether it's that one or the where your kid mall which there is. You should do is you should go to the radio room tomorrow or when you when we get off and go tell you want to be a radio man because the radio man always goes on operations. I think I got 110 in like 1990. That's crazy that you guys got that much money for going to Airborne School. Or, and I'm going to ask you this, does it seem like both? The helicopter's in the jungle and then like you said with the A1 Skyraders, the key to their success was how low they made their gun runs. And even there, like the whole thing with the flag and experience one zero would have gone but said no, we're out of here. In terms of really learning what was going on on the ground, the air assets, weather, and the reality of the Kingbees would be worked with at the time. When someone goes outside that perimeter from the team to go gather ammo, the other guys are laying down fire to protect that guy. It's also cool because we'll get both of you guys on here because, you know, he writes about some of the same missions you guys were on together. You could do what you got to do to once you get your forces assembled and you can get more guys and you can get the right air covering all that stuff. After what seems like a long time, I turn and look at the one one. Because it's going to like both of those. I'm not doing this very well, but this is this is Lynn Black kind of explaining, hey, Bulldog ordered the pilots make another two to make another pass and the pilot said, no, I'm not going to do it. It's like, even in my best day, I don't think I would have thought of that. You know, echo, it's, you know, we're sitting here. oh my god I figure all about that that's like I got it out of my mind. The aircraft is so close to the team we can hear the distinctive metallic click-click of the Nae Palm canister being released from the second World War A1E. The Skyrader appears to be falling, but actually it slips down into the valley to escape gunfire as helicopters and fast movers have maneuvered earlier. But you got, but when we covered across the fence and on the ground, you, you and Lynn work together for how long, how long were you guys actually working together? Mandolin asked to talk with Bulldog who said he was going to continue with the mission. And yet they said, hey, you guys are going to do 25 missions. And the guy that answers the guy that's in the air about to give Organs form is like one of his buddies. Like I said, if you, whatever shirt you want, what? Today it's not going to, today it's going to end with us. My the guy that was teaching us to it because there's people that were pushing back like we don't need to learn more scoat And it seems like maybe we're not always part of history, maybe the 90s, right? Like I said before, I thought he was hit and took charge. We're putting off all this stuff, like not worrying about it right now. If I'm going to fight in a war, I want to see the enemy. Red and green traitors fill the air moving like rush hour traffic lights.