Like, it's not like a little deer, like, I don't like, you know, when you watch, like, you know, when you watch like, bam, be these deer's, they're just so, so, like, fragile these things in and out. And you can kind of, especially if you just know the general story where you open up wherever and you're like, okay, and you can get the, you know, like some of them, you're like, all shoot, I shouldn't read this part because not only will it might, it might not make sense, but you know, you kind of should read the beginning first. It's just, like, you know, like, when you think of like, who, you know, these people, whatever kids, they're like, And I feel like in this Elk scenario too, where, man, it's kind of like if you get one, that's like, that's like a big deal, you know? So if when you're consuming your energy drink of death, like saying all this stuff like Dang bro, like I don't even know because I used to like energy drinks. You know how like people like when you get when you get, um, like, trainers, they'll be like, hey, you need to start with your core. Can you imagine those words like high ground starting to really like come, like seeing it and seeing like, oh, that's cover, that's important. Like, you know, when you grab a lizard or just a small animal, like, how strong a small animal is, compared to a human right for, like, pound for pound. You know, like let the, you'll tell a story and then the, like the story, the significance of stories like the lesson. It was called like a lot of people make this kind of video like if energy drink, like to advertise is where honest. But in real life, like, a wild animal, like, a elk, for example, but when you go up to it, you're like, brother, that thing is for us. yeah, if you approach the book that it is this, it is, I'm reading this book for the lesson like as it applies to me today, you know, so you can kind of look to it. You know, whenever I read things like this, you know, or not whenever, but sometimes I just kind of get curious. Would you like to do a blur for the back, meaning a little quote in the back of the book saying, you know, something this is a great book. But you start to get, I mean, I haven't been right up to one a while to one, but as you kind of can see them close to you, like, man, the things kind of intimidating just how like capable it is. You know, like, so these elk's like, they get kind of big. And while I didn't know what I didn't know, I could sense there was a gap between what we learned about tactics and what I truly needed to know in order to effectively lead men into combat. It's not like a book where you've got to read 20 pages to be like, get something out of it. You know, like, I'll do this thing where you kind of, kind of go back in time in a way. You know, compared to what, the average elk can sprint up a hill, like it's nothing, like it's nothing. And, you know, your favorite book, all this stuff, and then to think back then now, yeah, and a few years, I'm going to be writing the forward to a rerelease of this book right here. Like it feels like almost like a shariot. So to explain this little bit, you know, a tank has like the big gun that you think of a tank. You know, like, you don't realize that, you see it on a YouTube video, or something like that. And so someone started pulling the string and doing the research and trying to figure out where this was all coming from, why are they're selling this book that hasn't sold in, you know, in 30 years or close to 40 years, 35 years, it hasn't, you know, hasn't been a huge seller. And you know, how like when you send a picture, somebody will say, delivered, you know, didn't say delivered. So the book, the original book came out in 1989, so it started to sell and it actually started to sell a lot like a lot of copies, which doesn't happen. But I always have this weird, like subconscious, almost feeling that, like, oh, this is going to be gone immediately. But it's probably pretty similar feeling for him, you know, of this book that he really, he got a lot of his thought from this book. For like a long time, like, later that day, I looked in. So then you think what's that like when this thing weighs 800 pounds, you know, you think, because they're exponentially stronger than weak humans. I see the connection, not just like all of a sudden I started drawing those same connections in all these other books that I would read, but it started with this one, which is, and I don't know why. You know, in leadership strategy and tactics, I went through this whole the book, the book leadership strategy and tactics. Yeah, like kind of like the Bible almost. It's like, uh, like when when Jaco was born, the doctor turned to his parents and said, It's a man. So, I said, I'm going to ask a question, what's the, what's the, what's the, what's the, what's the, what's the book, yeah, and so through all this, through all these mentions of the book and talking about the book, it started to sell. But I wanted to cover some more of the book right now and look, the book is massive, you know, it's 800 and something pages. And the guy and his like this official guy and he's saying like all this stuff. It's like that part kind of makes it surreal, even for like me. And the same thing, that was kind of a dead book and all of a sudden, you know, this popular guy comes to start talking about it and then they re-released it and who wrote the forward. Like you not getting one, and I don't even know about Elk hunting, by the way. Like I'll be walking on this just like, Oh man. I was like, Bro, he's talking about all this like poison and stuff. And someone in their department, you know, in whatever they have a department, it's like archived books or, so there's some name for these type of old books, if they come back. And no one had any idea who I would, why, why would they know who I was or whatever, but he asked that, yes, you know, he asks asks the same bulk of questions, most of the time. And so I kind of mentioned it there, you know, maybe some people got their interest peaked about the book then. I'm a tiger, or I'm a lion and it's like, yeah, obviously, you know, lions are, for us just sure. He was doing all these things, all these leadership things that you have to do as a leader in order to build relationships and make good decisions and knowing a bit like all that stuff. You know, like that kind of. Hacworth sites this principle again and again with statements like, quote, while the others laid down a good base of fire or tying down the enemy while providing a base of fire. Everyone's in a wild, maybe, like, if they're, you know, involved in certain actions. But, well, you know how strong, like, let's say a lizard. Like, fric, this is like, this might be something serious. It's like it just, it's like a desire to just be. So they pulled the string on it and investigated, and eventually found me and said, hey, you know, we're, we're going to re-assure this book.