I was even thinking about your explanation of the previous chapter of the inspection of your range safety program, and you like, hey, I kind of sure to made this a priority, and I'm like, man, I'm not here to say, I want to be really careful, like you said, like, what he's saying is right, but I honestly don't think I ever inspected anything. And I think that's the kind of the transition that you see, you know, someone like General Clark making towards the end of his careers, look, hey, this is General ship, you want to lead by suggest new one after barc orders of people. Telling you, hey, once every three months I'm going to come and inspect 40 items and it's going to take eight hours and you're going to be standing at a period rest of the whole time or I'm going to come down once a week. So for those of you who don't know, you got a fire team leader, you got a squad leader, you got a platoon leader, and then you get to a company commander or even a task unit commander. So I wasn't sure how much I was going to get into this whole inspection mode because what I don't want to do is create a bunch of leaders that are going out there becoming these inspection happy, you know, dig down hell, coming in and inspect you. Yeah, that was like a four minute evolution where I was we were, we were, I don't know, probably a third of the way into a really well, it's going to be a long podcast and I think, oh, well, I guess his leadership principles don't really mess up with mine. People got to know what people got to know with the chain of command. And then the common thread is he basically just captured almost all those things are things that we impose upon ourselves, which in some sense is like it's kind of crazy because as I dissect what he's saying and like, well, how much control do I have over that? If you're in a leadership role and you're inspecting your people, or if you want to take it to set further, if someone else is coming in, like the IG is this in the military, the IG is this other group, this inspector general group is another team that actually comes into inspect you. Not like, hey, there are components and I think you actually did a good job because, yeah, you know what, life happens You know, I never want people to think that the military is what the military is portrayed in boot camp, which is you're getting inspected all the time. If you want to learn about leadership or you want to help you want us to help get your leadership, get your company's leadership aligned and all singing off the same page and crushing. If you want to check out what Dave Burke looks like, you want to see us laughing at each other, making fun of each other, shaking, shaking our heads and being surprised and shocked and trying to figure things out. So I actually did inspections all the time, but I really couldn't think of a time that in my years in command where I did an inspection, this is an inspection, be prepared for that inspection. I would like to go further into this particular field and point out to you that I believe we have become an exact and in exact in the use of terminology because I was reading last night a memorandum which said that we teach leadership at the command and general staff college from the level of the division commander up. So how to inspect or turn on how to inspect civilians often think of a non-commissioned officer and officer as a demon inspector, a demon inspector, a good inspector is certainly not a demon, but good inspectors are not plentiful in the army or out of it. I think that as he looks back at his career, I got to remember this guy joined when he was when he was a kid and he was in a world war one and think about how things changed by his own admission in between the world war one and world. So I'm just going to assess somebody's going to measure or evaluate and we owe this to the squadron because if we can't do this, it's going to affect this and we're not going to fire points. So I didn't want to create, I don't want to pass on this idea that, hey, you guys got to be inspection, inspection freak. I've seen it done every way that you can think of in my career, but I would suggest to you that the best way to do it in the military organization is through a little exercise of what I call, is through the exercise of what I call little pluses of making a little progress in every field every day. I see this thing looking for things that are important, general integrity, and one set of blue moon are going, hey, can you come down here for a sec? If the things your people are doing wrong is a reflection of them and the things your people doing right is a reflection of you. And I spent enough time with him to make him know that those things were critical, even though I didn't know any of them individually the way he did. And yet a lot of those lessons that the civilian businesses, the lot of the things that they did to operate was based on military opportunities, a bunch of guys that got out of World War 2 and said, hey, this is what we should do. He also owes it to the people, inspect the privilege of being commended for the good things found as well as criticism for the things which are not up to standard. And as he got older and got better and got more experienced, I would think he'd say, this is what I should have done when I was a platoon commander, but I didn't. By selecting a new group of three or four items each week, he will over a period of time have covered all of them and by the time he comes to the end of the list, he will have really checked all the aspects of his responsibility and will become a master of his job, what is more at that time if he has been effective as an inspector, his responsibility will be carried out in a superior manner. It is carried on through the echelons of your command down to him and you become increasingly just an image to him, which you develop in several ways, but you get to the field of proper staff organization and staff relationship because that is very important, part of command or ship and general ship. And like if I've got it, if my gig is I've got to inspect you, that means I'm making some other kind of mistakes somewhere because should I have to inspect that your weapon is ready? I hope that I have impressed upon you that there is a technique and commander ship and general ship, techniques that are different from leadership, although the characteristics of the individual as to honesty and sincerity and all those other things are just as applicable. I have tried to lead your thinking through the transition from leadership to commander ship and general ship and to point out to you where in follow-up ship is very important in this process of your development. Continuing on, you came here to learn commander ship or general ship and that involves the proper organization and utilization of subordinate commanders and staffs to establish what you want done with your command. I never got to go to my admin department and said, hey, I want to look at the records and then say, oh, here you go, boss, and me say great job. I'm completely, I'm just, if I was, I want to just held out my, you know, get put my hands out to get cuffed, you know, like arrest me now. I should have had a good list and you know what's in this book, there's a thing in this book that talks about how you turn over with someone think, what do you get ready? And I'm trying to think of a way to say it without disagreeing with what he's saying until he got to the end, which was, hey, here's my job as a leader. Whether he announces beforehand the items that he is going to check each, you know, that hole for that hole conversation we just had, that's like something that we need to continue to talk about.