yes like you don't really have that like you don't have the you don't have the opposite you like you don't have that thing that tells you hey like don't do it like if you don't feel like doing it don't do it if you think it needs to be done so having that quality helps that kind of situation Like you're behavior changing because you don't feel like doing something got it like so be like I don't feel like it you're just going to the sucking part is just going to be part of the workout kind of thing and it's going to sort of get done so if you start thinking like that in the beginning like start asking yourself well. The only way they're ever going to know that is if their leadership makes that a priority, though, or else they're going to get stuck down there and their perspective of the world's going to get smaller and smaller, they're going to feel more and more disconnected and they're not going to understand it. Okay, so like consider like this is a close to like, and get it get to it is like a cinnamon added to the pumpkin pie kind of flavor. I'm going to start chipping and I can I can be persistent and I'm going to make progress you know what I don't know if this is like to the same thing And you put some task on me that it's like, well, that's just your idea like let's think so instead instead of like okay let's think through the whole thing really to understand what it takes to do it. but at the end of the day it's kind of like that's how we all are naturally right where if you see a big task or let's say you see like a goal right or something like this You know, that's what, and even if we're not going drinking, you know what, we're not going to we're not going to we're not going to war. At the time, I wasn't like, do you know I'm going to add this to like your bio when I talk about you? If I don't have if I only got one hour sleep like that's just not doable for me you know the fact that the fact is it is doable it's going to suck but if that's not a factering you're thinking then you're just going to do it And they like anchored the ship and they dove down and like cut the thing off and they kind of like helped. I'll do stuff all like organize little thing like oh man that's kind of messy right there. You still think I still kind of do you think that man, whatever I talked to till those guys, I remember asking till like, was it hard to, no, maybe it was it was Dick Thompson, I was like, was it hard because he volunteered for this volunteer for that The only thing I wrote down I wrote down before he said this is the good news and all this when he's talking about the challenge of making real difficult and realistic training people like hard training. If you want to see what echo Charles looks like, if you want to see what I look like, or you want to see some enhanced videos that echo puts his effort into allegedly. It's the similar thing of people that think, well, you know if I get into a fight, well, you know if I, well, you know if I, bro, I'll go full rage. They like hard training, they respond hard training and for whatever pushes you away from not wanting to make things difficult, that's actually what your people want. You know how I'm always like, you know, I mean, I literally have written books about putting your people out of you and take care of the people and all that. There's nothing that I'm going to find on earth to to attack that's infinite right there's no infinite thing that I can think of that I would look at is with a view of like okay here's something I want to do And so we got to brief, you know, that we did this thing, which was kind of, you know, at the time was pretty cool. So if we don't have even a goal of what good looks like, if we haven't written down what good looks like, how are we possibly going to get there. Like, and I've certain altitude or you got come on, did you kind of like, hey bro, I would love to tell you the coolest story in the world. Yeah, that that is really what it is it's like it's it's too big of a problem then I'm in the mood for it's like that kind of situation because you do this all the time even on a small level. Oh yeah big time even that an out of your right there the iceberg like I see it you're like So you've got to just train individuals basic unit training to improve the proficiency of crews teams and squads advanced unit training to integrate teams cruise and squads into small units combined arms training to integrate infantry armor artillery engineer and other supporting units into company and battalion. so like if you're about to work out and you're like man I got this hard workout There was also guys that were, you know, we ain't going or we ain't going or you were going drinking. You know, like the last seal puttune in early 70s, one of the 72 73 something like the last seal puttune, there's a couple more stragglers over there. And just like you described, I actually don't, I don't want my people to feel like they have to be obedient to me. It's like the, it's like when someone goes, you know, I just read. You know the whole idea like doing something even though you don't feel like doing it I rolled into the meeting and I had like a wheel book or whatever a little notebook and I had like four bullet points of things I needed to tell the guys. That's what it gets like, you know, the wrap for whatever it's a fall thing to seasonal thing. Yeah, the circumstances were, you know, during the day, I was scheduled for a night mission, just a pre scheduled mission that probably involved, you know, handful of airplanes doing operations Southern Watch, just kind of monitoring the airspace, which we did. If you've got time, you need to rest because there's going to be a time where there's not going to be rest. And and that's a weird place to come from it's a weird place to roll into the teams when you have these expectations like I had the I had the dumbest expectations, you know, I thought I was going to numb. Don't waste your people's time and if you actually want to apply decentralized command the best thing you can do with your time is train your people. Look, does it taste like pumpkin spice maybe I've never really eaten anything that tasted like pumpkin spice. oh well, you know, in the army you've got these guys and they're trained and they're selected and everyone's got this baseline of training. So anybody that's questioning, you know, even me, when I'm saying hey look you get some DNA coming from World War I, you get some of that, you get some of that feeling that he's sort of, hey listen, you know the rank structure important, you better do it yourself. You know, it was like, I don't know three minutes seven minutes. But there's, there's language in here when I hear you say it might kind of get that little like, oh, I don't like that. And the weapons and things like that, it was so much more about the culture of the mindset and the, and the, the recognition of ownership and leadership being the thing that's going to make unique. Yeah there's a there's a surface level way of looking at things and just seeing like what's on the surface and going hey. Yeah and then and at that point really at the end of the day like if you be honest with yourself you can come to a point and determine whether or not it's worth it like if you go down you're You know, so clearing rooms and in the beginning when you're taking a task unit through the instruction of room clearance is you know, you started a very fundamental basic level and guys are doing one and two man room entries. We're going to hang out with our family, we're going to go run some side business, we're going to go do other things besides just be a team guy. I walked in there and I told the guys what I need to tell them and then I walked out and like one of my bros was like dude you can prepare to this stuff And when we got back, we had to like brief the CO and the common ore about like what we did on deployment. And look, the whole time I'm reading this book and you and I had a funny conversation when I started sending you pictures of texts of like little sections of the book and you eventually sent me a text to just cover the whole thing. What I learned or looked back on in my, in my, the lessons of my first squadron, certainly learned something, I was like, hey, that's not the best way to run the system or the best way to move over your aircraft, but what I learned the most in retrospect was the leadership of those either good or bad. And so like I would get basically maybe take two platoons to do two different sections that kill us and one of the instructors would be a guy that would focus on really explaining things a lot going into a lot of detail. That's that's that is one cool thing that you hear from guys that worked as Buds instructors is the attitude of like, hey, this, do I want this guy in a pool team with me? So all of a sudden, he just went from like, look, you got to take care of those other things, you got to get it. You've got to train the individual, then you've got to train that next level team, then you've got to integrate them with the other teams, then you've got to get all those teams working together. No doesn't exist there's nothing that I'm going to do that's an infinite task look at we could we say it's infinite that we want to continue to learn yes that's an infinite thing is it infinite that we want to try and. This is this iceberg is way bigger than we thought and it's kind of not worth it or and goal isn't worth all that what we're going to expand you know think about your difference in mentality though.