But on top of it, it's like sometimes we like, like, even you'll be like, hey, put this on a t-shirt or I'll be like, you know, like suggesting, like a t-shirt and it's a good, it's a fun, good idea or cool or cool. I feel like motivation is like kind of there's like short term in long term and you know like I was thinking of something very specific at the time where you know people get mad when they get angry at something that motivates them like super hardcore but only short term and then if somebody someone's the opposite if someone's really happy or I don't know thankful or whatever that keeps them sort of motivated long term. Whoever's making their smart people, like, you know, how you can, you know, some jokes are like, brother, that's like not even a, it's like a cheap joke that's not funny. I mean, you need people that are going to clean the, the toilets, you know, you got, you got some, you know, you got a people that are going to, and look, these are what we, this is what I did when I got the military, right? Like, you got, okay, you got most improved, then you got like hardest worker or something like that, you know, how you never get that one? You're at best you're going to have like even when you're doing your work up, you run in that work up is, work up is probably even worse because work ups, you know, the flying schedule shifts are on a bunch to get all these different calls, but you I would say routinely the best you're ever going to get is half your squadron there at any given time. If some of those were like, for some solid work you did on this little thing, that you thought maybe wasn't that huge of a deal, but you did some good work in people saw what you did and you were like, hey, hey, look, you didn't save the world, but you did really good with that little, whatever you did. Yeah, the late times I'll tell you, hey, I'm late because of this specific reason or whatever, but that's already, but nonetheless, like that is I agree with you where you're wasting other people's time people are waiting for you like that's it's it's kind of inexcusable in a way. The reason I didn't say anything when you, when you read that, because I had a little like, is I'm going to listen what General Clark has to say before I get to me, but that at, on its face, though, when you said that, my first thing was was, oh, okay, I don't think that's right, but I'm, obviously he's going to say something about it, but we get this question and business all the time. Yeah, you know, when you're like in elementary school and you have like the award for most improved, that's like kind of alleviates that issue, right? Like, you know, when you get like, you know, MVP of the football game, it's always the same guy, the quarterback, whatever the guy in, you know, you obviously depends on the game. You know, whether it's like when I'm starting to write a book like I know what that book is, I know the end state Like, that's okay as opposed to, hey, we got to get this paperwork going or this, whatever other thing going on is so he might have been out in front of the curve for all I know for the, for the era that he was in saying, it's okay from the general down in the private, is it shut down normal ops to go to the unit. So this is just, you know, you just kind of prescribes this weird like four mile walk that everyone's going to go on, which tells me earlier when I said they weren't that working out wasn't really like a thing. And like you get measured all these odd measurements like angled or like elbow to wrist, like angled to knee. I know I tried, but the cool thing was, you know, my commanding officer at the time was like, you know, that makes sense. I think if you if you imagine like a corporation, like a giant corporation and division size corporation with whatever 10 or 15,000 people and they were going to start a physical training program, this might be an okay program. There's something you said I was thinking about in my contrast between aviation, my time in a fighter squadron versus my time in Anglicore, which is kind of the biggest contrast is, and I don't know how it is elsewhere, but the infantry or the ground units when I was with them have a kind of pre-regimen like their days and it's kind of a typical workday, whereas a fighter squadron operates 24 hours a day. And eventually we made a deal where we gave ourselves like a waiver to be five minutes or eight minutes late because if you were going to be there at two o'clock in order to be there at two o'clock, you had to show up at one and drive or and so we were just like, you know what? Like if you, like, you know, you're like, I can come up with this true though. and they're like, hey Halloween party, you know, there's going to be, I don't know, 100 people. And so if you connect the idea of thinking in and states around your people and also letting your people know, you're not going to fly off the handle, and jump right in, they're starting to micromanage them when they get these little hiccups, these little deviations, because you actually in your mind, Joko, haven't thought about all the things that happened between here and here. And we and we can solve those things, too, using the exact same approach, which is if you have that attitude as a leader, when your people run into problems, then I'm not going to be pan-extricking about what is the boss going to think, because he's going to say, I expect those things happen. So as you're thinking, I was laughing because you know, when you're talking about even the way you're saying NAM like anybody in the NAMS, the NAMS is like this thing. You know, like why am I going to prepare like take 30 minutes to prepare this and prepare that for something that I don't have to be there at that. When you start talking about people that are in the lowest scoring brackets of the, of the AzVab, like they can't get in the military, but they're also not going to be applying for a job with that's going to take some some high level cognitive abilities. They weren't like, oh, you're just going to, you, there was some gunfire near, but no, like these guys were in 18 fire fights, and they got a name with the V. I don't know what you, it'd be like one of those um, you ever see those TV physical competitions where they're doing all these up, like you'd run the obstacle course, then you would do berm runs, but you would be in a little team. And maybe, I don't know, maybe I'm my experience, which is nothing, but in my experience, is like under appreciated or whatever, like not flying off the handle and things go wrong. His point, I understand his point though, and the idea that I'm going to write that person office unwilling to do it, to me, it was more like, how much of my, how much energy am I going to devote to try to find the way that gets you to our need to be? When I got the seal teams, I was cleaning toilets, but then you, you're, you're going to move up and you're going to move on, but at some place you need some people that are going to have some pretty fundamentally non-high cognitive skill requirement jobs. And that just helps them get used to how operating together, what people are like, what it's like for that leader, what how that leader relates to the troops, how the troops relate back to the leader, you train, how you operate, you work, how you train. Hey, like Dave's in his aircraft and he's like wait a second go a little bit further to the right go a little bit further to the left. So that 97% is, I think actually correct not all, but I think it's point two is like, hey, if you're in charge of people and they're not, they're not up to standards, you need to spend most of your time figuring out what you're doing wrong. But I'll tell you what, as a taller guy, a taller dude and there's, you know, when you get into an airplane that somebody else has flown and they're on the shorter side, you get in your, you're, you're, you know, it's like being in the back seat of a car and you immediately have to push those pedals all the way back because the dude in front of you is way shorter than you. But I feel like, I know, but I feel like I was kind of that guy. Like I think the way my mind works, I think in end states and everything else to me is just sort of this almost like an annoyance of reality. But we can't just start like you said, just throwing these shirts on like or whatever, but the idea of, you know, so these ideas for shirts that they, they're doable. You know, okay, it's coming right, you know, like really kind of micromanaging you're driving situation. but when you see guys flying planes and doing all that stuff, you don't really understand like what you're going through physically in there, you know, right? And the word, the guys in the middle, you do run that risk big time, where it's like the guys in the middle is like, So all right, so we're going to just going to jump past like all the whole thing about the doing you're working out. And this is what's weird, you know, he he oscillates between these sort of like, everyone should be, you know, how do we control the man and he literally says in that earlier chapter the the middle group is easier to control For things I don't care about, you know, like like that. So in every time it's like, hey, you know, we're going to go this route. I mean, he talks about your focus being making the people that are, he's basically saying you got a really good people, middle people and bad people. And I think we actually got like they gave us like two more guys. Like if you don't train people and you don't live like this, then you won't get good at it. So on the flip side and this is all in the spirit of getting down to the whole late thing because I agree with you at the end of the day and if you think if you really be honest, like I'm not late, really, you know, anymore. When these are all from the 90s, it'd be like, you know, petty officer willing ran an outstanding, you know, good, communications course. Well, here's the thing, but that's a perfect point right there because if there, if a spot name and a regular participation trophy name is the same sort of thing, then it's like, oh, wait, you got to differentiate those two because if you're, you're saying you got to five. And a lot of this you know he's talking he's literally talking about like are there going to be power sources available. I think that that's the case for some of us that like, no, man, when you're mentally exhausted, I mean, sure there are some circumstances, but as a general sort of way and approach to working on, and no, man, I don't know if I can get there quite yet. So Navy achievement medal is like, you know, it's sort of like, it's a, it's a strong pat on the back. And technically a lot of times there's a minute, maybe if you set you were one of those people, if you set your watch like five minutes fast, you probably be on time all the time. If you could recognize people for that, in this leadership little system you're trying to create is, it's really good to recognize people for the work that they do when they do it as opposed to, well, we just sort of have this process that by these wickets or these little checkpoints you get recognition, which over time sort of undermines the value of it. All right, we're good because I know what I know where this is going to go. Can you train for the, like, let's say you did a disassociated tour and you weren't flying for 18 months and now you knew you were going back to a squadron you were going to be flying. Now even if you think about something as stupid as this podcast of me being like echo, can you make a podcast and you're like, well, let me go figure it out. I got asked one time I was in my first deployment to Iraq and my boss is like, what information do you need and how much time do you need to launch on a mission? I think it's very short like five one five two, you know, you can accommodate someone that short and I think I've known guys that are six five six six flying fighters. Like, I don't have a fear of making the wrong move if we both know where we're sort of going. And one of the most, like one of the opening scenes is they're telling him, hey, you know, right, right your address on this postcard and write a message to your family. And so wherever we're going to get there, it's like an annoyance to me and it's an annoyance of reality because of where my mind is what I'm thinking about where we're going. and I didn't an org like that with 16 guys and it was really hard because you have a, you have a boat party of guys and then you have like a radio man. He's like, cool, I know what, you know, whatever. And then somewhere like you got to be, whoever thought of that made that joke up is like a smart, funny person. You know driving with you, you're just like whatever takes it here, whatever kind of thing and that's a good move.