I bet, you know, like it the, when we went out the mission, everybody know, even the Pentagon or even, you know, that the, you know, here corner, Asia, it's course in Saigon, the Noisia. Because the Vietnam War, when a situation like it, you know now, the marionor, you know, course guard, you know, like infantry, you like airborne. So imagine that, like, or like, you know how like your your furniture will be moved just a little bit and you walk in, like, you know, have a little home office, whatever, and there's this couch. And, you know, no like people, but in North Vietnam, they only, you know, know like by the combination. I don't know because I was young, but understand up to that that a communist wanted to kill everybody and they want to collect, you know, property from their citizen to be, you know, like at the communist party. And you know, my man, actually, you know, my, on behalf of my father, you know, most of him, like a toned guy, cow, everybody in my village, in the county. When we gotta go, we know, we gotta go, Cambodian, Thailand, and Vietnam, the border, we know situation from them. Before you came cowboy, what let's go back to your, you know, where you're from, where you grew up, what that, what that was like, a lot of, a lot of Americans, we don't know what that's like growing up in Vietnam. They give me some time of free because they know they knew I was from the shopman, at O. Z for free, the envires, because they got a gun, but they don't know how to do. Until I got, you know, like a, I got stroke 15 years ago. To even if you don't necessarily want to think of it in terms of like, oh, there's an enemy out there, you know, literally, or even figuratively, if you don't necessarily want to think about that part of it all the time, it's it has to do with capability because enemy that can be anything if you want to go metaphor. And you American, you know, situation, you know, not like with the American, and Vietnamese, or whatever, I'm no, I'm better than the people from the north. But in order, you know, to, because like a you and me right now, I cannot, you know, live you alone. And they should route us by the rocket by the mission on Codding and the NVA thought, you know, like at the, the chopper know where they are. You can kind of see and imagine really kind of what's going on and what like everyone went through and how it was being like in a different culture, you know, and with military and stuff I can tell you the first thing in the air that you know when the black dial, you know the water in the jungle. Like a root shock, like a web gear, who got it, like a hundred pounds, or more than a hundred pounds, right? So when they came down to the south to see our family, they don't have nothing, but they still say, we got a TV over the town, we got a whole got a thing, but they have nothing. You know how do we here we still you know understand we training well we training good Whatever, you know, like it, when I got shot, my, my wife say, co-nive and one that's saying, hey, don't do it. I believe so, but in my shy, I hear, you know, the communist want to talk over the US because they mess up, you know, the water. When we drop out, you know, that a plain algae, we got to move to the jungle right way to hide. And then I got to go, watch in Tandisi, I got to go, you gotta keep moving. But no, if I if I drink like two over the course of a podcast, like I will not feel like what I imagine, cocaine feels like. So many, so many learning from, I don't know how to tell you, but you know, you did a pretty good job. When we don't have a radio but when I shot it the people understand I'm safety and then quang they got to run to my way we rejoin there with the hell you got to sign. And then we went there, but, you know, the, you know, the sun glow, right? Yeah, we understand that check the communist, you know, very afraid to airplane, even to get a big gun or they got a tank. You know we get you know the way the 15 the the form. You know that feeling, so it's like it almost does feel like a little bit of a sense. We got to like a tan, you know, boxed off the baller. That time, you know, we cannot, we can, we can use it, you know, medication. And I'm thinking about, you know, what I'm trying to do to pay back the people, you know, did to my father. He got to go, you know, to pick up the who's the bad guy or who's the good guy. We don't know how we'll know the water in the jungle. Because I was later on, you know, I know he ran a lot of missions. And the thing, you know, we, I don't know how to tell you. And we, we understand that we, we, we, we, we thought, you know, they might not, might not know. And I believe, you know, up to that he pick up the student to become, you know, the, the employee for the US government. We don't know how situation we'll know the water. But, you know, you know, one zero had run several missions. And after that, you know, the, the pilot, they knew, you know, the gas and spread out. And I keep, you know, I keep my body, you know, free. I think what kind of education training learning, you know, like for orientation, for how the American life and the Indian for Sigmund came over here saying something. So it is easy on, you know, like the, for friendly say, hey cowboy at all the time, even my commanding official. but when we suited by the I don't know how to call it you know the form is the it's the flash on the yes. I know the NBA got to take care of them, right? And the, you know, the, you know, the, They were sitting there watching. Do you, you know, you know past the test. Something, you know, you know, you're upside down. You know like it 18 up low, right, a little bit down. We know everywhere, especially we got a spirit in the jungle. But when we received the mission, like it, yeah, one zero say, hey, we gotta go, we understand ourselves. And then when I turn it on, you know, when I pull out the, they got to try to be pull me to the Aussie. So yeah, a lot of times when an energy drink, you're like, hey, let's, let's drink like two, three, four, five energy drinks. I don't want you know, the French man like a James Schreit. We know when, when we came out there, we got a bit fined. I don't know how to tell you, but we got a protect by God. It's they're only for like, you'll see like when you see kind of the examples of someone you be like, okay, this kind of makes sense. We got warrior kid milk, which is protein that tastes good, plus we got Jocco White T and plus all the stuff that we're talking about. And then you got the big, gringo's coming in, you know, and till it keeps calling himself a city slicker. As the NVA continued to fire on the team, black and cowboy formed the team into a circle and directed a barrage of M79 grenade rounds and car 15 fire into the surrounding jungle. They, the first thing they want, the first thing like it, they want a shock like it. The reason that we got a bonus, but now I found that bonus before that, I don't know anything. I'm not free, but you know, I got to safety decision. Because the reason we stand by for that target, we cannot go, you know, the long trip, like it goes, I go on, no, that lot. We're going to be, you know, like it, stronger, more than another one. We move to, you know, we got a high in here, the cover, Earth. We gotta go DMV, we know the DMV. If I run to and then when I get there I gotta shoot by team and a team run. And sometimes, sometimes, you know, I'm, I'm thought, we got to do it. You know, like the, yes, I just count a month or one mission. But you know, I got it, PFC 68. Can't climb Robinton and Hongkai, you know, like the helicopter stride, yeah, stride. Like a phantom, like a skyder, like a CH, a 50-3 Charlie Green Giant. I got a, you know, the, my web here. Well, the only thing we miss would be, if we, if you want to talk about the day he was with the Frenchman, that his story day when a Frenchman got shot in the back for a time. And then they should, they got a good radio before they want to test the team. They got kind of two of their Americans on Alaska when they got wiped out when Jim went Allen survived. That's why I want to become, you know, the recon team, it's very difficult. And my father, you know, they're going to make it going down a lot. I contact a lot of, you know, like the security or police. The gun, you know, point like it to. But, like it for me, it, my family very close to, you know, the use it. So when I saw that bad like it they're like a machine gun right by the 15 that the long one they're in. Then when the cubby got low on fuel and spider parks was there, and he got low on fuel, pat with back. Without saying a word, the two men took turns firing at the enemy while moving downhill, rotating E around each other, Cowboy would fire several bursts from his car 15 and then reload as he reloaded L'Aternot would open fire providing covering fire for the team. To if we see anything happened in O. Z, I got to shortly come and it just got it. We worked, you know, like a, the play too, no company. Like you remember, sometimes we got a radio small radio. Also, psychological warfare, if you don't know what that is, it's an album, audio album, tracks of Jocco telling you, explain to you how to get past your moments of weakness in the event of them arising, which they do from time to time. No, I like it because either free, you know. You know, look, look and hey, they're maybe shun, right? But, you know, we, we very like the machine. So if you want to get any of this stuff, even though I know you were all trying to be minimalist, but kids need a freaking book to read. You know, like the foundational, how much it meant. I mean, you had to be kind of a marked man being this former, you know, special operations guy that was working alongside the Americans. And now you got to reach in there and you got to grab it at this awkward angle. You say it's like a, you know, those deals. So that's why, you know, I like to go with him. It was like through me off, you know? So you can be like, I don't know about all that. They got a plant, the rice, or they got a plant. Anyway, so one time I was fixing something underneath the couch and I just, you know, had to apparently move it just a little bit and just didn't think about it. Not, you know, use it by the American way, you made a case and they could take people, I'll get shot. I got a kidney from, I got a dialysis. We got to go and now you got it. Because in the class, he, all the, all the time, where, where your family, what he, what, what has been, you know, our situation, my family. You know, for that kind of stuff, you don't want to worry about. And they want to kill us because they are afraid of you know, they're the area that they tried by the bomb.