he said I'm working with your friend and he left he came working away and about 50 meters away he pulled out the notebook and stuff like something I don't know but one week later the station was made from longsaw to swim out and at the swim out there I slated for another week and one day they called they they announced on the radio that your people happen they know people prepare to have their family to pick you your people back home so that was it then you got out of the camp yeah very few roads and how long were you in this cage for with your son maybe a couple months and they tested but they said thanks for us to uh to a um sub-cham sub-cham you know the case you know in the num can there were a lot of mosquito not mosquito and every day we have only one you know they uh type of beer in the And I don't, what kind of, what kind of, what kind of, what kind of, what kind of, what kind of, what kind of, what kind of, what kind of, what kind of, what kind of, what kind of, what kind of, maybe is just one or nothing but family know me for... that Day lights, and it's certainly, this direction. No I we covered the major points there and you know just like that one time with the Marines need help here he comes he just went there under fire and so many times his kingbees got shot up. and then what happens then what do you start doing then we leave that to leave it right now it's after 75 you know after the one day they take you over to the South and as a light was visible you know the people who everything is a stamp foot stamp everything stamp and one month maybe each of them each people are the can buy maybe 100 grams of meat 100 grams of meat a month maybe on sometimes they don't And you must remember, uh, you know, going on a mission, getting your aircraft shot up and then going home to your wife and saying, hi, honey, I'm home. the bottle by this is me and every day only one one bottle of water for one day for only everything for months you're like that so the cage with barboy on the top and the mosquito at about five o'clock five p.m. we have to see the mosquito net if not a day just it is a swam mosquito it's like a bee and I've a couple months we've been more more to somewhere more to was it another prison another prison how long were you in total prison for and why did they eventually let you out or how did you get out eventually and how did you not qualify for that because at the total time I spent prison it's only two and half year well see need to dispense more time and prison you can you imagine that after all the service could have been and so I thought that maybe I would have I might be living Vietnam forever so I prepare for my what I'm I plan to what I'm going to do to lead but at that time the side of it means the first association is the the mayor of Masuoka he was the Air Force reticulano so this is an American Air Force retired in Masuoka and he was working with the San Jose he's now Vietnamese Air Force Association And just the similar, you know, the attitude, you know what you said, Con, or on earlier when I asked you, you know, what, what do you think about when you need to go back into a spot where two Kingbees have already shot down. And he saw the, he said that he, he saw the, uh, the frame, the line of frame, the row, he, and hit my, uh, chopper and my chopper, I spoke, you know, the front row, I spoke and he thought that I was not that. I mean, that opening that I read from this, like it's just epic, you know, to hear the relief from Watkins, who hears who it is, like, okay, now we got a chance. A lot of times I look at you because like, sometimes you'll have this look like, oh, let me, like, you remember something. and I still remember one time one of the guy who worked in the this week he wrote a bicycle to around the the the street near my house near my house I said that the face go people go to my face and my my my my son he was that he said 75 76 he was nine seven or nine I know of him he just grabbed the mask that runs to the mother so he can he can buy the the first one And I saw the, uh, trigger out, you know, the, you know, the round, the, the, the, the whole, the, the, the, uh, in front of the front line of them. Well, one time I was, uh, doing out with my, uh, the other prisoners to, uh, create up as a, uh, the camp. This is just talked about, uh, propaganda, uh, propaganda, uh, and the thing is that the people who, they, they, they want to, they want us to go to class every day. But this is like an opportunity for all of us to sort of, you know, capitalize on some of the cool t-shirt ideas that just fly in from time to time. and he's like, man, I'm kind of looking for a part that I'm job like you've got to go do some stuff. they, uh, at the, uh, and they told me that, uh, you keep, uh, um, okay. I was there for, um, uh, zoolite, I don't know, from, uh, zool, to, uh, August. no the FC this thing was right close what's that American award all the DSC got it got it got it or the DSF foreign cars got it and then make make it and just like in case just a cage just a case and the coba the tough with a mobile why how are you planning to escape what was the plan were you going to go by boat were you going to walk the other thing we said was my boat by boat And then what was it like when the, when the war started to kind of wind down for, you know, America leaving and the communist are going to take over. Yeah, like you want to, you know, and I just want to give you that opportunity. And then at the end, which kind of gives you an insight to like how he's thinking where he's like, yeah, And, uh, when I heard the, uh, announcement of a surrender from Zeno Loming, oh, my, uh, my tears just came out. and where would you find gold they like gold the time I was I got out in the dump can the police is not in the put it is in my pocket and found a ring golden ring and so we every time we had to pay and the first time we got cut and at a non-gun way south to come to south Uh, I think they, uh, they're going to shoot the right. And I'm to mention these guys in Vietnam, they're like have to go home at night, like till we'll say, hey, oh, cool. But, like, he, he was not that, and he said, oh, you still like, I see him, but don't let it in the wall. and he says the ticket and put in his pocket and my uh pipe I was he said he take it out and smoke and put in his pocket too that's when you got caught the second time I don't know, I don't, I don't, I, I didn't, uh, pull the bubble, why, I didn't know. And yeah, you know, these t-shirt ideas, you know, they come, they go. Because every time I got in the car, my stomach was like, come up to my mouth. Not that he didn't love the living daylights out of the 7th Air Cavs, but the Vietnamese of the 219th had time after time after time, proven themselves to be about the most daring, most imaginative, most aggressive, and all around finest pilots on the face of the globe. You know, they say, hey, don't bring your work home or what, you know, what's that saying? So yeah, and that opening, that opening that I read from on the ground with the book on the ground by John Stracker Meyer, it's just, it's crazy to think, you know, you, oh, guess what? So you know, he mentioned and we all know that he lost both his hands and then later on join the fire department. And, uh, on the, uh, let's see, 30, uh, April, 30, 1975. Like when did I know you ended up getting shot down? And, uh, when I, uh, after, after I started on a degree, I, uh, called the decovi. That seems like that seems like a kind of crazy decision to make. As the team looked up and disbelief, the old aged 34 warbird began gently settling itself down toward the team like a mother hand about to cover her chicks. just hit me for a, the get, He was like, it used, can't, can't let I go like, he simply? I did the last time I was I was sad because they hope I do nothing waiting for the what is going to happen because at that time they were trying to catch a shield and see for me so as I can I started so they can keep me here So I, I ran around and, uh, in five, and all the, uh, I'm, uh, 179 again. And, uh, when I heard the, uh, it was off, uh, of Wukongtong. yeah he made it in 87 and me and he like that time he was 16, 60 and 70 but after the first time I saw that my son is getting bigger I don't want him to be a son I took to be calm to service it by the way to the NBA and it's it's helping the people who was in who was in service or who was in prison in the company's prison for one and two years can come up I'd like to come here So in this far as energy drinks go, like we say, you can have an energy drink, but if even saying energy drink kind of brings along the stigma of the energy drink. Because we, you know, you know, when you go out to this operation, the fueling and the thinking of the enemy, what they are not thinking. And, uh, he asked me, uh, what we are going to do? So would SOG ground guys go and, you know, would you sit down and say, okay, here's where we're going to insert. But the same time, like, I don't necessarily want everything to be black. And, uh, he said, you still like, I don't care what I want to know what's anything this is maybe about four hours six hours a day. Like we had that time in November where we could get shot out the primary secondary and the alternate. I said okay you were not having this there's no no medicine you get down and during that time to your father was killed right my final lie in 63 63 63 Like the group me and your team and team. and he called one of the guy who worked in the archive, National Archives and the that guy was he was working with him in the military when he was cornered and the guy was then second lit down on the corner second lit in the corner okay like a lieutenant corner