So it's like it's one of those things where you get man, if you want to dessert, like monk is the dessert and it's super as far as like, you know, like sometimes you're like, I need a dessert, but I, you know, I'm on the pass. And like that attitude and and I said, you know, what how did you, what was it that made he goes everything like the way he's carried himself, the way he looked, the way he had his head, he had his hair, he's like he had his head shaved and he just looked like this guy's just freaking square away from day one. You know, hey, going back into when we were forming up, you know, one of the first things we did is, you know, what grabbed in our go-lock, you know, our, our enlisted formation, he's 79. You know, didn't hit our building, the front of us there, wasn't too bad there or small, but it was a good, it was a good shake out for us, like a little confidence builder, like a couple bad guys, no one got injured. Like, you know, we went through training training was good, but it was nowhere near the level that, you know, we provided our guys once we got over to trade it. So, you know, guys going there and start clearing out Mosul, you know, at some point, you know, one of our seal units rotated out in J and his formation rotated in which is awesome. And you're like, and man, you guys might want to tighten this shit up over here, you know, but it was good, you know, damn who's there? Like he's going to be like, well, you know, Hack will made himself out to be a little bit more than he was or Hack talked to good game, but that really wasn't the guy he was air. Like, when I started, bro, when I started with the podcast, we know what all my friends started like, calling me like, dude, that podcast was sick. So I think we did that good, but just going back to land war for, I think, you know, the stress levels, they were high during a life-iron training, the field training exercises we did were just badass were building, you know, little wood huts all over the dam place on those ranges. And I remember picking up my reading like damn, this is really good because the way you guys translated into the business role was just, you know, it made sense, you know. And I think the guys, you know, I mean, shit, we had a thermal camera out there at one point and we're video tape in the guys coming in so they come back and go through their debrief, we're going, this is what you all look like. He said, hey Steve, we've got a protect emission, we've got to protect our credibility, credibility, it's built, know the people's blood, it was built, know the people's blood, we've got to protect that at all cost. And so there was, there was a lot to that, you know, the most stressful thing for me during land warfare was doing all the live fire training because there was definitely a lot of opportunity for someone to get injured or wounded, you know, you know what I mean. You know, and just going back to work on real quick, one of the things I realized when you're up there, you know, when you're down in the troops, you're just like, give me my gear. And hell even if you're getting one mission, you're like, all right, we're good to go, you know, because you think we all think we're going to be out of there with then six, seven months. And, you know, it bothers me so much when I hear people talk about, you know, these, the US military, you know, causing all these civilian casualties, man, we go through such great lengths to prevent civilian casualties and put our soldiers, sailors, airmen of a marine at such risk to prevent those casualties to civilian casualties from happen happening. I didn't know if they were playing games with me or what, but I went over the wall and I was like, shit, I don't know if I'm going to make it. And then just going back on decentralized command, you know, the other CQC or close court combat sheet, we had, you know, our guys were going up to this house. I was looking forward to, you know, and you know, the guy I really do with their BJs is a good dude smart and I think he set up a good foundation with what he had. So we were out, we went out there, you know, we're going with some other intel people out there and they're like, hey, we're going after some of this sensitive stuff here And when you see those good leaders coming through and look, the good leader could be anyone in the platoon from an E5 to the platoon or the task unit commander, anyone in between, you have one good leader or two good leaders in there and they're going to do a good job. I'm like, I thought I was good, you know, but I didn't know if they were playing. Like when you got your ass kicked, you got your ass kicked and it would sometimes, you know, that was another big difference when a leader, when the leadership in the task unit or in the platoon would say, would come back and say, hey, we screwed up. Or, you know, like, for me, I was like, I can do this, which is a really arrogant thing to think, right? But so you're going to make because because one thing I don't like and Lafayne, I have talked about this on the podcast is the someone thinking, well, you know, I'm in charge, so I'm going to be hated and that's okay. But it was just, you know, shitty day for us, you know, obviously the whole task you know, was hit, was hit hard on that. You know, there's, you know, our guys, our sniper's killed a few guys on that one, and the shoot was good. and you were like, oh, you got the firecracker right off the bat or something like that, like that was the nickname. You know, like, I don't know what we turned over with you guys. And the, you know, the entry teams going through, you know, our breaches going through laying the charge on the door. And so, you know, started, you know, I got a good six, six month of getting saturated with group level stuff. And from that point, it was like, all right, you know, we knew we were getting into, but then it's like, now it's real. I'm like, I got my first time work going, but he's dialed in and he had a great reputation, you know. Like when you got to talk about you, so to say you're going to write a book, you're going to start a podcast or you're going to put a spotlight on yourself. You know, we're still getting the occasional ID, you know, ID at him, you know, an army, silver affairs. And so as we're doing that, you know, we get a call over the radio, you know, that, you know, our other unit from Corrigator was hit. Yeah, you just took good outstanding, good leader, just good, like good dude, man. And one of the things people talk about is, hey, you know, when it's time to go and man, I was in that position and we had some high profile cases out there and they just wear on your man, you know, they just wear on you. I was I was you know sitting in in the back of the meeting with socom, you know, over and over again and here in the world being put out and seeing the handwritten notes from the secretary of defense, you know what I'm saying? So, you know, so after, you know, after those handful of ops, we had, uh, you know, we had no rubber 19. Well, that's what I always tell people, hey, man, the people who utilize the laws of combat did good cover and move kept things simple, good communications across board, prioritizing executed, stayed detached from what was going on in the guys that utilize decentralized command, whether they'll allow fire team leaders and squad leaders to make decisions at their level. What you're just asked, you know, I've seen Elliot a handful of times over the years, you know, it buds graduations and stuff like that. You know, he's like, it's because if you're thinking you're going to go there, you're going to get what you ask for. I like, and I hate to say that because right, right, that's like, that's like, what? You know, we had a, I don't know if you know, opposed you, but it could go more and more on serving. They're like, hey, you guys are going to come in behind these guys and we're going to replace them. So the seems to be like, hey, man, you, the guy that was going to come doesn't look like a company. So, you know, you're like, hey, you guys are going around race track. The headquarters element was good because it was the first time I'm outside of that that that sealed team, you know, whether it's training or just seal, you know, mission. You know, and then as I started going in college, like, man, I just, I don't want to learn. I know when you guys came in, you guys did, I don't know, four times, four, five times. But like I was like, okay, here's what we're going to, here's what we're going to do for communications during the insert. You know, I think a hack worth, I think of like you said a dude showing up right here, cut, right uniform, just everything he's communicating lines up with his actions. Oh, you know what I'll say one more thing at one point, probably you were like six months out from retiring and you said I have three courses of action for what I'm going to do You know, like, I don't know what to expect. And then I'd be like, hey, you know, like giving a single leg. And everyone, like, that's when I was super stoked, you know, because you feel horrible, uh, and you feel like you're shining a spotlight on yourself. And that's a good precursor because when you go to combat, if you end up going on deployment and you end up getting in real combat, you're going to see that, that's the only place that's going to come out even more is when you go into combat, people start acting crazy. Like there's no, there's, it's like saying, hey, I'm going to go freaking, uh, uh, uh, start a podcast. You know, in some of the books you covered early on, like the last hundred yards, and I was like damn. Like when I filled pool comp, I was like, all right, damn, I'm not going to make it through this man. So it was, it was, it was a good deployment, you know, and it probably the things that weighed the most on that deployment is I'd never really been a part of a ramp ceremony to where you're like, you're leaving this thing. You know, there's a lot of, you know, a lot of good work being done. He's like Roger that, you know, he's like, fire out. And to be able to debrief like that, it's, you know, he's like, thank you. It's lessons about hey, when this happens when you lose a guy, when you get a guy badly wounded, when you get somebody that's, you know, acting a certain way, when someone's losing combat, like all those lessons, being able to learn them is freaking so powerful. And one of the things that always comes to mind with me is in 2003, you know, we had Posi out there or Vietnam guy, good dude, man, just good family guy, Vietnam had more stores and you can imagine. And actually, you know, you got a family eight person family that are getting blown apart by Frag grenades because the woman was trying to defend her house from looters, which again, may sound like a crazy story. And I was talking to their ops officer and he was like, hey, you know what, this is a, this is a good shot, bad result, meaning that the, our soldier was following the proper rules of engagement. You know, you're going to be a prep school, you know, and then boom, you go to a ship. And therefore, if they make a mistake, which everyone's going to make mistakes, when they make a mistake, when they make a mistake, which they will, people go, oh, you know, like, guess what? Get on the wall and I was like, damn seriously, like I'm going through trying to think of what I did wrong. Let's everybody know like, hey, I don't put up, I'm not going to put up with this. You know, we had a car going around with the, the hazard zone, you know, so there's signally in the area. And like, we, all of us were just kind of thinking, hey, it's going to be like a fullusious style clearance. You're going to put them on a path to mediocracy, mediocracy, or you're going to put your kid on a path to being average, or you're going to be put your kid on a path to blame other people and be a victim in their whole life, or you're going to put them on the path to be a warrior kid and step up. And I know that you guys, so one thing that's really positive is, part of this transition, I don't even know if you knew this. We went through our ramp ceremony back here and then we got the, you know, the remains back to the US who, you know, that officer could be properly buried. Any other big missions that you guys did, did you guys do like some, some like, SA7 recovery hours? But when we got done, we walked out and he was like, I never got debrief like that. Like you were just like, man, this is going to be awesome. and you were kind of like, hey, man, if you guys bring me an e-vow in the thing requires minor or requires major surgery, I'm only going to be able to do so much to it to make it better. You know, we got to hop over this damn gate, you know, to get to this house. You know, if you're trying to get on base, I'm going to like jack-duff your head. And, you know, our guys went out there and were getting set up on a rooftop and like, shoot. I'm trying to provide my, my boss with the best advice I can on, you know, what I recommend, you know, in the boss I had back then, he's an admiral now, but he was just scored away just, even tempered guy, people loved him. They're like, hey, you guys are going to, we're going to do fullusious. You know, and when, uh, you know, I took a damn shot and through our position right at the 12 o'clock. You know, completing assignments, coming back, like, hey, what else do you got from me? And, you know, our guys are out there, you know, laying down to made up fire and launching a few Carl Gustav rockets into some positions down there by us. And we didn't know how bad they were hit, but, you know, the, the AOSC came on as I came in earlier, it's had these in bad, he's in bad shape. If you have a platoon chief, that's like a, you know, maybe a six, you got to give them a platoon commander. I want to get over the line and then I was the guy, you know, when he's on travel back at the black palace trying to move these tanks forward as you know, as quickly as possible without missing anything. So you know, you know, I such a good dessert. You know what you're going to be looking like. And I was like, I don't know if I'm going to be able to do the amount of Polips that are needed to do it. You know, you're just wondering like what the hell is going out? Like our, uh, was a classic case of, you know, our, our OIC was, it was a good dude. And, you know, an Elliot story, you know, I got never quit. You know, we didn't know what happened until after we got back. And now you're going through to get it now you're kind of like, I'm like, this is the day you're doing what the same issues. You know, so again, it was kind of like reinforcing good behaviors. This is we're going into something that we like, you know, we hadn't been in before. And he's kind of mentoring us and none of us know it at the time, but he's like, hey, you can go to college, which I highly recommend, you can get a job or you can join the military. And you're also dealing with whatever sort of, you know, equipment, like trying to get equipment for the guys, trying to just the whole nine yards. and he's like, hey, you got some, you got bad guys coming down the street towards you. Guys are going out there, they're learning these things and they're slowly building their confidence to where when they get to the field training exercise, we can start making some of these decisions, then it's even that much more of a confidence builder, you know. Like a person with a good reputation can make mistakes and people like all you get. So we reset, we consolidate, you know, ones on the left, two is on the right, gear check, you know, sensitive equipment check. and I think eventually we had a, you know, he got the guy, our original LP, he got stress fractures and had real bad chance points. You thought, all right, did you have any freaking vision of any kind whatsoever you just like know sign up for whatever classes they signed me up for? Yeah, no Jason was saying that, you know, at a certain point they were thinking that the Iraqi unit that was doing the majority of the fighting was just going to run out of guys. And then, you know, throughout that thing there, you know, one of the things I realized, and this is further down the road, but we did this, this river often. You know, some guys like Gardner went to Somalia. Yeah, and you also know like I'm there's no point getting frustrated about this thing over here. Well, you know, I'm not going to sit here and advise that, but man, if you're going to do it, go ahead do that. Hey, I need you to grab your guys and move to the mountain like in Black Hawk down to like, what the hell? You're working with the, you know, the top five of the team, the commanding officer of the XO, your operations department, you know, the senior listed in there and the, and the ops boss. You know, like talking to General Mucchial, those guys would do absolutely anything for happen. And he was kind of hardheaded, you know, and that classic, you know, I'm smart and everyone else type thing. But we got him cuffed up, took him over to our attention facility and, you know, the guys did good that night. And you guys were just like, like the very first sentence that each guy read. And started running up running, you know, training ops down at like the old NTC, the old Naval Training Center where they had a bunch of old buildings that were all dilapidated. They looked out for me, you know, working hard, staying out of trouble, being a good person, all those three things were good. You know, I can't speak for life, but like for me, I mean, we just talked, open this whole thing up about talking about reputation. But it was like they were digging a hole on the side of the road and they shot, killed the guy and then they sent a team out there to inspect and he was whatever, you know, he was planting a plant. Like, you know, one of them triathletes guys. So we have to be able to not just do like our specific job, our role in responsibility, but if we have to inside of our platoon, we might have to say, hey, you know what, chief, you handle this over here. You know, so when you show up in Dr. Parvint and you're an E2, you're getting every, you know, you're getting all the assignments that are not fun to do. And part of me was I just didn't think team guys had any desire to read anything, you know, because most team guys didn't. Like, it seems like, but prior to that point, most of the times when guys would go out. And it's like got a elastic drawstring at the waist and like you're thinking, Wait a second. And I remember actually briefing your task unit and literally saying, you guys are going to, you guys are going to take casualties. Yeah, we, you know, on the daily, God hit, we had a, I don't know, as a 14 or 15. You're like, oh, you know, I'll grab a water or grab a juice, grab a soda, sometimes, some of us, no, this, this exactly right though. And they didn't have to do that, you know, they could have been like, hey, pack sand, Jack, you want to get off the ship. You know, how many, how many wind shields are we going, or how many wind does in this neighborhood are we going to blow out with this explosive breaching charge? You know, like, all right, I guess it's not the big video. You know, you go through and I was like, yeah, this is something I think I might be in a rescue map. The front line instructors would give their points and then you'd give your points and then be like, be like, got anything bossed by back. And so it was Joe, you know, and we're like, oh, shit, man. You know, we were going through all kinds of mob drills with our CBR gear and just going through everything. No, I was like, this doesn't seem like it's good for me. And he's like, hey man, here's what we got going on. You know, and we had some good, some good leadership on the ship, and some bad leadership. Task force it goes into Iraq and then, you know, the deal with the siege of sort of, you know, their charge of the maneuver elements. He's kind of rounding up to be nice because you know, he doesn't want to be like harsh to act. Yeah, you know, I mean, yeah, if you're going for a water cool man, do it.