But it's all like it's all within like sportsmen like, you know, some of its funny, some of its like kind of, you know, so there's a sort of, it's kind of the culture, you know. It's kind of like, I heard that before, whatever, I heard that before, whatever, I'm too busy, like not caring almost in a way, like I'm too busy like caring about the things that I care about and like. It's like sales, you know, like sales, for example, where some people, they just love it and every little tip, every little thing, every little like established, like element of successful state, they're all about it. So, you know, you think about those kind of things, or at least so like I said, but you know, they're like hippy people that will say like, oh, that's bad energy. I'm not not a jiu jitsu, but then because you have all these other things that you have like straight up like for lack of a better term, significant prowess like in, you know, I don't know about all that. Let echo know that you have a better name, you know, even if it was called like the pickle head club or whatever, people would be like a little bit more into it. Yeah, like like like you're going to get ahead of the curve. But you know, you know, you just made me think of, you know, when you're caught in a triangle or something or you're caught in a guillotine and you get out and like how good you're going to stay. And the gratification is extraordinary because people, you know, like people say, I did what you just told me to do, you know, I didn't last meeting and Fred's on board now and you're like, that's awesome. But water, you get like a forreal heat exhaustion or a heat stroke is death, but like exhaustion, like a forreal one. He seems like the kind of guy when I was reading this, I was like, I know this kind of dude. Is that kind of like at a company, the difference between a guy who has a great resume degree, blah, blah comes in at a certain high position versus the guy who worked his way up through like the mail rule. Yeah, like not a thick, but like it was like trees in there. You know, it's sort of like, that's as good as it gets like it would do live fire. But if something's going wrong, like you got a problem, you got to be the guy that the company commander can look at and go says, go solve that problem and you have the capacity to do it, because you're not assigned any specific role. So when you tense your neck, it's like harder to actually take a, take a deep breath, you know, it's like those double things. Have you ever watched some like a skate border or a BMX guy or a mountain biker or a surfer and been like, oh that looks you think in your weird mind that you could actually do what they're doing. This is the guy that's and you know, when I when I first got in, actually the whole time I was in it was like okay, I got to do this again. So train some jiu jitsu and when you train jiu jitsu, you're going to want a ghee to train in you're going to want a rash guard to train in and you're going to want those things to be made in America. Now, I will tell you when you're going out on a long, like a desert patrol, where you're not going to get a water resupply, you've got to have some water discipline. I feel like if I look my identity, I'm not not a jiu jitsu person, but I'm not like I'm a jiu jitsu person. So now I'm kind of feeling like there's such a thing as like bad energy drinks. There's one time where I was in like a little bit of a bad situation where I could start feeling like, oh, this could be a problem. And yet, that I guess maybe that's why when I see these things, I think to myself, like, guess, like, I get, it just, just more reinforcement. I always, like, so there's kind of two ways you can go with all of this stuff where it's like you hear it over and over and over again, right? And so what he's saying is if they locate the Japanese, immediately they go out and with grenades and bayonets, which the good thing about grenades and bayonets is now you're, they can't really locate you because of your, because of your muzzle flashes and where you're shooting, you're just getting in there with grenades and bayonets, which is, you know, you think about modern warfare, you don't think of the tactic of, hey, when we make contact, we're going to immediately attack with bayonets and grenades. In the not literal Easter eggs, but Easter eggs, the expression Easter eggs stuff that like if you listen, you kind of know, you know, anyway, interesting shirt to get when every month is cool club. It's not like in a bad way or necessarily good way, just like to get sleep. Like jiu jitsu for me, the physical part, the knowing how to submit people or whatever that is as far as what I got from jiu jitsu, this is going to sound crazy. Like straight out, like, okay, so we'll call this, maybe over simplifying it, leadership, right? Whereas if you get mount and you're like, okay, I got the mount, that person's going into defensive position and now they're going to set up for it. When you say that, like, I can't relate to it because every time I hear these things, I'm like, there it is. But, you know, water discipline, that I did kind of seems like it would be under maybe two specific circumstances where you don't have a lot of water just to go. What's crazy about that is they do drills, especially human sniper school, where they put like stuff out in the field, like a canteen and a knife and a notebook. So it'd be like if it'd be like if you showed up as the brick carrier and you did such a good job You know, there's certain, in tight, there are introvert type people who are in a leadership position who kind of don't like it. So, triangles are hard to breathe, but like a guillotine and a guill choke, you're like having a hard time breathing. And like even the grades, no one listen to this guy because the grenade still have like a yellow band around them. So again, if you've been trippled like this, you have a trippled canopy jungle, like real thick jungle. But if, let's say you don't really like it, it's like a chore or whatever, right? Like you're going to want the best possible ones that you could get because you're kind of making a commitment in your life to jiu jitsu. A lot of times like when you're like, let's say you're in the red zone air. It's like one of those things like you ever play a, uh, you played soccer before. Well, I suppose it's like when when Joe Rogan calls some fighter like a gorilla or whatever, right? It's freaking awesome because like it's, do you like leadership? You know guys, they stand up and they do like a technical stand, even though you know, they're keeping it real. In our training for this jungle warfare, we had a great deal of work and hand-to-hand individual combat use of knife, jujitsu, etc. Let's face it when I read that I got very, very, very, you know, we were feeling good about it. At Jockel store, can't you also just get rash cards and just like a t-shirt like this t-shirt that I'm wearing, hardcore recondos? They're like, no, you made like five bad calls and wrote, you're done. They see it as an necessity and stuff like that, but they don't really like it. And then so those are the ones that might be, I don't know, but they might be the ones that are going to be making these mistakes over and over again because they're not consciously actively trying to implement these lessons that are just in someone like your case, just straight up being reinforced. You know, it'd be like someone that just works on, you know, deep half-guard. Like I kind of wanted to be good at everything, you know? Yeah, because like a good, re-er naked, you know, you're not, it's a different, you don't, you don't feel all panicky.