But he was like, he cared, you know, so he was like, he's like, I get it, you know, you want to, you don't want to stop the red light, I get it whatever he's like, but man, like, I don't want, I don't want to have to give you a ticket, you know, for running red lights. Knock him out if you have to, you know, like you can do these kind of things, but you can be just like violating all kinds of, you know, see, because it's not going to war. But it's my way of letting you know, this is important not because I want you to be on time, but because I want to know what's going on with you. But each, yeah, each level has it like a little threshold, like I said, but yes, the most prominent one is like, yeah. Like, well, actually, and I had to say this the other day, I'm like, actually, because I was like, what do you do with echoing these late all the time? We got to like, we got to act because this person is violent towards us or whatever, and then it's a straight up fight where you can expect like, laws to be broken within that fight kind of thing. That could be an example of total war and versus conventional war, like which war was like a total war. Well, he was 19 when he won the World Champion became the best in the world and total dominant prodigy in the game and and the guy basically said, you know, well, who kind of who's better and you didn't come right out and say it, but it was implied and and Gary Kasparov understood the implication and there was a couple things that he said one one thing that he said that was interesting he said basically said I'm too old the compete. And by the way, if I want Dave to be at point A, and I know that Dave knows to go to point A, I don't care how he gets there, but what's important is that allows me to look forward to look to the next point, to look to point B or C or D. Because I'm not worried about how Dave's going to get there. And then there's like one before where it's like, okay, we got to like put our hands on him. It's sort of like we got other things going on, and we all kind of know that. And if you do what you were just talking about, if the more you think in decentralized command, the more you think in commanders intent, the more you think strategically, unless you care about those details, oh wait, oh, you want the same thing, dude, go do whatever you want. Yeah, I mean, the culture, the hierarchy of the culture is kind of like people understand it even though it might not be able to be like 100% tangible. I'm not saying it's a good thing, but I'm saying it's not under most, you know, a lot of circumstances like this bad thing to be late. I'm so sorry, you know, I will never do it again for us, you know, like, it's really that feeling that I got from the guy, he let me go. If you throw some ambiguous stuff at you, like you're going to be like, okay, and then cut right through and then ask later, there are questions. So you came to me like, hey, I really want to, you know, really want some more money for this. When you think of it not in a linear way like, oh, this is what you're going to do, but this is the entire way of thinking. We really can't just throw out that that's the significant you know like all right we'll go do a metcon for how long is the chest match you'd say I don't know tournament. There's another reason why that is, especially if that is actually a thing you actually mean that it's not like some game you're playing to like, hey, bro. And he's like, yeah, you know, I'm, you know, I'm, I forget what he said, but he was real ambiguous about his training, but he implied that he had a lot. He was like, but he, that's how he acted the way you're talking to, where he'd be like, hey, he didn't give me, he gave me a little warning. It's like, oh, yeah, because it's a little tiny decision with almost no risk, but we're going to do it immediately and then we're going to get feedback You know, like, it's almost comparable with the guy who's just like a 500 street fight. You know, like first, it's like straight up friendly and the better you can get roadhouse quotes in here. I always like telling these stories though, because I know Jocca's over there thinking, I don't like to rely on machines. There's competition going on between those two people and the little subtle, the little subtle preferences or statements or comments that you make impact that competition and can create animosity where you should be as a leader trying to unify your team. And then right, when I let them do it, I usually, I usually give them like a, like, I give them enough time, maybe even another, two, three, four minutes. You know, the kind of like, I had, it was probably more appropriate to stop than run, you know, you just, anyway. So like total war is like, we don't have time for the police to come. Because you're going to like about that, it's like, hey, it doesn't matter. Now, is there a burger to things that if you cross, you're going to, like, it's going to be a real problem. It reflects that total work kind of situation where, you know, like, let's go to that end part of the spectrum, right? You know, you're kind of like, wait, am I going to hear about it? I said, we got to we got to go to war with them, but we don't want them to know it. So there's maybe a little linguistics, jujitsu, jujitsu happening, because we want to, you know, we don't want to see echo Charles locked up back in the day. I mean, it seems like, right, like certain, we'll say groups, whether we nation, whatever, have a certain philosophy. We don't want to take away from the team by fueling competition competition just like anything else. Because you know that little bit of ribbing is just enough to let you know we don't, we're not late around here, right? And you know, it's like, oh, where are you going? And if you want people, if you want to develop a culture, if you want the stories to back it up, that's what the Marine Corps does in such an outstanding way. It's more subconscious, but it's like when you're running like one minute late, whatever, the next time, you don't feel that stress at all. and you take it all the time, like I do, like echo does, they will do you take every day. Like if there's not a good explanation, you just be like, well, hey, that's what happened. But that's like the conventional war kind of scenario, you know. Is there like a scenario where like one side is at total war? And by the way, these things that we're talking about tensions, competition, not violent competition, but just competition. Then you're like a minute half two minutes, three minutes, and then you kind of like pro. And then the only thing I will say is that Cold War has kind of moved to the top of my, like I never forget Cold War ever. And then the next thing, you know, you look up and it's like, wait a second. And I'm thinking back on my feelings about it where it, it caused me to not take it seriously, because like we were both laughing at it kind of like, And, you know, I don't want to be in that spot to have to do that to you, you know, as far as it's taking it goes. Now, going back to the idea of alignment, this also falls into agendas, because if Dave is trying to make some maneuver inside our company and I'm trying to make some maneuver inside of our company, as long as those maneuvers still get us to the point we want to go to, I don't care. I'm not going to give them the back brief on what that clients like I don't want them to get another mark on the board. That we can take those things and we can learn from them we can literally take moves just like moves on the chessboard and we can be a better leader because we understand how things occurred in the past. And I got to treat you like now we're competitors as opposed to, you know what? How easy it was to connect all those comments all the things they're saying to so many other areas so many other places in life and you started and that saying when you when you when you know the way broadly you see it and all things. Now you're going to see, as we dive into this, that if you know the way broadly you see it and all things. And you know how, a lot of like visitors might say that kind of stuff. There was parts of it that I was thinking it was going to be like war fighting. You know what's what's what's echo's based like, I'll try a little sweep. Because, you know, when you want to skip the workout, Dave doesn't know. You know, because minimum, I don't know, there's just a lot of wiggle room for some stuff to not go right for us. Because you want what I want, and if I can just check my ego, go, oh, you know what? And when we get into influence, look, it's almost cheesy for me to talk about influence of like, well, I could put, if I put a gun to your head, or I beat you with a baseball bat to get you to do what I want to do. And the other side is like, hey, we're going to keep this kind of conventional. And look, I'm not saying it's like, no, slack, you don't know nothing. When we think of competition in war, the main points are to acknowledge that war is a political act that uses violence to achieve its aims. And you know, sometimes it seems like my people aren't taking me seriously. And he let him talk and he finished his whole spiel about his, you know, experience, you're like straight up dead, dead pen.