Now if we were talking about, you know, going into a new market area with a business, and you were like, hey, we're going, we're going, we're going, we're going in, I had tried to influence you, and I tried to ask you questions about it, and I couldn't get you there. And you see this is like the the the most lame example, but you know, some of it's like, oh, you know, some wrestler that's like, no way, I'm going to, I'm going to knock him out. So if you, if you have a platoon where, hey, I'm going to take input from the troops, so they're going to let me know and sometimes they're going to argue with me about some stuff and not argue, but we're going to disagree about some things. So I'm still going to give you an out, you know, when I say, hey, you know, there's other two other companies we're going to have in the last 18 months and then so maybe we should and I give you some time and out, you know, maybe we wait another year and then he had gotten, you know, his, he could use a pillow again and his bedroom and, uh, you know, those kind of creature comforts start to come back and then, you know, two, three months later, I, you know, something's little spark of like, wait a second. So you being able to say that to me is a function of the trust that we have, the influence that we shared, and the amount of leadership capital, you have that you can actually kind of be direct, and it doesn't bother me that it would, in a way that it would, had just come at, you know, day one, we're like, I don't like the way you talk, do it differently. That cashier has to know, hey, I've got to treat this customer with some respect because if I don't, it's going to go on yellow, it's going to go on YouTube, it's going to go on Instagram or whatever that might be. The, the, you don't know, we can create a model that can be useful for what, competitions can be like what we think the economies are going to look like. So now we're going to start to brush up against, we're starting to brush up against me being just direct with you, which is revealing some shortfalls, like just saying to you, hey, you know, the rents in that area are really high and by the way, two similar businesses went into that market and both of them washed out and that happened in the last 18 months. Right, like you got to quite like, you know, I don't know, this security guard or something. Well, I'm going to eventually going to run out of leadership capital and start going in a bad way. You've got some people with different ideas of how we're going to get where we're going, sometimes unfortunately, even disagree on where they're going, which is bad. So then maybe we escalate a little bit more, and now, you know, it's my metaphors about to lose a little bit of traction, because that's such a minor thing that this next step, well, to say, hey, why don't we make a pro, like a pro and con list about fidgeting your pen, right? So all the things that you think you know, done happen had another fighter was like, hey, aren't you going to work ground game? But when you cross the threshold of from indirect to direct, now it's definitely going to cost you like I said, you might have money in the bank, but you might have leadership capital in the bank, but it's going to cost you. Because like that's kind of really what that whole thing kind of seems like it is because, okay, so you got people ideas and things. So you want if you're going to do it, might want to hang on to it just for, you know, a little bit deeper into that role, let that person be breathin' hard, let the O2 start to lack. And I'm not going to allow that to occur, which is, you know, what game you think, if I can convince you that all right, Dave, you and I are going to stand up. You know, the closest thing that they say in this is a performance, they kind of, I'm trying, I like Doug Fetus, like, where are my missing, it maybe they are talking about execution numbers, don't see it? You know, like manufacturer like, okay, my job is to do this and do this and to do this and I'm going to just do it. yeah, because maybe you saw just enough, maybe you saw, maybe it just revealed just enough of the problems that you're going, you know, maybe we do, you know, do this. And that whole discussion that we're having, if I'm utilizing this correctly, I'm guiding you, I'm guiding Dave, in this case, I'm guiding Dave to discover what I'm trying, I want you to discover the fact that, hey, if you're fidgeting with that pen, people aren't even paying attention to what you're saying and it's making noise on camera and it's like, I want you to discover those things. And maybe the next thing I do is offer some kind of a bargain, some kind of a negotiation, where I say, hey, you know, maybe now is not the right time to go in that market, or maybe we look at it next quarter. Hey, do you think that that's going to have end the way the tone, everything like you could tell you knew what you're doing with the way you delivered that question. Like, hey, don't tell an aster don't whatever because we're going to go in this back door to rob the bank or whatever, you know, right? Right, but I'm saying, like, let's say the ability before the bank robbery, it's like when in the planning process, you know, maybe the bank robber, but the security guard is my neighbor or something. And you're kind of always your mind's kind of seems to be anyway always kind of in that zone where it's like you're kind of looking for some kind of advantage or something to add to, you know, your deal or whatever. Yeah, you you mentioned that like slave labor like when you kind of you know the front end of the slave labor situation, right? But I'm thinking of people like, I know what American marines and soldiers, I know what those people are. And if no one sees it, if you just, if no one sees it, you can just walk over to that line and then people see it and they kind of model your behavior and you're kind of influenced like a bunch of people that you don't even know. And that's sort of where we get to, you know, theoretically in the business world of the highest level of escalation is like, I'm going to fire you, right? But just like, you know, I said this on EF online the other day, I people usually think they have more leadership capital than they do. You know, I had a it was an early part, it was a pretty early podcast, I don't know which one, but when I started talking about what game are you playing and and you can be playing the wrong game with your life and if you're looking up and you're like, man, I'm doing everything I can And then I'm going to be like, hey, we're going to rob the bank on your shift. Like, hey, if you do this, I'm going to I'm going to ground you. And you know, then the response could still be, you know, if Dave's, if Dave's my subordinate and Dave's start, you know, he most people get to say we can't go into it. But to wake up before 30 and do and it's not like you're waking up in 430 and doing a stretching routine for 10 minutes, like you're kind of going hard. And there are people, and I don't mean it like there are people like something wrong with their people, but they didn't have the training we had. And it's almost like he almost, you know, weird way surprised him, which how hard he was executing on a guy who usually executes, but that element didn't seem to be there as much, you know. So now I'm just, I'm going to little, it's indirect, but it still is, I'm starting to put a little bit more pressure with that statement, and of course, now what I'm going to do, and we'll listen what you have to say. And then what made it additionally interesting, just a little teeny tiny interaction was that, I was like, oh, man, I do it, like, I got a habit, right? Because the more leadership capital you have, the more when you need to now, if I said, hey, Dave, you're saying, oh, when you talk and hey, Dave, this answer was bad and hey, Dave, the way you presented this, your slides were all, they didn't look good and hate. So we're going with the Dave says, no, because Dave wants to go one way that I think is going to take an extra 15 minutes. Even the actual line where you're going to like give significant punishment because you have to impress upon the kid, like my dog, kid dog. You know, the, the things that fall into the category of indirect and direct, like the techniques you can use can actually, I was thinking about that conversation can actually change. But I think in like a lot of our head this segment is not always there like we've got to kind of get reminded everyone's own. Things that would normally be outside there, where I would have some sort of problem with you saying that, where I think, a mustard three, and you go, hey, when you're doing Q&A, you say, I think you said something like, you say, in between, don't do that anymore. At this time, I'm now, it's not going to cost me leadership capital, which hey, look, there's times we have leadership capital in the bank and if I've been working with Dave for five years and we've done a bunch of stuff Okay, just like that young Marine, if he's lead well, he's going to say, you know what? And all you think, you know, you want more word out of you and you're going to get fired. It means when Dave, when Dave decides he's going to spend a little bit too much money on the company credit card, I don't just go well, I don't really eat him like cross line. After those things, those and walla and just almost like less than a month into it, less than a month into a three month trial walla came to us and said, we want you know the stores. Now, that little question and answer session that we're having kind of leads to a discussion where we're actually having a discussion, well, you know, sometimes I just like to fidget. And that's a two-way street too because if I'm running a grocery store and I've got a cashier, I'm not going to spend all day every day just talking to that cashier about long-range strategic things for the company. Echo, if you don't like flipping burgers, you more than anyone else should say, you know what I'm going to do? So we're still, we still have a possibility that you kind of see what a good move is and you're kind of on board with what I'm saying, which is what I'm trying to do this whole time is I'm trying to influence you, right, trying to lead you, trying to influence you. And if you're using the line like, hey, if I just draw the line, then, then Jocco's not going to cross the line. Getting into the conclusion, like war, competition serves policy, but usually does so over longer spans of time, these long time lines lead us to look for policies, aims in our enduring national interests with aspects of these interests emphasized by current state of domestic policies, politics. And as a pilot, obviously, we think about that too, as the competitive advantage makes other people go, well, maybe it's just not worth going to war with them. Right, like if you think about all the interactions that America has globally for the last 240, 50 years, all these interactions all the time are constantly happening, tariffs and sanctions and all of these things are happening all the time.