He's in like the, he's in the, beyond opposite direction where he's thinking that he wants to like prove and be, be a part of the team, you know, the opposite of competing, exact opposite, and it's funny you say that two words like, oh, that was checkmate, where he was like, one that came up when he's like, hey, kill the guy, he's like, not gonna do it, he's like, in fact, you know what, I'm tired of this whole thing, I'm turning you guys in, he's like, yeah, go ahead, but what's gonna happen when they pull your blood, you've been smoking weed and math all day or not math, it was like PCP or whatever, all day having you and he's like looking at him, you can see the wheel, you're getting a smoke PCP or is it like intertwined in the pot? So it was weed, so he made them smoke the weed and then after he smoked it he was like, dang, I didn't know you smoke BCP, he's like, you did, I haven't, but you have now, you know, like that kind of like, like, did Denzel's character smoke weed as well? Then soon, like right after he's like, hey, I know it's crazy, I know, but this how it is, you know, we gotta be wolf. So it's kind of like, he learned, it's almost like he'd Jake felt like he was learning this big, huge impactful lesson at that time, you know? If we would have, you know, if we didn't deconstruct it that moment, you could have got shot like, like, some things where we got away with it, right? There was a time in training day, in the beginning, he meets a metadiner, and he's like, oh, the guy Jake, he's trying to make small talk, you know, it's awkward and a lot of, a lot of, he's reading the newspaper, and he's like, not talking to him, it's awkward. That's almost checkmate, like, hey, dude, well, I'll get you, you need to get pissed tested, and now you're out of the force, and now you're in trouble, now you got a bad reputation, or, not even a bad reputation, you got a, what's, what's an RE4 code in the military where you're not allowed to get a federal job anymore, but you got a bad thing happening, you got a dishonorable discharge. And what's good, what I like about using the word guess, what I like about that is I think, you know, Dave, you were talking earlier about hesitation if you're making an indiscision making process. Where you're just like, oh, yeah, today we're just sort of cruising, where, and actually you're example of like, okay, if you know where you are in the hierarchy, or hierarchy, and you're, let's say you're high, and you have all these challenges, people or entities, right? It's a great screening tool because I know the Marine Corps wants people that think that they want, they want people that have big egos in the sense that they think they can do things in their heart. And, and I don't mean to like presume that I know what you, you know, what you, you were thinking, but hey, do you want to just be in the Navy? Uh, you could be a diver, or like, and you could go to the military, like, and even, and I'm, I'm implying like it's kind of crazy. Yeah, and when you think about like immediate action drills, which you'll have, you know, in a platoon where if we get, if we get, if we get shot at, here's the immediate action is going to happen without anything. When you see what's going on in Syria, when you see what's going on in the Middle East, when you see what's going on in Europe, when you see what you start to think about all those things from a more holistic viewpoint and you overlay the fact that it's one big competition which looks. He's like, but you want, I read the newspaper for the stories or blah, blah, blah, he says it's like, so you gotta tell me a story. Oh, the first escalation starts in the beginning, so like right, the way he talks to him in the beginning, where you could tell this guy, Jake is like, he just wants to make the team, he wants to do everything. If, if you lined up like 10 fighter pilots today and like, hey, do you want to go fly in the back seat of an authentic P51 from World War II? And what, what that should tell us is that they know, which is even more reason for them to be competing all the time, because they know where they sit and they don't like being there. You know, like, hey, what do you like? You get hit with the, the natural ability to, like I remember when I took the test for officer candidate school and they're showing you pictures and what is this, is this plain, they're showing, like, I was even going into aviation or anything. And you probably know this, but every single day at work at echelon front, no matter what good work we've done, no matter what impact made, no matter what the client tells me, how great echelon front is, every single new phone call, every single, every time I do the same thing I've done 100 times, I think about that. Yeah, it does kind of the more you think about it, the more it becomes like, yeah, like a ten out of ten. But when the 90s it was like, hey, you got to do these protocols that the big Navy follows and so you'd see, oh, well, you know, these guys are square to weather. I believe between now I know that they must spend some money because they have advertisements and they have, you know, commercials and stuff like that. And even if the return is like all negative, it's such a small move that the risk of even that 100% negative feedback is like, hey, that's good information. But if taking action versus not taking action, if you just reduce it just to the mindset, like then you can kind of understand like, And it's, there is no like, death-friends like, I don't want to make the old man look bad. You know, me in seal training was, oh, guys are going to go to whatever, you know, go to the mall, go try and meet girls or whatever. Where he's like, yeah, you gotta kind of, get to push it far sometimes, you know, to throw them out.