And I called my parents on speakerphone and, and, and, Lafes like Santa and their list, I'm like, hey, I just want to let you guys know, you know, we made New York Times bestseller and us, you know, with the book that I wrote with Lafes and my mom's like, oh, we'll see how long it's on their phone. But, but it does create that that it helps perpetuate this scenario, just describe and, you know, to whatever small percentage there are leaders in the military, just like every other organization that got their way, they, they, they got their way through and it, and they're not good leaders because they do exactly this and, and I'm, I'm thinking too of of not just a scenario where you're my subordinate leader and I go, hey, I want to done this way, Jaco. Even though he would go and interview people, like those quotes he's going to, he would interview people absolutely, but still he's going to, he's going to make that story kind of the way he wants it. Like hey, you guys all got to know this, this, this, this and know it good. And he was breaking into the landing zone can't trail out no way of knowing that these were enemy rocket rounds not American rounds coming from other bases the dark suit and men up slope he identified as enemy he knew that he knew that camouflage rig which from a distance made made them to him look like so many turtles. I would like to know if Lieutenant Colonel Rutland Beard was ever charged with negligence for ordering Charlie Company commander Captain Don Warren to leave his mortar platoon behind in a vulnerable position with no infantry support while the rest of Charlie moved out. And I rebutted that guy and said, well, if what you're going to do is just, you know, bark to them, shut up and do it, whether you believe it or not, that's not going to have a good outcome and here's why I went through the whole thing. It's kind of like college in a way, you know, you have like all these prerequisites. And the article, I mean, this book didn't paint Kirby in such a bad light as the manual did, which made him just sound like a complete, you know, Lacks a days ago guy that just let all the stuff go and didn't have any discipline and didn't follow any good protocols. Because right before that, you're looking at your fingernails and like you're, you know, I don't know if you worked out today, whatever you're looking at. See, see, right, you're not like, you know, really understanding, like, okay, seven, one range. And when you in your own mind predetermined the way the outcome is going to be it makes you so much less flexible and adaptable and incapable of maneuvering the way you need to and you know it's all on retrospect. Are we going to push back or we're going to, you know, Are we going to fight back up the chain of the end? So, yes, I know for that, if you think that that's cool, if you think you want to represent that way, that's a good deal. But at the same time, I'm reading this book thinking, well, you know, SLA Marshall, he's not necessarily a guy that's going to, he just wants a really good story. Well, it happened because of you because you as a leader demanded things happen the way that you want, and I'm picturing, I mean, and I was struggling early with this guy with, with the company commander, not being able to reconcile, and that's just me piecing things together. I think in two days, you know, and burned through it was like 10 o'clock and I get's in the bed and she says up way too late and finishes in two nights. There's a panic of hey, like you know if you call me Dave you're on the on the else you call me a hey, John, I need to put right now. What if I just said, hey, you need more people going to be like, all right. It's like, you know, I think it was, it was a book you're reading a long time ago where they'd have a name. And you think of science, I think of like all this research and all this analysis and all the things, you know what the science of organizations is? When you when you was a leader get something in your head when you kind of create what you think is the outcome when you when you get comfortable with what you think you know the outcome or the situation is and you sort of solidify that it's really hard to change that. But I'm sitting on this kind of LZ, we're kind of, it's almost like a little bit secure, and these guys are going to go on patrol. You got to make sure that they know they're going to give you that support, that mutual aid if you need it. Kirby Elsa's friends are ready to warn and tell them they are under attack and need immediate immediate air and artillery support a stunned warn acknowledges immediately calls battalion for fire support and orders is company to turn around head back up the hill. So this is a I know it seems crazy to think that you couldn't tell the difference between you know American soldiers and Viet Kong. They're just a little bit more like gal to, like, man, I just, I kind of just shouldn't have done that. And the other thing that's interesting about this is, you would think that we could be sitting here saying, as to, you know, military leaders that you and I were, it's very easy to say, we could, you and I could be sitting here having a conversation where look, discipline is paramount. So, I'm saying, look, if you have discipline, you go to freedom, or you have good, or you have like one of the hoodies or something like this, you don't run that risk. It's all that informal training that and maybe I'm wrong about the doctors because I don't know what medical schools like, but I can only imagine that you get a heck of a lot better. Even this guy who's looking for problems, he's got that attitude where I'm going to go look for problems and we're not going to find him. So like, you know how you have basic training, right? This guy wants to go find people facing death, but then he says they don't worry about they're going to be in any problems, because I'm so lucky that nothing's going to happen. And we're going to push through the last few pages of this book that we didn't cover last time, but then we're going to dive deeper into the last example, which I actually moved to the end. This guy warns who's he doesn't really know he knows that his guy is a good guy and that he's calling for help and it says that's enough for him to realize that there's something really, really bad. But they would say, you know, be like three or four guys that would be able to take a lion because they could maneuver in from different angles and they could eventually kill the lion. And you're not like, well, me, you know, I was kind of thinking maybe plan B is better than plan A. And I just put it on my story and it's just story after story people going in, tagging wall wall and just emptying the shelves and like buying everything they can. But I'm just saying for the rest of, you know, like, I don't think about it. Warren and Charlie Company meanwhile were beating their way along the ridge on the way back from Hill 766, having broken camp at 100, at 100, a fairly wide trail runs from the top of the scarf, the entire distance. And by the way, they're going to get left with 22 people in a mortar platoon, which is again, we'll dive more into that. We need to make their plan, all those things that we talk about all the time, which is it's just shocking that people still, you know what? there's a people who know and they essentially, they know what to do and what the protocols are in a vacuum. So, you know how like when you go to the movies, right? Hearing the helicopters coming and going, Johnson, who got off the hill and evaded the enemy slowly approaches the LZ, only to face the muzzle of an M16 held by PFC Morgan. Lieutenant Colonel Rutland Beard, commander of the first battalion, 12th Cavalry, first cavalry division, and his operations officer Major William Roll are insisting that Captain Don Warren, Charlie Company commander, leave his 20 man mortar platoon alone on landing zone, and then move down the steep precipice toward the valley below. Look, I got all sorts of things going on in my head right now. So I don't want someone to press stop walk out and like that's what's going through their head. Which is like sort of the thing, the cool thing for a book, right? Vietnam's ancient Imperial City on February 17, D company was assaulting a defended position along a riverbank outside Way City when it was attacked by rocket and machine gun fire. I'll be like, okay, hey guys listen, we're going to start taking the they almost immediately go into. But if you always think that you're trying to paint a picture for the person on the other end, you've got to think that way. I think it like point eight or something like. Then I want to get up there first thing in the morning said Caston, and by the way I intend to follow the subject all the way through, see the coffins in which you place the bodies. And in an eight the right way to lead is not the right way to lead. You're going to see that you're right, but the picture that he's painted is what's happening he knew something was going to go wrong. Just to recap, you've got the platoon, you've got the mortar platoon in this landing zone. I think I Bet, you know, I think I'll ask, take good. You're going to hang something on your wall is if you're going to hang something on your wall, don't you want to look at it and say that's from Dakota Meyer. In the last defensive position on the western side Kirby assigned a competent and respected leader Sergeant Lewis Buckley with PFC Henry Benton who joined the platoon only two weeks ago Kirby knows little about Benton and the two new privates covering the southern sector a few yards away from Kirby's position. And by the way, if you subscribe to any of these things, the shipping is free because we know that that was kind of an issue. I don't like, you know, bum barger with the work stuff. This guy's gone in seven months or whatever or just, Yeah, this guy's gone in seven months and by the way, we have a, we got a two month trip here. So now you can see where we're going, the sergeant first class of the mortar platoon that we talked about from the squad leader makes a difference. The company took off down, so now here goes the company the company took off down the steep clutching to the rocks, creepers and creepers for balance. So he's got those guys that he doesn't really know too well kind of close to hand. Also, if you need more stuff, you know, to wear off the mats and on, by the way, go to jockelstore dot com. that's not a platoon you think of a platoon you think of multiple machine gunners you think of 40 guys.