And I'm assuming, I mean, given, you know, what I know about you guys is that that you're, you're pretty clear through what you say and what you do that you are supporting them and they are a part of you're like, you know, because some people, let's say, I don't know, just this is a hypothetical situation, but let's say a cop, right? Like that kind of thing where, you know, he kind of, in the back of his mind, he regards his family as something that should, I don't know, serve him while he does his, you know, real life in life, which is being amazing detected. And no one's going to be like 100% focused on that, you know, that situation or the, you know, you go, how you say, you said, I'm a Navy SEAL don't, you know, don't change me or whatever. I like if you're a fighter in the guy, you know, getting knocked out, seeing a guy you knocked out, you know, broken leg or something like that. And then going to the take down part of it, if you know the take down solid, even if you know like three or four really good ones and you're really good at them, that'll change your whole approach and your whole outlook on Judo. How, again, this is like nothing new, you know, but I feel like we're, a lot of us act like that that's simply not true. No, I mean, like, like, like, I was like, oh, I was typing on a computer. So if he just doesn't shell up all of a sudden, you know, I mean, you're, I'm assuming you're going to tell your wife, hey, I'm not going to, this is why, just like, are you saying, you're going to explain everything. But like if you know what life's voice sounds like, sounds like Batman. Yeah, that's a good one that I started to incorporate how you were saying, if I don't feel like it or if I feel like I'm starting to get burnt out, you'll, it's like that one last thing. And what doctors get is this sense of, okay, so not only the job, but it's almost like working on a car because you kind of know all the little working parts and you can fix them, use them together and boom, it works now, you know, kind of, so there's that element of thinking. but it can do it, you know, because it's like a, there might be a small gray area, you know, because they're like, oh, I don't really care that much about the outcome. So if even if I'm, if I don't feel like working out, I'll be like, you know, I'll go, I'll go and work out an easier work out, or I don't want to train GJT. We went out and hit our targets then we were driving back to our big base you know where we had good food and you know internet stuff like that. You know, that, obviously, like you say in that, I'm not going to be like, hey, I never realized that. I mean, you're still, it's like, it's not like you're going to get knocked out 100% of the time, probably not even 50% of the time. And so that for me, that's why I'm, I think that's kind of why I'm doing hard workouts because I'm doing hard workouts because I know that at the end of it, I'm going to be like, yeah, And as for you know, we're talking before the podcast started about how some people, if they're a little bit insecure, but they want to be a tough guy, they got to act like that. Because you have like people watch this TV, like if you, you know, can't remember lost. So it can't be substituted with, hey, you know, that you can't substitute your thinking in regards to this dead person with, you know, part of being part of my goal of my job, you know. And furthermore, I will tell you this, if you get to know the feeling of how you feel when you complete a hard workout, like you go, you know what? And unlike you, I feel like I feel like I don't know. I'm going to feel like a quality human being, like I didn't waste a little section of my life. But it's almost like most people, I don't say most people, but it's almost like people don't really understand that that's true. And so the point being, you know, how any mentions this, how it's like, oh, I'll just do it tomorrow or I'll just do it, you know, the New Year's resolution or whatever. It's like I don't know it's weird it happened so fast or something combined with the adrenaline you don't feel the destruction part of it you know. But I want to imagine it would really come to get you after everything comes down, like how he was saying he didn't even want to take a mouse out of the child dead mouse because it's a reminder in this calm environment, a reminder of just all that death, you know? And if I'll tell you and knowing some judo and especially knowing some judo moves that I feel like I'm pretty solid at, if you do it against the guy who doesn't really know that much judo, it's your choice whether you want to put him on his head or his back. And even if they know ultimately, they can't, they still for a day they might, you know, and it can go back, you know, so back and forth. And she was like, oh, I know, I know what you are. The camel back you know those those they're like thermuses they're like a 13. I mean, the people that are like this, these are people that are either have a big ego or maybe they know more than you. Like, um, you know, I don't know. Let's say you go into, I don't know, you know, party or everyday thing where you could find yourself in a situation where you got to get in a fight or defend yourself or your friend or whatever. But at the time, it seems like there, almost like there could be two kinds of reactions to it where they either get used to it or get tired of it kind of thing. You hear about bayonet fighting, but to think about it on this scale where this is looking more like a scene out of brave heart at this point than it is looking like a modern war. Whereas when you get up, even though it's hard, when you know how good it feels to be done with your workout, that early in the morning, be like, yeah, Sure, but probably like three days if you're a competitor, three days, you're like, man, I want to get back on the mats. So, if I do that, if I'm like, you know what's great, I'm not getting the tomatoes or I'm just going to go ahead and settle for the wrong one. Do they disburger King the company kind of make a deal with you know the government be like hey we want to fly Burger King. So if you, if you're into it, you know, like, I look forward to going training at a new spot. So if you like the jockelpodcast, you're probably going to like here in the extreme ownership read by us. And it can kind of keep you in positionally, it can keep you in safe areas when you're standing up because you know like these weird positions where you're on balance and that guy's off balance or you you're controlling the guy's weight when you're standing up. I want to know when I want everyone to know and understand and to see the hell, the darkness that crushes youth and laughter. The bullets on the knees stung like I had been hit with a whip and the bullet that cut through the arm and the one which left its mark on my face felt like a drop of hot water had hit me. The only thing that makes you feel like you're going to be as life stagnation is death in life. But as long as like how you're saying, you communicated that early and she is a strong enough person to be like, understand that and understand the value of that throughout the whole process. Trying to eat just, you know, I might eat something really good like stakes. It's going to be worth it because when I get done with this, I'm going to feel like X. Right. Don't abuse that one though because you know how, you know, people will have that attitude, but then sometimes they'll let it overflow and it'll get, it'll make itself. Be like, yeah, whatever is going to happen is going to happen. But can you imagine, I mean, you're just seeing dead body after dead body after dead body, after dead body after dead body after dead body after dead body because it's on and on and on? I know, but when you're watching TV, which is just, I think, a huge one that that people waste their time on, I mean, I can get some inspiration from TV with cinema stuff because I'm in video. Man, if you can get to that point where you know, and you just is kind of a weird one where it's really good, really, really good exercise. And I put that in there because you're gonna see a pretty common theme in the way this guy lived his life which was to be stronger, faster, better, smarter, always trying to improve himself, always trying to be the best Bob Hoffman that he could be and obviously that's how he ended up running a giant you know organization for weightlifting and fitness. You know, where, you know, you should be home at a certain time. It's like, you're just, if you're like, I'm tired of training every day or whatever, you had to turn them in and whatever. But I have to remind people, like, you know what? To their time, which is time is like, when you really think about it, it's the most valuable thing you have. So that they understand why you're telling them that and then you they can then they can improve and then you could, you know, if the person's a good performer generally, that means it's a type of person that care about how they're perceived and doing a good job. That's a B. You might not agree with this, but if you are like, not, what it'd be burnt out or just tired of you, you know, you're, you just, you just tired of the grind or whatever and you need a break of vacation or whatever. What I sometimes do is don't do like filming for example where there would be times where I would spend months just filming every week, filming in a film, and like, no brick. Like you think you got that million dollar wound that we talk about in a bunch of these episodes where people say, oh, I made it off the front. and they'll be like oh it felt like I'm thinking of a particular story where we're about stabbed by an attacker in the back You know, and, you know, they, I don't think it's unreasonable for wives to have certain expectations. And you think that, I mean, the doctor's who did a good analogy, but the thing that the doctor has, and I was talking to Luke, you know, Dr. Luke, we're talking about it. And I got to let him go and develop and hang out with his friends because he's got to know these guys better than anybody in the world. Some people, a lot of people, they don't like, they don't want to recognize all the factors.