I was like, you know, I was like, you know, I was like, you know, I was like, you know, um, um, my cousin of a two and it was before the war, it's just like a normal deployment. but, you know, as far as like our perspective, you know, like, I guess maybe you could get talked through it, like, you know, you hear about these crazy things that people do, right? And so he could be like this young kid, even though like straight up, like someone that young will never be a pilot, like it just doesn't happen like that. You kind of act like you know what you're doing, and you kind of walk past the door man, like you're going to- If someone needs some help, like, hey, you know, you know, the kind of your grandma or whatever is like, hey, can you help me? So even though like VIA Kong there was professional VIA Kong meaning they didn't have some other job but then this is you could say the insurgents and Iraq same thing and you could say that once the insurgents became ISIS and started wearing like black uniforms and flying a big flag that was it's almost like they're not guerrillas anymore. You know, a little bit of both they're going to be less organized than a traditional military unit would be a conventional military unit so they're going to be a little less organized and then that just due to the fact that they're spending some of their time as civilians. And then I'm like, okay, I'm accommodating the other, the, you know, the 15 percent and kind of in a way, in a way, kind of ignoring the 85 percent, the needs of the 85 percent could be. Chinese artillery came alive now in the ground beneath my feet rolled and heaved like the deck of a ship on a raging sea smoke fire and steel split the air like a tornado. And this guy was like the local doctor and he kind of got to know him a little bit. Again, I was like, you know, you get to these points to say, I got, but I really need to go over the, you know, should I read this part? But you bring up a good point from time to time that what if like 85 percent of people already know? But they don't do the answer to like let's say you know the in Vietnam like do the It's surprisingly influential when someone just sounds like and looks like they know what they're talking about. Hey, man, you know what, you know how you know how you know what someone's rank is? It's hard like that kind of stuff to be like, yeah, this person, we captured them already. And I remember there was a guy, you know, like, you know, one of guys was married. He talks about another body of his and doesn't really, well, he doesn't explain what happened because he didn't know what happened but somehow this kid got shot with a 22 caliber like playing around or whatever. It was always like that back then, always some accident or cave in that killed one or two or three men, not any major disaster as the newspapers like to say. Man, I mean, he can't, I'm listening to the book and I'm like, Brad, this guy's going to die soon. Yeah, I like, I don't know the name of the movie, but I know what you're talking about, but I never watched it either. I mean, maybe certain angry, like, if you're angry enough, it's a money, maybe, but I'm well, what's in here's a good, here's a good example of thought processes when he is when he gets told, hey, go burn down that village. But if you're just, you know, raising no suspicion because you look like, you know what you're talking about. Not because we were great sportsmen or anything like that, but simply because we like to eat and eating wasn't simple, wasn't a simple matter for a coal miner and his family in those days. Like, I mean, maybe over simplifying it would be like, that's his 100% purpose in life. He's like a young kid and he'd go and he'd be a pilot and he'd really like do stuff. So if it's someone that's dressing up like a civilian and they're maybe acting like this civilian but they're not in an organized military so they don't have a uniform and they have a chain of command And then they say that there's going to be a 30 man combat patrol that's so a North Korean patrol is going to go down this particular riverbed, do north of the positions at the end. So the big book, the soldier book came out in 1998, he wrote it came out in 1973 or something like that. They hunt just like you hunt Tony and just like your father and your brothers. And I was like a young, you know, single guy at the time. With complete disregard for his own safety, like all those things, that's, that's what he's got going on. And it's weird to like, any one of these actions that he did is so far off the charts of what, what's a what's expected to like a normal award writing above and beyond. Like, you're not going to look into every little thing that happens. I had left it was so crazy to think like that story of him attacking that machine gun asked where he saves the major and all that. If you want some of this stuff, which you should, you know, if you subscribe to it because you don't want to miss it, if you don't want to miss cruel oil, you don't want to miss join warfare. So you've heard Hamburg or Hill, then in this crazy battle and you got the casualties right there, 1,93700 seriously wounded and they had taken the hill before it had been reinforced. There's like embedded desire to be in war for many young men, right? Now I mentioned like for a split second that Fox company was headed up to this hill 868. Maggie's loss, I said to myself, turning back toward the Kansas line, I joined the remnants of what had been easy company moving back up the hill out of the valley and away from hill 868. And they're like, they're just going to hook you up, right? It's like time and time and time again. It's almost like, you know, having to grab a wounded major. If one of the most highly decorated soldiers from the Korean War, a man that you're going to see how often this guy's wounded over and over again, blown up hit with white phosphorus, shot, and bayoneted multiple times. And when he came back with the government commodities, a bag of rice, a bag of raisins, a bag of cornmeal, he had the look of a man who had stood in a line of men going nowhere. Like you feel something brewing on the Chinese side and this guy decides he's going to go to the rear. Because every time he's seems like he's going to have to wait. I can't talk about females because I don't interact with females as much, but like when you're in a single platoon, you're with a lot of guys that what they wanted to do growing up was go to war. It's like, man, he just keeps going back. These people look like they are going to bring the heat. We bound it down back the side of the hill like two fat bears toward where our company command posted been. But Serge, hey man, do I look like soldier of the month material I asked? It's time to catch up to get your bearings, bearings and at time to find out how the war is going for the rest of their vision for the rest of the army. If you want to help service members, if you want to help active duty and retired service members, if you want to help their families, if you want to help gold star families, check out Mark Lee's mom. One of it was him looking at the black replacements going like, yeah, no factor. And like I said, because the vast range of this story is hard for me to wrap my head around it and present it, and figure out how to present it. A couple of days later, halfway up another hill I was ordered to turn my platoon over to my assistant and report back to company headquarters where I was provided with a Jeep to regiment bypassing Italian, another Jeep to division and on the sole 8th Army headquarters. If you want to learn lessons from the battle of Gettysburg, if you want to walk the battlefield and see where General Lee in Long Street in AP Hill and General Mead and Colonel Joshua Chamberlain, you come to that spot on little round top where Joshua Chamberlain and the 20th main. You think that's like, you go, okay, that's kind of crazy. No bullshit and he gave orders like a man who knew his stuff. Like, let's say revolution war, civil war, whatever, whatever, whatever mayhem, I'll be flying this flag. Because I'm reading this thing and I'll be like, well, I can't read the whole book and then you read something crazy. We were next to a machine gun and between us we laid down a field of fire that cut them down like a skythmoing wheat. Maybe I need to make a, maybe I need to make a psychological warfare track of what to do when you don't feel like making a psychological warfare. Then with bayonet fixed out of ammo, right on the edge, the earth gave way beneath my feet and I was going backwards. Both sides called off artillery and shouts came along the hill to keep it moving and keep going forward. You could get away with a lot because they don't have- They don't have, you know, you could- you could kind of make things happen, right? No, so you can't just like, and I did it with one hand because that's something else in my hand because I was doing some other stuff at the same time. They moved forward towards us in the early light, like walking dead in a cheap horror film. His moving up the old man said we've got to have that hill today. So there's a little little leadership, you know, little leadership scenario. I think it's like eight pounds per gallon, right? I could hear planes coming in on the dive, men started running for the positions before I even had time to shout the planes drop their ordinance right overhead. You just act like you know what you're doing. I had left a listening post three men above and forward of the original positions when the Chinese moved in they came around midnight at about company size. Anyway, if you got to say somebody, you know, and you got to put them on your shoulder and run them. Just like, you know, you're sneaking into a concert. I was like, pump, you know? You know, something to be like, well, where are you from? Then without waiting for a Roger any other bullshit like I'd been getting all day I gave the word to saddle up. What they're like, what's going on. The funeral said at St. Edwards where I was an altar boy that priest took the water shaker from me and began to sprinkle its contents on the casket and I remembered that I stood there before the altar trying to figure out at which end of the great metal box they'd placed Joe's head and which end his feet. It's almost like a crazy irony where he's A-wall, but he's A-wall because he's not A-wall. This time they came up the hill and battalion strength but this time all of our weapons worked. I tried to explain what was really on that hill that neither George company nor the entire betayan was going to take it now. And now, you can see Captain West is like, hey, now do you want to go burn down the village? And okay, like let me, let me literally break the law. I've also sent a picture of a very hackworth-like story about a guy named Tony Herbert. I mean, it's one of those things where it's like, yeah, they chose to look into it. Like, you don't want to run low on whatever supplementation is making you strong.