Yeah, it says like I had all this stuff like man, like I knew like the five essays of like, you know, how to get a child to like, you know, to calm down, like all this stuff. Like, like, like, like, like, I couldn't imagine if you thought you were going to go out and party and you took, you know, six to eight grams of still siren, like, for me personally, maybe I'm weak, but I, I just, I couldn't imagine and like, there's nothing about it. So, you know, for me, I'll go and talk to a company or I'll go and talk to people or I'll talk on this podcast about the worst days of my life, right, when I lost guys and it's, I believe it's helpful because I've like, okay, I've talked about, I've written this down, I've explained what this situation is, even even, you know, giving like, ulegies for my friends at their, at their memorial services, like you have to kind of think through things and you have to process them and then you write down and then you like even that for me, it's socks and it's freaking horrible, but at the same time, I know that it allows me to sort of gather together my thoughts and put them in some kind of perspective. Like I was still like my anxiety just you know, and for me, like the only thing that I like when I look back at it, whatever, what would always got me to the point of where I'm like, I don't know if I'm going to wake up tomorrow was anxiety. And so that's why I say like when they're like, like there'd be like a little thing like, uh, they could tell like how much weight they had on. And I know that a lot of it is like note like you, you, you think of firefighting, you think of like a movie like back draft where it's like all kind of dangerous, but heroic. And you'll say like a few little words just like, you know, like I'll be coming down and he'll just like say something else and gauge and it's like, there we go again. Like, you know, I talk about, I kind of, you know, like one of the stories I talk about in here that I felt like, you know, my cousin Steven was, I mean, you talk about a guy who was always there for me, right? and I was like, okay, I mean, like if my friend can escape this pain and this suffering that you're in, like I want at least other people know about it and listen, there's like, there's all kinds of things you need to think about. So you just put it like you just put like a little bit of water in there and then see if it mixes it up and if you need just a little bit more, you put it in there until it's basically like a like mud like mud I trust like, like, you like, if you tell me something, like, I know, I know it's what you would do. Not like as an adult, but you know, like as a kid, you know, like you could into like your first fight. and I'll do, like, I'll do a big dose, like, like, like a six or six or seven grams of psilocybin and then like, how, I'm good. 100% my whole, in fact, my whole experience of like being in combat was the most, the most gentle, like rot, like the first operations I did were like, no, that was like nothing. Now I start like, like, you know, like I came home from that I would gain experience and like, I got to see the world and a place that I've never seen it. You know, it's just, it's so random that if you did hang your hat on that one thing, it's like, that's like saying, hey, that's like, that's like, I won the loto. Like, if I needed something to know, like, the dude would be like, like, hey, I killed this guy. Like, like, if I call Tim Kennedy up and I said, hey, man, like if he thought I was filling so far for myself, I was like, hey, man, I think I'm just going to end it today. And, uh, just, just stuff like that, like, lessons of, hopefully, if I can't meet somebody that they can read this book and, and maybe it touches their life to say, you know what, maybe I'm doing this in my life right now before I go and, and mess it up, even worse, you know, maybe I, you can look at this as, as a little bit of perspective that maybe maybe some mentorship, you know, um, but And, and then when you say you feel it coming, it's just like, hey, tomorrow, like I feel like I'm nervous about tomorrow or is it like, hey, I'm starting to feel nervous right now. How often do you feel like that anxiety is coming and you go like, like, how often do you feel like, oh, I better get a little bit of a little bit of a suicide and help me get through this. And yet, it seems like, you know, if I, when someone goes through something like this, you've got to like give them some support, you know? That's literally the next thought I had was like, I wonder if like, because you know how you you've went through like some stuff, you know, with especially in the hardcore scene and all this stuff. So like I think that's what's, I think that's where you, like that, that's, that's, that's what's awesome about is like you're kind of like, for just for me. Like you, you can't change the narrative to like, that's where people get wrongness or like, well, like they just defy stuff in their head. And that's where I think like my perspective has changed on all this, like with my teammates or with all the people I've seen die and all this, like, you know what's kind of cool is, man, is I, for some reason, I keep getting put in these positions and it's an honor because I get to be the person that's there with them as their soul leaves their body and how cool is that to be able to share that moment with somebody. And so like for me, it was like, yeah, that day, that day out, like, if it comes down to fighting, like, I fought myself. And you know, you talk about Ed Loutkiss and you talk about Don Esman and you talk about, like, all these incredible people inside of Toyota, like these people, like met me and they've mentored me the whole way. Yes, like, like, I don't know if you like Rocky root ice cream, but let's say you know, I'm a marshmallow. But like, I do enjoy the therapy side of working out of of staying in shape, of being able to, you know, know that that if we get a fire, I can go perform or knowing that I can get us out, you know, like, I mean, I, I, I still get a truck to go get after it, right? So like I ask them, I'm like, I just need to see somebody like maybe to give me like some blood pressure medicine or something to help me get this, just get through this. And, and you were just like, it was like, it was like, all, it's like I was watching my life on a TV screen. And I, uh, like, I was just, like, I just felt like I was such a trash that I was falling just like, I just, I don't care anymore. And so it's a way of, um, um, I guess just working through the problem, like it's like almost like stretching your when you're sore, you know, you stretch out, right? Like I got to see like with a relief that I had never felt, I didn't know that people could really walk around like this. Yeah, so like if you look at like if you, you know, when you read it, you know, I haven't looked at it because you know what, you can give it to me. So it's those things that like, you know, I got like me and like you, you've had to talk me down. He's like, uh, you never know, like, if they hung themselves with something, other, like I never even thought about that, right? You know, you know, really look at, take a hard look in the mirror and, and it starts with accountability and like a lot of people want to avoid accountability because as soon as you recognize, as soon as you say and look in the mirror, it's like, hey, I'm fat. I mean I'm scared, I won't even go, like I remember when I call my doctors if I need to go talk to somebody at therapist or something like I come up with a route of how I can go in the back door so nobody sees me so that they can publicize, oh look, look there's the code of going like there's something wrong with them. And you know, like speeches kept going and like events and things like that. Like, was drinking and, and going out and, and, you know, punching people in the face, like, you know, and in the new book, we, we have coming out, right? Like, like, like, anytime I handed out soccer balls to the kids, or I went out front of the gate, you know, I was just trying to make their day a little bit better. But, you know, what Tim was saying is like, there's, there's like an anti-addictive, like, um, because you can't, you don't want to do it every day. And then I'm, hopefully I'll start doing some part time stuff, start picking up some shifts at this, this, uh, one of my, one of my closest mentors in the fire service, Sam Stacks has just been there for me the whole time and just kind of led me through like he's like the, we call him though, you know, you know, the white bearers, right? And, and like, you know, like, people like, all do cares. You know, you can't, like, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, hear me out on this, but like life is nothing more than like a, uh, and you're gonna laugh when I've defined it. Like, you can't let it define you because if you do let it define you, then you're defining yourself on the fact, it's like, it's like defining yourself on, you know, how tall you are. Like it was, like I didn't know you could feel like that. Well, for me, like I said, I've got you and when you got, I actually like I'm like, how was it, man? And so like, you know, in the way forward, it's just about life, like a lot of stories that I told today, you know, that I've against stories in there, right? And one of my friends, Tim Ferriss, is like, just to say, like, when you're like, oh, this hippie stuff, that's kind of the way I think, too, right? You know, a lot of times people, they see us as that, that, that, you know, we don't struggle or we don't have hard days, because we don't necessarily walk around and talk about all the time, but like the hardest, even the hardest people on earth, they got hard, not because easy times, they got hard because of hard days, and they got through it. And, um, man, she got up and like, she like, She like, patting me on the back and she said, uh, It's okay, daddy. You know, he said something like, oh, nice shot, you know, the dudes were like, oh, you guys want some? Like, the people who hype me up on my bullshit, like when I call up and I'm like, who, yeah, what do you think about this? So, you know, it sounds like you were in that mode, but then you thought to yourself, you know, it's pretty, what you've just said of like realizing, hey, I can't change it, why did I do it, what can I do to move forward? I mean, you know, I mean, like, could you, can you really walk into a ring and say you're going to like, and knock people? Like, but as you know what, like, but I know who to call, right? But, um, like you said, like, it's like these, these things are one to two, maybe three sessions and you don't need it anymore. Like you talk about sticking with me through thick and thin and believing in a cause of, of, you know, of helping veterans and just, like you take them out of, out of, you know, if I had to met them in 2012, there's no time where I'd be. I mean like I was like tearing up because like I could just, I could feel how lonely that guy was. Like, I, I mean, it's even hard for me to talk about like honestly, like, it just upfront. Like, what was it that made you feel like you're like, the people just constantly talking to you. So when you get done, like how long did it take for the, for the damn ceremonies and the round of interview, I remember you and I were talking on the phone, I forget when, but you were talking about like you were on 60 minutes, you were on all the, like every, what freaking lettermen, you did everything. So you know, you talk about like American boys, like that's the first chapter taking aim, find your heroes, you know, drilling and open your eyes. You know, like, you know, like an Halloween, they have those rough, good start. And it's still like speeches kept going, like, I mean, you still walk out places and people recognize you and, you know, everybody's coming at you and wanting you and this and that. You know, like, like, you know, I, I just changed my whole life. Like I was like gone, like to a tube, right? And yeah, after I blended it up, it was like, oh, this is kind of like almost like a pudding. And I just couldn't believe that like there were such, there were like, I had to like, I'm in Mexico and there's two people who genuinely care about me. But it's also, I mean, it's also like, like, what if, what if like a fighter gets in the ring and he gets a win? Like it's hard for me to even talk about in this room because it's like, this is something that I, in this room, a year ago, two years ago, would have looked at like, what are you doing? So like the DOD, the Marine Corps, like combat camera people, like capturing this. Like, I honestly think that Tim would be like, oh, I just make sure you leave all your cool, like, how can I have your two guns? So where does like, I know a while ago, you know, you had like anxiety. I mean, the only, a lot of times, you know, my, my biggest thing is is, is not like people talk about being in like the, the dark places. Like in the early G. J. J. J. J. J. There was like this thing in Brazil, where they would wear like, it's called a song. Because like you said earlier, like it's like a breaking point. Like if you took how I feel when my daughters give me a hug or that that unconditional love, like that's what the whole place felt like. So like when you, like what, how old, like where were you at in your life? He's dad's like, is that like 45 years old like a Lieutenant Commander up there just get, they get into firefight's bro. Like I can, like you, you give hope to a guy like me. And that's why like, that's why when these people are like trying to discredit or they're trying to say, oh, you know, whatever, I mean, I can't argue with them. I go down to do this DMT and I, I laid down and as soon as you go, like, it's almost like it, it was like feet first. I put that in there about how like between Tim, Shane, and Brandon, my friends about how like, you know, you got the sword, the shield in the armor, right? So then it's like, you just, it's like a, it's like this slope of just. Like, it's like, it was like this spinning. In many cases older people, but people that are people like you what, what we're talking about where people that would never think about doing anything like this in their lives and they haven't for 40, 60, 80 years and they're doing these drugs in order to overcome or be comfortable as they face death. You know, you talk about Ed, I mean, I go back, keep talking about Ed Larkis and you talk about a guy who just, I mean, he was like a second dad, you know what I mean? I mean, you know, I just seen that one of my, like one of my teammates, his daughters, you know, she's about to have a baby and you know, you just, it's just, it's crazy. Um, it's kind of like calling up a trainer and thinking that you, you know, you can go to the best gym, you can have the best trainer and the best nutritionist, but you still got to put it in the work, you still got to eat the right food, and you still got to show up and do it, right? You know, like, it was just, uh, and so I, um, Then I was like, I got to do something different. And you know, so like that day, I got the cool parties is like, that's my, that day's my kryptonite. And so like any time I got to give a speech or talk to people and tell them the realities of it, you know, I just wanted to know that hey, look, you can get your ass kicked and get back up from it. You know, like I was, I was like, it was really crazy all the way up to, I got it in September 15th of 2011. Like I've always had this way of finding great people and knowing who good people were, who I should try to be like, I was really good at figuring those out and making them believe in me, right?