So automatically you feel sense of competition when you see a guy near you in your, like, environment, you know, like, if you're, you got, you got to the gym or you got a GG2, like, what happens if the new guy walks in and he's about your size and he walks into the GG2? I was like a cool victory for the class and everyone was all laughing and fired up, you know, like we're going to be so perfect that people are going to get angry with us. There's like more to it, you know, it's like you're saying that, you know, you know, you're doing it. Yeah, and even at the time where it seems valuable, sure trust, but it's times like this where that trust is going to shine even more, you know, when you can just say, you don't even have to say why I do it because you just know. Let's say, you know, that really the question I was wondering is like in life, you know, God was there and he said, okay, I'm going to bestow one of these on you in just in your life. Like, like, a little bit of results, like, like, heradicate, remember heradicate when he's making them. And if I go too strong in one direction, I'm going to affect your, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to offend your ego. And if all you're going to do is beat your head against it, eventually you're going to, you're going to not make and you're going to die. You're like, hey, choose this class at this time and this time you're like, you almost, it's almost like one of the biggest tests in college is if you can pass everything that you just talked about. You know, and you're just like, yeah, guys are going, that's the last thing I want to do. So again, the better relationship you have, the easier this is going to be because you're going to have that little mental unification of the commanders intent and of the task and purpose and you're going to be able to be thinking along the same path. Yeah, or if I have a, yeah, anything, you know, anything that I think up to build or buy, you know, because of other people like me thought it up From being in platoons myself from growing up in the teams and then going into combat and then training platoons and then going into the corporate world and seeing what leadership does like there and the context of that. So if you're not that into grades and stuff in high school and you don't see that clearly like how you would if you're like 27, 28 years old coming back and seeing like the real value of education and college and stuff. Then you can imagine what the morale is like day after day you're going out as we just said, going out, walking through the bush just in order to get blown up. Then I'm going to hang out for a little bit, eat some dinner and then I'm going to go and, you know, finish up and review stuff. And only way you're going to be able to do that, the only way you're going to be able to figure out if you're just being too smart or not smart enough or too tough or not tough enough is to be able to detach and step back and look and see assess the situation. Because if you're letting your, let's say you got sales people and you say, oh, you know, what don't worry about making some phone calls today, you know what, I don't want to push you too hard. This is not some people here this kind of talk that I'm saying and all of a sudden they want to turn into a super hyper aggressive person that's going berserk on everybody and trying to enforce every little order and every little discipline so hard that it breaks the guys down. And you know, I think part of it, and you talked about this the other day, you were talking about how, when you know due to, if you know due to, then you can, you have a certain context that you can learn due to due. So the reason I highlighted that is because when we start talking about hackworth and what he does, you're going to see that he's going to, like the terms he uses here is gung-hole lieutenant drove the troops. Because if you make that decision that you want to crush it, if you want to make the decision that you're going to prove to people that you know what? And that's one of the things that I kind of think of why people like this podcast and that's sort of like what I have to offer is I've seen a lot of these things from a leadership perspective. Like when someone comes into the gym and they're mad dog and me, it's not hard for me to be like, hey man, what's going on? Now these kids that you're going to be going to college with, they're not going to have this attitude. Now, some classes you're going to love, and they're going to, you're going to learn a lot from. We're going to call in the meta-vac, we're going to get them out of the best weekend if they're not dead and then we're going to keep walking until it happens again. What we learned today, I'm using that, like, on a, like, back to a video game where, um, you know, you choose your guy or your kid. Like I said, when your 18 coming out of high school, everyone's talking with your parents or talking about it most likely kids around you're like, hey, I got into this college. Like boom, boom, playing to and then now when I get to up or whatever, I'm like, oh, shoot, I'm kind of like a upgraded person now. And then you tell them, you know, that's what you're going to look like. Like you're like, hey, I know I'm not mentally tough. Like whatever, like the test was like this almost a way to just show off how powerful that is. I remember I had this, and you know, what at UH, there's like, you know, there's There's a small classes in this lecture classes. And so one day we had these, like, speeches, like, you have to like read up on something and then present. You know, life and I were having a conversation with some of our clients and as they were kind of talking about the same thing about, you know, giving people orders and they're not listening and what do you do? So after a while, you start to be like, oh, I didn't know there was a knee bar from here with only like two steps. Like you know the kind of like, it is a 100% blow to the SOP. I love to roll with you sometime, you know, if you get the chances, you know, I know a really respect your all's game. Like if you're into English and you get to take advanced grammar and syntax, you're going to be sitting in there like yes, this is rocks. You're going to be thinking like, you know what? Like the trap of like, okay, but thinking about it, not as like party. So, I'm going to go back to the original question or we'll question, we answer a little while ago about college, like go to college and improve your smartness. So if you're going to drill, don't just drill the way you think it's going to be drill the strange variations that it could possibly be. It seemed like he did, but I know, but it's, it's basically, he'll be like, he'll, he'll yell out a position. And he's going to take a little bit of time for them to recognize it, but once they recognize it, they're going to be on board. Yeah, fully in the, when, when you first meet someone's up here, especially guys, guys, have this a lot where if they're even close to being you identity wise, like, you know, within a certain age of you, within a certain build of you or whatever, your brain goes into this real focus mode, this small part of your brain. The boy that cried wolf and you want to give every order and people stop listening to you, even though we're in the military and even though there's a chain of command and even though they're supposed to listen to me, you abuse that thing and people will stop listening to you, unless you, the, the more you talk, the less people listen and the less you talk, the more people listen. But when you actually step up and lead and you explain to them why this is important you explain to them why this is why this is going to keep them alive and why it's going to make the company more successful, then you will actually get traction and you will get loyalty. So even if the GJ teams wide open, I got to give that up and throw them Uma Plata on you, it's going to make me, it's going to force me to be creative to bring about the different position that's not so obvious. And at the same time, like how you're saying, you exercise your creativity, then you can, you can stick to them, but at the same time, you can know when to break the rules so to speak. Like he would come up and say, hey, jockel, I think it might be a good, you know, push the vehicles down the road. So just to reiterate what he just did, he's going around in personally talking to all the leadership and all the soldiers, everyone, personally talking to them all and telling them what was expected of them and why they were going to be the best. But when you know that, hey, if I'm stepping up to lead right now, I need to pay attention to look around and see how people are taking it and make sure that I'm getting the support of people. Just because you went and got immersed in a kindergarten class doesn't mean you would learn faster than if you got immersed in a real life college, you know, or open just normal life situation. Like when I, you know, when we're out in the field and when I was out in the field with a little tunes, I sell them, gave an order over the radio because I wanted my guys to lead. But he starts off with a little bit of trust in them, you know, because he saw him, you know, he's a credit guy. And I think, I think one of the reasons that people like this is because I can just sort of help and put these things in the context a little bit better. I'd sit in the little desk and I could look like Arnold Schwarzenegger and like a little kid's desk. Because when it comes to peer leadership, this turns into like there's a little ego struggle going on. And also, of course, if you want to continue this conversation, like we just talked about or you want to ask questions you want to give us feedback. Well, but then again, if if people think that you're going to like respond to it, they might not get an accurate. There's, you know, or times where maybe you have time, but it's going to affect or impact the ability to make an immediate execution, which is what oftentimes you're looking for. But you have a standard thing that customers are going to say when they call you and you can drill through all the standard responses that you're going to give them. They're not going to, then that means your business isn't going to perform the way your business is supposed to perform. If I went back to college for, you know, if I found myself in that situation, about it, just like how you said you bring your A game. So first, when you just don't want to be there, then every word, like someone telling you what to do or something that you got to go do, man, everything, every little thing.