You know, of course, that kid, crowed about that, you know, and I mean six months later, I'm hopping on a C-17 pulling a pump over to Iraq and this sergeant, you know, is crawling into my fart sack, you know, getting ready to take my ambient, go to La La land and he, he said, hey, sir, I just want to tell you, you know, that kid still just brags about change in policy. You know, but you come with that sort of, hey, we can do this and you know, I took more of a focus on the human side, you know, and, you know, build in the unit, doing a lot of leader development stuff and PT and the crap out of them every chance I got, you know. And, you know, at first it was quite a, you know, quite a dust up, you know, I'd walk into, you know, a little bird company and, you know, the guys are like, what the hell are you doing down here? And he said, but I got to go out and run with like the slowest people out there and formation run, you know, it's a bunch of garbage, you know, why don't we have an incentive P.T. program, which is pretty common, you know, you score above a certain score and you, you know, you can sort of do your own thing. Probably environmentalists were our biggest challenge just like you said, those sams are you see one of those things coming on me and you're like, Mommy, you know, I mean it's like, you know, this is not going to end well, you know. You know, Saoam like, you know, they're giving me some army report about, you know, readiness and like, so certainly you know about this. It's still, you know, I mean, you know, it's wrapping up there in Afghanistan now, but, you know, the ones, you know, I always joked when I'd talked to my counterparts. You know, but, and I wouldn't get into a, like, flying instruments in it or anything like that, you lose more of the procedural stuff, like, you know, all instruments is, you know, flying into clouds. You know, they're not going to get everything, you know, but, you know, I tried to, you know, make sure they understood, they were appreciated. In fact, Cindy Meyer used to call it Uncle Clay's story, you know, if I'd sit in there and, you know, chat with them, but I'd always ask them, hey, you know, what, what could I do, you know, what can I do to make the unit better, what can I do to make your job easier. And, of course, I didn't, you know, why can't we have, you know, women in the barracks, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, you know, why can't we run a prostitution ring out here? I mean, I, you know, what, this wasn't, you know, like rocket science to me, you know, so I sort of went through the course pretty quick. It's interesting how you physically write it adds to like what he call like the experience you know where you know a normal book cool love it of course you know boom I mean, I had to report it on the standard operap kind of stuff, but I think, you know, the army just hated Jaffitalities, and we didn't, you know, they we lost, you know, probably a hundred million dollars worth of aircraft, but we didn't have a fatality. And then we'd pick them, you know, and it was funny, because the DEA, you know, they're like, you know, they're very worried, understandably so about insider attacks, right? I said, look, I know we got to learn lessons from this, but the fact is, I extended them well beyond their day, and this was, you know, they weren't flying, you know, supplies back and forth, they're doing combat. You know, you know, you see a young officer, you know, who's got it, who's not going to go far. And I relied on these, you know, young, 18, 19 year old kids that were bore scoping engines and, you know, doing stuff that they had no idea of probably their criticality to us maintaining the right number of aircraft to deploy, but I clearly know. They thought that, uh, Norway, I get my sport in there, you know, who ever thought it went into the Catholic, you know, the papalan, and then see if we got sick, you know. What the, you know, so anyway, you know, we should have been more responsible is you know, senior go foes, but we weren't at least I was just never going to have a good time. I actually got to start it, but the, you know, the Air Force has like these, you know, they're, they have a lot more rags, regulations and stuff that you got to learn, and the army, it's like, much less. One day I was walking around the hangar and she said, you know, yada, go spend some time with these young troops, you know, because they want to hear from the batanguander, what's happening, you know? But because at the end of the day, you know, I'm not going to leave you in an HLZ and that, you know, and I'm not, you know, if you need combat power, we can provide it if it's physically possible. Worst in the southern part, down in Helman and down in those areas around Cantehar, less so up in, you know, up in, you know, Hindu Kush Mountains up in the north, but, you know, I mean, it was brutal fly and brutal. But, you know, and I said, don't you have to have a degree and I probably had, you know, I don't know, less than a year of college at that time. I came in and I, you know, the exo is sort of the, you know, he's the guy in charge of all the staff and, you know, logistics and all that kind of stuff. But I thought, you know what, you know, just take a look, I said, hey sir, you know, this was not the only thing he talked to about the conversation. You know, I'm sure we made a lot of mistakes, but, you know, we're pretty disciplined and our planning, and you know, I think we're much better now than we were then. I know that the, I know people are going to be interested in, you know, in trying to find it. So I, you know, I come into their little engine shop this particular time and I call them all in, you know, it's round, you know. So Durat, you know, he's like, you know, like a right, like you may be a foot in front of his legs. You know, I was supposed to go, you're supposed to go before 06 command as you know, you know, but I never went. You listen, you know, you got your time on the rock and I was like, yeah, like twice over, you know. And then, you know, a few weeks later I was deployed, you know, I won't go to the deal, but I was deployed in the Pakistan and basically, you know, the world changed for all of us after that. So, you know, as you know, as a former aide, you know, yeah. And, and, you know, I just kept learning, you know, so when I was, remember I told you I was really worried about chronic fatigue and morale and, you know, families or Fran because of what's, of this optempo. Because we know we have that talent, and we rely on those warrants, you know, primarily, to, you know, make good decisions, and to push the envelope. You know, you start in a Huey simulator, which is, you know, um, which was, you know, doing climbing descending turns with not, not no outside reference. You know, when I talked, you know, you were talking about, I was talking about the mindset, you know, when you did Panama and then you did desert storm and you, you're not quite there yet. My figured I'd, you know, be one of those, you know, dudes, you know, trying to sell helicopters to somebody or something. So you know, everybody's, you know, assholes and elbows and trapeen, you know, everybody's putting their mass on and all that. And, you know, I kept, you know, telling them I'm interested, you know, persistence. You know, in the late chains of something, you know, patriotic, you know, just cause or whatever. And I was like, you know, I mean, I had been to Iraq so I'm like, sign me up chief on my head, you know. NVGs, you know, now, you know, that wouldn't even, you know, raise an eyebrow. I mean, they were guy, you know, we had a couple guys, I think, that it got DUIs and got sort of stuck over there, you know. You know, I mean, we're going to be, you know, we're going to be forward and we're going to have to operate at a different off tempo than our, than the ground forces we support Like we get there combat vs, they gave us their knee board packets, you know, we've been on this freaking rotator from hell for like two days, you know, stopping everywhere, a second hour, all those places. I'll love his desk with like a little note, you know, for like three days, I'm sitting in my office and you know, wait for him Candlely poorly at first, you know, I mean, when I got there, you know, I mean, it was shock and awe. So then he starts having Tovo signed these like his command photos and putting him in a frame like with messages, you know, clear, I know him. And then, you know, we were talking earlier, my first deployment to Iraq, it's like, oh, we're doing it, you know, it's like, oh, Well, yeah, you know, I mean, I was still waiting for something to open up and you know, like McDonald's, you're very clean or something. And so, you know, great guy Mustang like me was Ranger Regime guy went to West Point and then went SF and, you know, just a stud. And I'd look for easy wins, low hanging fruit, you know, like if there was something going on that needed to be fixed, but they were just struggling through, you know, multiple forms and triple good to get some crap done or something. You know, getting the right guys, but hey, listen, right after I left, they hit their, did their first NVG, you know, I think it was to the wire or something mission down near J bad. I mean, no, you know, I mean, I know you're, yeah, I mean, you know, that, you know, that place is like, no, call the rooftop of the world for nothing. You know, and it showed, you know, I mean, like drill and ceremony and all that. Yeah, so I showed up there, you know, of course, you know, 30 days never happened, but, man, well, I mean, the best time. I mean, you know, I think in the Air Force you to get relief for that, you know, in the army I never even got a call. But no, I mean, now going into special ops and meet no standards in the one 60th for, you know, plus or minus 30 seconds and all that, there was some, there was definitely some stress there, you know. And, you know, another funny story we take off on, like, this is my first combat mission, a log in combat time, you know. But all that being said, you know, I mean, and I, and I think I was sort of a jackwagon for my first come as typical, you know, I did well in boot camp. And he goes, I don't know, maybe 500,000, and I was like, I don't know if that's right, sir. And I went back every month and said, hey, I'm, you know, they told me what I had to do and, you know, make pilot and command and get a lot of night vision goggle time. And once they, the heavy birds landed with their mobility vehicle, their vehicles, we were going to, you know, cover them but then land, you know, out off their flanks and drop off these two dudes that we're going to just sort of be in OP form. But, general brown, who, you know, we discussed before we went live was the chairman of the board of the Special Officer warrior foundation and I didn't know exactly what was going on, but I knew that Joe McGuire had been sort of nmed for that to go to National Counterterrorism Center. It would be perfectly honest where the eye was, you know, done with my parents and wanted to, you know, they had moved from Lake Stevens and I was like, hey, I'm not doing that with all the wisdom that I've 15 year old. And you know, think back to when you're a young, O1, O2, down on the teams, and you got, you know, that ancient dude who is an O5 up there, right? But, you know, I remember laying in my rack every morning before, you know, because I could hear him moving around, like little mice, positioning themselves before they launch. I mean to me, it's a great calling and you know, am I, you know, making as much money as I could sell and helicopters and so many probably not, but I look forward to coming to work every day. I mean, it'll be close to 41 by the time I, you know, punch out and sort of done, you know. Just because of the terrain and the planning and we didn't have all the ISR back then, you know, we didn't have all that, all the, you know, the tools to give us good situational awareness on targets like we ended up having an Iraq.