Yeah, I feel like this applies to more people, especially when you're in a sort of playing it to other than something other than military stuff, where because it's so feels like in any way that's so often we find ourselves in a situation where it's like, I don't have the experience, I don't have the resources, I don't have the, you know, I'm not as big as that guy or whatever, and we feel like we kind of don't have a chance, you know, because they're just so far ahead of us in that way. You're giving away what you're doing to achieve victory and part of that goes deep because even even if you're not like, because no, you know, like, okay, if you want the enemy to know, right, that's like some like, hey, this may get into you. I think it's underrated to because the even just as a human being it feels like you want the attention, you want the credit, you want the recognition for this, you want to win the award, you want them and know you won or, you know, even more scary or counterproductive is you want the enemy to know that you just did this. And then, you know, the classic, you know, guys or whatever they're like holding on to it saying like, no, it is important and all the stuff is like, no, it's not because I know exactly you're talking about still. Yeah, puts it in the or is like, she puts it in her GPS and her phone and starts rattling off the directions as if I don't know, you know, this man, man of the world doesn't know, um, you know, how to get to the place we're going to downtown my hood, whatever. I think it's this is the technique in sales where you ask them like questions with only one answer, you know, like, or it's basically this like if you they say, why kind of eat this cup cake or whatever. But like it is cool because every time like because a wallet, you don't just automatically think, or I don't anyway, but when you will help us it out, you can tell like, you know, you took some pride in that one. We're looking to be creative, like, it's quick, you know, quick, unlike, you know, let's face it, the bigger a, I don't know, I'm thinking of a company, by the way. Anytime you and Darrell Cooper start talking about genocides and all the, you know, the brutal, we're selling it on deep of history and you know, whatever it's like YouTube's like, oh, you pump your brakes there. They're going to be outsourcing the reading scripts, like all this stuff, because they kind of got in a, in a big way where it's like, hey, we need everyone to give the same quote unquote quality customer service. It's like often, often or, you know, tens not to or something like this, you know, got to be careful with always never. So it's like, oh, no one has a chance, you know, they're like, I'm an apoli and whatever way, you know. It didn't, it never got, you know, deep into history in high school and all this stuff or whatever, but kind of the thing of this is going to be known news to you, obviously, but when you do presented in such an interesting way or whatever, it one of the many valuable things you can get from it is like, It's like a challenge almost kind of thing, but even if like just everyday stuff, you know, some people, for example, they'll make they'll start making a lot of money or something Just like just like surfing, just like skateboarding, just like playing basketball. And then, you know, how one exception kind of can kind of open the flood gates for others, you know, and you're like, oh, wait, we're seeing this exception kind of often, oh, shoot, we should maybe re-valuate or update that always. You know, you know, like, I like less, less frosting. Pete Roberts like, you know, if you don't, if you don't knock it out of the park with Pete, he, you know, he's like whatever. Like, we need, you know, you got to know all this stuff about our big, longstanding company. You know, you're not going to be, hey, our, you know, our construction company is going to do better at night. The document is called Proverbs of the Light Infantry, which out of the gate, you know, I'm kind of already thinking, this is going to be good to go. It's more like, I don't know, maybe the first thing that comes to mind maybe for a normal person would be, I don't know, authority years. Where it's like, it's like, I forget the exact words, but it said, like, if you get sick, that's kind of your phone. Like on the surface, the kids got to listen to you, you know, but no, like you're the one who you're essentially working for them. Just to like show how it's like a need, I guess, you know, for recognition or whatever. That's one of those things where it could be where you know how like there was a reason back in the day where the reason was like significant. Oh, I like the brownie that's a little bit like the hardened part, you know, around. I'll tell you what, when you run, when, like, you see, kids wrestling and one kid runs, like they go out of bounds, one kid runs back, runs back, meet, you know, toll on the line, ready. You know, if, if we know that eating cupcakes, sugar, butter, frosting, brownies, sugar cubes, if we know that that's bad for us makes us less healthy. So you know how, I don't know my son when he texts, there's you know how, well, I have an iPhone and it has an auto correct, right? I'm never going to quit but you also need to have the detachment to take a look at a problem where you're throwing all your resources and not winning and say you know what I'm going to throw my resources at this problem in a different way. Like, I think there's even less space if, if, if I'm in Dean Lister's closed guard, I feel like I can move less even when he's going for something than if he's across side. How how this whole like, we'll say for like, my culture texting culture and takes on this whole, like these rules and etiquette and all this and that's crazy. Now this giant, whatever that may be, I don't know how that translates, but it is something where the people trying to take advantage of that, people asking you for stuff, you know, people trying to use your XYZ that you just showed them that you have, by the way. Even though many of these Proverbs should be embraced by all infantry, not just light infantry, history is demonstrated the difficulty of including the difficulty of inculcating the light infantry virtue or style, except in small segments, usually elite elements of national armies. Good leader, good dad, good mom, good parent, good friend, good brother, good sister, good compatriot, good human being good sisters freaking no nude. You know, like that's why you wind up overpacking because you're like, what if we do that? Light infantry, well, light infantry can beat heavier infantry. Looks like we're going in the last one, a light infantry leader can do everything a soldier can do and more. And everyone else out there, you might not be a light infantry soldier or leader, but you can certainly adopt the attitude of the light infantry, the offensive mindset, the initiative, the total self-reliance, the flexibility, the improvisation, the discipline, the trust, the confidence and they never say die approach to problems. And not only is he a military guy, obviously being in the army, being a major in the army, but he's also written a bunch historically speaking on light infantry, specifically wrote a book called a historical perspective on light infantry. We were like, you're like, if we just add this, we'd spilled that and all of a sudden, you got a proprietary system that you got to maintain and hire more people. Even I think all caps is like all caps is straight up almost like fighting words, right? And I'll tell you, even as our, as our, as our communication capabilities get better, when you start talking about fighting against near peer adversaries, meaning big giant countries like ours that have big giant technological equipment like we have. Good intelligence is vital to light infantry, intelligence obtained by the light infantry from every source from the national level to the use of local inhabitants, reconnaissance and petroleum. You need to work as, you know, you work on your mobility, how can we mend out maneuver the enemy like all those things? Like even in Iraq, in Ramadi, we didn't want, we tried to, we didn't want the enemy to know what was happening. Is it merely light infantry made light by the absence of heavy equipment or is it something more like what has been described here? For example, historically light infantry operations are mounted at battalion level and lower light infantry operations are highly dependent on squad platoon and company level actions. He is light infantry merely regular, regular infantry made light by stripping away a heavy equipment and vehicles or is it something quite different in terms of tactical style attitudes and utility? Otherwise, the thinking, you know, an organized, so it's like, they had kind of no choice, but to be a little bit more rigid in that way. and it's like, you don't know if you're even going to go, you don't even have a plan to go to dinner. Now, I can tell you that I think this thing was written decently, I don't know, 40 years ago, something like that. So discipline, trust, unique cohesion, the never say die approach to problems, which I like, but you know leadership and strategy and tactics in that book I talked about that's good attitude to have. So, you know, we're, we're not feeling like we're, we're going to focus on that. And I'll be like, hey, you know, cup cakes aren't good for you, right? Although many of these Proverbs apply equally well to regular infantry, as a group, they do a fair job of embodying the nature of classic light infantry as distinct from regular infantry in conclusion. Where it's kind of like, it's almost like, it's not, I don't want to say intuitive because intuitive is wrong. In fact, I, you know, I won't want to eat the cake because that's we know that's just weakness, right? We don't know, do you know what's going to happen tomorrow? Yeah, I guess it depends on the name when you're a kid, like when I'm just, this is all just when I was a kid, you know, you're just in the game, right?