Like some, the more you know about the whole game, we'll say the more you know when you're going to be on this side of the dichotomy or leaning on this side of the dichotomy, the more you know about yourself, the more you know about it, your guys, building relationships and by the way, the more you know about this and the more you know about how this works, then you're going to know more about under what types of circumstances you're going to lean here, early in the. Yeah, and even for me, as I, as I contemplate what I'm trying to say, you talk about, you sacrifice the perfection of your sacrifice, even the way I'm trying to say what I'm thinking is not exactly right, it's not how I would say it if I spent time to sit down with a pen and paper and write out what I'm thinking or what I'm thinking about or the references I'm making in my head, but to be able to sort of reflect in real time as you're reading this, as inaccurate or not as eloquent as I'd like it to be, it's a really cool exercise, as they listener of leadership to think about hearing what he's saying, contemplating the frame of reference he had and how it applies to our world, which is, you don't need to be in war ever one to recognize how absolutely directly affected you can be by thinking about what he's saying and applying it to your day-to-day life and how you interact with people, which is kind of crazy to think about it, but it's also true. Like if I just was gave up everything else in set, I'm going to write a book about this, it would take two years to do, to get it, to get it written, to get it published, to get it, ever started to get it written, edited, I go, there's so much lag time to do a podcast, it's like, cool, you know what, here's a book, I've had this book for a long time, I actually gave you my extra copy of this book. We're friends almost kind of a feeling and you're like, you don't want to know what I think, you know, that's what it feels like. If you can take these lessons, these lessons written in blood, not just in one more, but in war after war, after war, and the exclamation point of World War I, you can learn a lot and you can apply this and we know that it's not as striking, we know it's not as sexy, we know it's not as mean worthy as some of the more direct approaches. Yeah, I mean, you're like, hey, but a cooperative, you know, you're going down like the right path there. Like I get to hear this in real time and the sort of the chronology of your very first introduction from 285 was like, hey, a little bit of the background of heart, but I didn't really, I didn't really sink in as you were saying it of what you just said, like what he went through I mean, it's a real bummer, I think, not a bummer, but someone will say, well, you're saying that, you know, you're saying that the ego is bad, but the ego's, the ego's, you know, I don't want to hire people that bunch of pushovers. Yeah, I know man, that's the dichotomy and they're kind of like, oh, they're like, they think I don't have that, they forget that I have that. In fact, that's a common thing, especially like with the neighbors or whatever, I'm going to tell him all, it's usually that kind of, I'm going to tell him off. As far as American-made stuff goes, you got the denim, you got your jeans, you got your geese rash guards, you got athletic wear, you got belts, you got boots, all made in America or a gen USA. Like what they're doing, they want to like, they want the intel for the algorithm, right? Goes into the difference between an acquisition of state and a conservative state, meaning hey, my state is going out to acquire other properties that we're going to go on the attack and a conservative state, which is hey, we're just trying to maintain what we've got. It's a cop out and like, oh, you don't really know or you don't have to be definitive because at their times when people want a black and white, they want a black and white answer. A lot of this is why, like I said, I've said a couple of times now that this book and these strategy is a setup for me for another series of podcasts that I want to do and it's all going to come so become so clear. And I'm going to fight against that weakness, that compromise, all those things that might mind me, that's telling me to do to myself, which is, I think also you could look in the terms like the difference between imposed discipline and self discipline. And then this little, total common thing, you know, when all you got to do is be like, hey, make a peaceful discourse. The power of the group think there, the power of, you know, we always talk about right, you got to detach and you got to take a more strategic view. When you think about war fair and winning the war, you don't think about the peace that afterwards, like the aftermath. I've, all the fights I've ever been in have never been like lasting, like it'd be like a fight So it's better to like, maybe we don't have war and we just kind of maintain peace with kind of what I've got. Except for the fact that you may not have enough information to make the decision that seems like it's going to be the perfect decision in which case you kind of screwed up by not moving a little bit more quickly and making decision based on the information that you had at that current moment. Like, right, you don't have to do it like that, you know? Yeah, YouTube comments kind of have a reputation on that kind of straight up YouTube comments have the rep, the stigma of being like a cesspool of just like unreasonable negativity. You know, because it's like, you know, if your ego's, you're saying ego's no good. And so within like one or two iterations at our land warfare training facility, I was like, okay, I got to tell these guys that there has to be balance. Who's going to say like that's a terrible leadership philosophy, but actually sometimes you don't want to be in the front. And we're going to walk 14 miles right now to go and hit him for where he doesn't really expect it because we don't want to have to face his really, we don't want to have to face his strength. So it kind of like, you have to like the more under because there has to be the formula right at some level. Like that's not to think how strong that group think is to think I'm looking at you and you're doing the exact same thing as me You know what's really crazy is like, I just got slapped in my own face thinking about this because we're kind of joking about this. We have a little low, hey, you want to keep going with us, or you want to maybe stand down. Like obviously at the, at the surface, the formula is like, or you might, someone might make them mistake the formula is lead from the front at all times, right? So I'm going to find, I'm going to study so I can find information to reinforce what I already know. Warfare going on to know to know real decisive victory. And look, if you're stronger than these predatory fanatics, it doesn't necessarily mean you want to go to war with them because they're going to fight desperately. You sacrifice some perfection because head, I sat there and thought about the best way to do this, maybe I would say, you know what I need to, I need an entire episode about the battle of the song, I need an entire episode about what gassing does to you, I need to do an episode about his battalion with the Yorkshire Light Regiment, right, and talk about exactly who is in it. And then you got a digging and go through it and go, well actually in the case that you're describing, this might actually be a better answer than in the same situation but driven by another goal or got there for a different reason, hey, I might go a different direction here. And you look at them in 20 years and they're in a way better position than something that was like, you know, you need the Lambo for whatever. Well, heart like if you want to be a bit, you know, for your first 100 million. In fact, the more I figured that out, the more I was like, oh, going direct is usually not the best thing. I was, if you want to see more videos like this could make, let me know in the comments. We are going to take the fight to them and people get fired up as opposed to saying, hey, the enemy is right down there. Well, if you're the guy, if you're the guy who says this, what this book is saying, hey, like the end must be adjusted to the means. But anyway, yeah, so the point is, like, thinking about that after math or considering that, it's a thing, you know. It's like, right, you got to start using your judgment a little bit. I don't care if it's kind of, hey, we don't like each other for no good reason and we just fight him, okay, we're cool, we fought and we're done.