Well, then I got a call from Tom Richards and Tom's on the ground and he said, when you're flying over here, did you see, you know, I have to put your strike in, you want to put a strike in, I put a strike in, single ship, which is against squadron policy, single ships strike because, you know, but I had no choice, obviously that guy's on the ground and they were taken fire, we were taken fire on the way in and on the way up. Because you know the publishers like, well, you know, we don't want to invest too much in that to become, you know, it's like, okay, cool. So we always tried to put a solid co-pilot with a pilot maybe not all of the races, the bases like John, but some guys, there are some guys who were good guys, but they, you know, got didn't give them those skills. I said, well, we got, you got, you know, Jay to go Hoover and you got Jay Wallace LeProd. Well, it's like your family, you know, these guys know all your crap and they still like you. When you guys were there, you know, like when we, like my generation looks, looks at the Vietnam War and the late 60s or the 70s, you know, it's all this. And, and a couple of times they got sappers on the boat, but they got them to seals got them before they did damage. So I'm glad he took the, you know, took charge of it and came through and you know, talked to Helen and got this arranged and I've enjoyed the two hours that we've spent here with you. So, you know, we got 14 guys, I got a worry about of my own before I worry about four more. They actually got into the barges and got on some of those boats and got out to see. And I said, well, our reward is that there are six guys that got wounded and they survived and they got families and most of them. Next time she says something like that, I'll be like, well, you know, he does he is the assistant director on some of these videos. And, and so, but we ended up getting divorced later, but I always kidding say that my, I got up because my wife didn't like the Navy, but turned out she didn't like me. Didn't know this, but I don't know how they know, but supposedly the first sailor killed in the Pearl Harbor attack was from Gridley, California. You know, you know, so now we know I am, I am unemployed in the individual. yeah, I got, I got 1012 guys dead there and we, and what else you see? He had the swift boats and there wasn't a lot of coordination with the swift boats except when they got in trouble they call us up and scramble us for close air support when they got in the trouble. Got hit in the shoulder, radio man got hit in the right shoulder. But the story got kind of muffled over 50 years because we never got the debrief the op. We're going to go by boat, you know, with they've got a kid Carson scout. By the way, I know I said that one time, but the way I said it is indicating that it's not as big of a deal as it really is. I see good people doing good things being kind to each other and particularly young old man who they have got no reason to be kind to you. But we got, I got so low I couldn't go back at the time. You're in the Navy, the training and and the people who are selected to go, you know, you know, you were just quality people and they were, we're into those things. And you know, sour grapes, and you know, like I show up there. Because after Meridian, you got to go to Kingsville and Bville, and then you get your wings, and then you go to a rag, and it, you know, it's a long time. Meantime, I got a seal team on the ground, I got a escort to slick out and my wingman's missing. We got loaded, got Tom on board and off we went back again. Literally, like, these shorts are so worn out because they wear them every single day that, like, it has the outline for my cell phone, like, on the pocket of whatever. I was gone for two of those months and we got, they months later we got married. This is going to lead him in and tell Jensen says XYZ is here and they would let us know where they're going to be. and I said, I got to walk and do this saying, you know, to stay at You know, it's like these are things that are like when you're in the game on the path. And then what was the kind of on the job training procedure to get you guys where, you know, you start, you start off as a copilot every time. If ours got free food and booze, so we got a big tent for the top of the backyard and everything. You know, you got your job to do and it doesn't work unless you're doing your part of the job. You know, is that, you know, kind of think she understands. And I got one, a roll got one done and we, this no big deal. You never know when the call will come and you never know how much time you will have. And if you're doing that, like your whole day is good in my opinion, got some books. So we got all, we got transition to the aircraft, precision and acrobatics. And so, so, I got this, I got this thing. And when you roll in and put me hot, that means we know what we're going to do with Intervalometer, whether we're going to fly a pair, a pair or two pair. Hope you got the air speed before you got to the water. You got some close calls on the LSTs, you know, the same thing you'd barely hover. Most server got was like 200, but I was a little guy. And you know you're in bad days and good days and I'm going to tell a story. Sometimes I know John got a purple heart and you can tell that story. The guys got wounded, went to third surge, went home. She's like, she's like, yeah, he just talks like you're the one has to film. And realize you've got a wingman who's got to have discipline too. And then we, we got enough then we got the body in. Otherwise, it's like, oh, we will run, you know, people are out there running advertisements for stuff. And it sounds like you guys got some of that advice. Once we got down low, they got, they jumped out. Now, the story over the years, like remember hearing from other seals well, you guys went to the LZ and then, and you went back back to the same LZ. But so my, my first, when I got to health three, then we got to Ben 2. And I decided it was going to be a, it was going to be a break left because I wanted the right door and was my adoption, going to be the outside of the circle. But can you talk a little bit more about I know that the way you all felt about A, your gunners, the guys that were on your birds, but also your maintenance crews that were keeping your birds up and running and using beer cans to patch them up and whatever else. So all night long, you know, we've up for like 12 hours just put in strike interest strike interest strike in. The radio went and got shot on the way in with one of Richard's guys. Well, I, on this trip, I got to meet a guy 92 year old Robert Spencer retired Navy captain, the first commanding officer of how three he stood the squadron up and he's, and he's, if you saw this, scrambled a sea wolves, little, he's in there. And I, several times, and in coming time, Earl shot nine, those time, got him Tim Zimmer and Zip, as she referred to you by some. But good makes it clever like you know Tom changed a lot. You know, before we, I know I open talking about that operation where you are, where Carl, you are, you are supporting, Zulu, Poutoon. And it's, you know, some guys you look over at what I mentioned, our old shot, Snake, where her all was cop out of my many time. And I said, I went to, and says, you know, there's people that are more qualified to take this detachment out than me. He's got to know the heading you're on I got there and we have, I don't know what we had for dinner. We just, we got to know these medals. And so I really got to know John, in Vietnam. and I know you're still connected to Tom Richards, who, you know, as I mentioned, had played a role in changing my life for me. I don't know how she got that but other than that. You know, I got into them. And so, yeah, we'd pretty brief the night before and talk about, you know, where they're going. It was actually about six months from the time we finished flight school before I got to be at nine, which was the first of August. And I said, wow, you know, I'm going to an office for his house and he's a senior officer. And a big number, not only volunteered, but it was a lot of shocking things about drugs and people like to see if you're going to be a drug. Because once the first one comes down, they know we're going to try and come and get people out. But I'm, I'm starting to get concerned about conserving my ammo and making sure to make sure it counts and we got to find my, but I couldn't worry about those four guys that were in my trail ship. And somebody says, you know, you should do three life changing situations like that in succession. Or they liked the draftees and could tell who they were, but they had no issues with them because the draftees would say, They kind of had to step up and, and the draftees say, I don't like the way we were doing this to say, they want to do it and they would kind of engage them into the into the planning and get, listen to their input. I said, you want to read this piece before I give it, because, you know, I don't want to be caught. By the way, since we're talking about nom today, if you don't know this, the seals in nom, much of the time were jeans. well I know I could sit here and just listen to you guys tell stories about Vietnam for the entire time, which is which we will get to. We crank it once it's ready to go and you literally hop in there in your airborne and like, you know, I've heard a term three minutes. You know, then assess the situation and then there was that law and said, now's the time to go and we just ran out to the heroes and hopped in and took off. I mean, that had to be sort of, that sounds like that had to be one of the more, you know, more, I guess dramatic operations that you supported. And when I first went to got orders to Lake or since it's well, New Jersey, I just want to get in and out of New Jersey without meeting the Jersey girl. You know, like, why, right, it's books or whatever. And one night we got every single aircraft in the squadron was up and ready for flight to next day. But the Navy just a kid from Kusbeur, Oregon and literally, and John was saying that the Navy's got a great system of evaluating and promoting the right people. So I was like, oh, you know, whatever he does his thing. And if you were flying, if you got in trouble at night, you needed a matter of fact at night or an advanced tactical support base. And, you know, and you're kind of coming down from a high, after that much adrenaline is going.