Guys at time, for them to go home, so you're constantly, he's constantly getting new troopers, new soldiers, new non-commission officers that are going to be the senior guys inside the platoon. These guys, you know, guys, you know, I'm really well, you know everything they're going to do. There's guys trickling in and out all the time throughout the entire chain of command, all the way up from the frontline guys, all the way up to the commander of the Platoon. And yeah, I mean, this McDonald ended up in a little bit better situation in the fact that he kept his legs, but Jodi, the way Jodi describes that in his books, very similar, you know, just boom and horrible situation. Platoon Sergeant Palaman got out in front of the platoon and a firefight and took an enemy rocket-propelled grenade in the right leg. That's also one of those things where you know, sometimes I get asked, you know, my boss is not doing this or we're not getting, we're getting a, we're not getting clear direction or I don't agree with this thing. He's not going to take charge of the squad, he's going to let them do what they do, and he's going to be more of an observer. Talking about some of the guys here, he's got guy named Jim Barnes from Asheville, North Carolina who is good solid operator, got a really bad stutter. Back to the book, if a patrol made contact with the enemy, and it lasted for any length of time, a second squad would be sent to react. You got people torturing and murdering old women and then you get this situation where there's a woman who's rushing the perimeter and this guy says she's don't shoot her and then crawls out. So it starts off there that was him going to this small little perimeter, but Platoon perimeter. Now, if you don't know security perimeter, it's basically 360 degree security perimeter of where you're, you have guns pointed to the outside and you have usually the leadership will be in the center of the perimeter. Because he isn't want to die, he's going to get killed by a criminal or getting a car accident, but you don't think about 10,000 people dying to be an ob just from other than combat. If I was going to die, and I began to grieve for myself, for my wife, for the little boy who would never really know his father, sweat poured from my forehead, my back, my every joint. The guys that graded them, the guys that were really good, really good leaders and really stepped up and really doing a great job, they'd give themselves a grade. War is the suffering and death of people you know set against a background of the suffering and death of people you do not. And this book right here is called Platoon Leader, a memoir of command in combat by James R. McDonough. And we got examples of leadership like McDonald uh, like the people that we talk about. Now, there's starting to get some intelligence report that there's ominous forecast that there's going to be some big attacks, some big enemy thrusts, and he's taking some time to prepare for that. And from the example of men like Jim McDonough and Hackworth and Bob Hoffman can't all those other those warriors and leaders that have taken point and led the way. And here you are, getting thrown into a combat environment on a very dangerous patrol into enemy territory that you don't know very well. So they get Killigan out of that situation, they get back to their base, they go back again to do the ambush, they're hit again on the ambush, they evacuated guy, they move again and now they're in the final moment where they are going to do this big ambush as part of the company. I'm in charge, do what I say to you know what, these guys know better than I do in many cases. So, the reason he's talking about that is when he goes out with the squads, there's a guy that's jueyered to him, a sergeant that's running the squads, running the patrol, and he's not going to go out there and be the boss. You're looking at every little thing in the road, every little piece of trash, every little wire, everything could be a pressure plate. And he knows, he says, you know, if we get these guys to patrol down to the ocean, they can take us from the ocean and get out in the sun, dry some of their wounds off or what have you. And you know another one that I talk about all the time is the fact that you care about your men more than anything. He says during the war, we lost approximately 10,000 men to other than enemy fire. So they come back from that and he says, I took the time to debrief the patoon upon reentry to the perimeter, pointing out the strong points and the weak points of the night's actions. Back to the book, back at the platoon base, I busied myself learning more about the tactical position and the personality of the men. As I made my way to the Patoon Command post, CP, the Sun had already dropped from the sky, night in the tropics comes fast, and even as I approach the outgoing platoon leader, the shadows have begun to obscure his facial features. Fair enough, little, little, mutual assessment going on right there. So he got McDonald who's been imposing discipline and trying to keep the guy squared away and this guy doesn't like it. You know, especially if it's the right thing to do, you got to make some stuff happen sometimes. And I just highlighted that because I know I get a I hear from military guys all the time. People that stepped up and led through hard situations who dealt with the dichotomy of leadership and yet dealt with the almost unwinnable situations dealt with the rules of engagement dealt with challenges dealt with their own platoonly members threatening them to kill them dealt with all of those things and yet they still led. To use on the ground for 48 hours and this happens, go in, take over the platoon, call in the other guy, a coward basically goes out on his, I think this was his third patrol. So he's got a new guy that shows up who's a staff sergeant, an empallamman, and, and, pallamman's like almost 40 years old, he'd cross the Canadian board, the Canadian border, to join the Canadian army. You know, in his mind, he thinks he's going to have this company commander somewhere nearby and mentoring him and telling what to do, not happening. They were barely men, yet called upon by their country and abandoned by their more well-to-do peers, about to face a ruthless enemy who meant to put them in their early grave. War gives the appearance of condoning almost everything, but men must live with their actions for a long time afterward. and he's crawling towards one of the little elements on the outside of the perimeter so he can find out, you know, checking with them, see if they've seen anything, see if they heard anything. Because you likely out of verbal range, you know, could possibly be out of radio range and now now how you can control what's going to happen. I asked questions about the disposition of the squads, the personalities of the men, the tactics of the enemy, the attitude of the villagers. And then he says this, finally, I might slip into a defensive attitude myself, and that attitude would eventually overtake the entire platoon, because they're all going to turn into what he's turned into. I and others like me are trained in commission to lead men into actions that determine life and death. Now he starts talking a little bit about the situation that they were in and some moves that he made and one of the things he did was he kept his forces together at this point when they'd been attacked or he reunited his forces and he talks about that here. So once again, if you're in a leadership position, you've got to maintain flexibility with your plan, whether you're in a combat operation or whether you're in a business world, it doesn't matter. But a lot of times people, people who hit me up with questions, they say, you know, I'm taking, I've been promoted. Was there any time where I ever thought any of my guys would do anything in any way to hurt me in any situation? But if I compromised with that morality too often, I would become little more than a war criminal unfit to lead those men's.