And I didn't know how that would be received by the pilots, because, you know, I mean, I was, you know, when you start losing guys and losing helicopters, you know, you really want to make sure you're doing things the right way, because you don't want to lose any more men if you don't have to. Well, you know, 37 years for him in the seal teams in the, in the military and again, what's, I think is important is as he said, look, there's so many people that did somewhat have done so much work, so much work to, to protect America and everybody from, you know, obviously the seal teams, but just, you know, we talked about the infrastructure men we talked about everybody, there's so much people that work so hard to protect freedom. And I've often said, you know, in the states today, some of the hardest jobs in the world are being the presence of institutions like that because they've got students, they've got faculty, they've got donors, they've got, you know, all these sorts of things. You know, we were, we were honored to be the guys that got been ladden and, and I think what the reason we were honored is because we were representing, you know, the hundreds of thousands of soldiers, the soldiers, the Arab and the Marines, you know, and thousands that were killed in combat and training for combat that had died as a result of 9.11. And, you know, he's going to give you his perspective, but, you know, I try to point out in the beginning, you know, animal engraving was always connected to the guys on the front lines and the people that are out there making it happen. I'm thinking, if somebody shoot in parachute flares, you know, I'm looking around thinking, well, maybe one of our guys is, you know, shooting parachute flares, I know what a shooting parachute flares, there's one, and there's two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, and the kind of hovering up there. So, you know, when I first got there, of course, thinking I was going to do real frogman stuff and being a regular underwater demolition team platoon, which was, as you know, this was about kind of clearing beaches and that sort of thing. And of course the instructor who at the time was Lieutenant Moeke Martin, you know, makes the parents think that, you know, your your sons are about to be Navy frogmen, you know, and this is a, this is a really tough evolution. Didn't know whether they would come back because of course we didn't know whether or not was the compound rigged, because as you saw in a rack quite a few times, you know, these guys would rig the entire compounds. Every single day here, you think we're going to make it through a six month appointment and not taking the casualties like that's, I don't even know, I don't even know why I would think that. You know, you go in there, you're scared, you know, thinking that, you know, my career is over, maybe my life's over, and then not through this in future and he said, hey, don't you worry about it. And so, you know, most of the time, certainly over in combat, when things would go wrong, I had to go see the forestar and say, this is on me because, you know, and again, this gets back to the Navy mentality, as you all know. So I know this is a, it seems like you went through this situation where, you know, you held up your hand and made a call, I'm going to go in this direction, and I think we should go in this direction, and didn't work out. When you look back at that, this is a subject that I've talked about a lot, because there's a book called About Face by Colonel David Hackworth, and at the end of the Vietnam War, he went on a TV program called Issues and Answers, and then said, we're going to lose this war if we don't change the way we're fighting it, and he was drawn down to the army in another couple of months, and my debate is always, you know, he was a golden child in the army at that point, and would have absolutely been up for brigade command and division command, and he would have been in charge of tens of thousands, if not more, and could have really influenced the way the war was fought. It's awesome to see, you know, you didn't read this, but you know, you know, what's it talks about, humility and staying calm and treating people with respect and trying to help and protect people. And I knew, you know, you've been on these flights, you know, the C130, you know, the low-level terrain following is, I mean, it's a vomit rocket. Oh, I can, my mind, I was like, hey, look, man, I know we don't know about this stuff, there's top secret stuff going on. And the sky is kind of looking up at these posters, you know, kind of, you know, longingly and, and looking at what I'm thinking of myself, you have got to be kidding me. You know, let the kernels and maybe the one stars kind of run things, but you know, the way that was going to happen. Now, you know, fortunately, you know, your bosses know that when things go south, your job is also to correct the problem. And how many, as you said, thousands of operations were conducted that, you know, look, we all know some of them go bad inside ways and that's awful, but the, I mean, the batting average of success was overwhelmingly, but it's actually incredible when you think about it. And I know that I was a rare guy that volunteered to do argue platoons, because there was actually missions that happened, you know, the guys that were, the guys that were in the seal teams that weren't Somalia, a bunch of them came off argue platoons. And finally, you say, you know, hey, sir, like, we don't know when this is going to happen. And I think when I got in there at first, I would see things people, you know, that I thought were sliding me and initially I kind of react to it because I was overly sensitive to it when it was just team guys being team guys. Doesn't he know, I mean, maybe seals, post looked like me, you know, six foot two eyes of blue big bronzy guys. You know, if you ever got to the point where you were training and you didn't think that you were going to be able to take that training and apply it in more time, then I think it demotivated. And the next thing I know, you know, 17 minutes, I mean, 17 minutes from the time they launched time across the border, get the objective and back. But my platoon was kind of looking at me like, you know, who do you think you are, you're truly trying to prove, hey, Rambo, and I realized, oh, I need to be a part of this team, if I'm going to have influence over them. You know, like, you know, someone who has the over-stated attitude of, I don't have anything to prove when it's like too much of that right? You're, you know, like I, I look at your life and I think, you know, really had some good luck in his life. And I think, you know, when you're, when you're talking about discussing these things up the chain of command, and it's, you know, I would, you've got to tell the truth about what's happening. Yeah, and there was also this, I don't know if it's a specter, but this belief that this real world mission, whatever it was going to be, since it was a little bit unknown, you didn't, you didn't know it. And Admiral Mowire, who I, you know, was his aide for 13 months and called me up, you know, and said, hey, you got to get back out there. You, you like brushed over the fact earlier that you got diagnosed with cancer, you know, and, and in the book, you talk about kind of what that, or one of the books you talk about, what that experience was like. We will, you know, I will take good care of him, but I don't want him, you know, feel like he's somebody important. But when I'm on the side of the right of thesis, I'd read a lot of clouds, what's in, you know, clouds, what's kind of talks about the principles of war, you know, everybody has these ideas of various principles of war. Good, where your dad says, hey, your dad, you know, next day or whatever it is, you know, dad says, hey, there was someone tried to infiltrate. I know, you got a pretty good story in there that's, you know, you obviously had a mischievous side, which I guess is just what we're born with. So I'm, I've got to have a, you know, I've got to have great students that kind of like my troops. And, and I could tell, you know, when he asked me to pass on, you know, his best to the guys, I mean, he seriously meant that he understood the risk they were taken in. You're going to pile on and I had to do the same thing, you know, with, with platoon commanders, you know, late babinem, and he's, he's calling me up. And they were, you know, Vietnam aeroposters, you know, manly men doing manly things, me guys with bandlears on, guys in the mud with the stoner. And what you don't want to do is you don't want to say, well, look, I know I'm in charge, but it was really the, you know, the young captain of the major or the seal Lieutenant Commander. I know, I get up, I drank a couple of rippets, you know, I energy drinks, I got a work, and because what was happening was my body was storing the iron in the bone marrow, but it wasn't moving the iron. He thought he was going to go and he's got, thought he's going to some kind of advanced dive, dive, right card hat dive score or something like that. And, you know, I said earlier, I think, you know, once a while, we all need second chances. Yeah, so hercial Davis was the commanding master, you've over at Sealtime, or under what of dimlas in team 12, and he sees you walking down, and I'm a little hand, you know, shoulders and how to go, what's wrong, that's a, that's a, master of he said, I said, I thought I was going to do some important. Well, the answer is if you dig deep enough, even, you know, a thousand pound bombs, you know, unless they land right in your head, which apparently would happen to a couple of these guys, you can survive this stuff. And it's like, hey, like, that's cool that you did that, but, but recently you've been kind of doing nothing kind of an added, you know. You know, massive amount of risk and some other much lower risk in terms of US troops and, you know, like to say, oh, yeah, Well, are we really going to do need to do special reconnaissance when we've got satellites and, and we've got, you know, UAV capabilities are coming on board. I'm spinning, I'm days, I'm like, hey, I just know I got to reach for my rip cord or this isn't going to end well. And so when I became Deputy J. Sock Commander and then the J. Sock Commander, now you know how to get decisions made, you know what, what the inter-ADC process works, it looks like. And Cowie was, you know, we know if he's going to keep his leg, but he was shot up bad. But, but I think you nailed it when you said, you know, there are times if you're going to influence the people that work with you, better do it from inside the wire than outside the wire sort of thing. But, you know, I go to a new team and, of course, the guys know. I came back to Iraq to see my parents actually, you know, I'm, I've been a lot of these guys, or American Iraqis that had come back and kind of gotten secunded into the, into the Iraqi army, and we're like, yeah, I mean, how many times did I give some guy, you know, good nature of banning you said, man, you look like shit. Well, and this was, you know, so there was kind of the Skrissper campaign, well, I got to the new team and you understand that and you realize, hey, I got a prudent wrong. So I think today, again, the students going through because they have such a good understanding, they know the instructors aren't going to kill them. And I just said, you know, Geronimo, then I thought, shit, because, you know, much everybody thinks that this was a kill only mission. And that's, you know, again, a lot of the book is obviously focuses around special operations and as you point out, and as we both know, the sacrifices made by the entirety of the US military is just, it's incredible. And faculty would, you know, give us little tips on, you know, how to get through certain evolutions and events kind of pass through Daniel Stewart. If you got confidence in these guys, now again, there's some guys you just got to say, you know what, you weren't meant to be in this position. You know, and, uh, and so understanding the resourcing end of it, uh, you know, major good staff officer. It was just, it was real frogman stuff because we were doing, you know, six hour dives and are so for the, again, the listener in SDV is, you know, think about a man torpedo with a bit of a cowling on it. You know, people are always asking me, you know, kind of give us more lessons. But, you know, for years prior to 2010, every time I get a physical, the doctors would say, well, you know, you're anemic. You got a, you got a section in C stories that I think I'm not going to say there's a typical mission, but I mean, there's a little bit of a typical mission. And the army, the army working in Ramadi, was kind of like, hey, you know, like, it happens almost. And normally in a hostage rescue situation, I mean, we treated, you know, like it is a no kidding national mission, and we are going to do everything possible. Where, you know, you're either commanding them, you're overseeing them or you're reviewing them because, you know, every concept of operation early on had to come to a general officer. Unfortunately, on, because we referred to it as the Biggest List, which is a World War II term that says, you know, those people that are authorized to know the intelligence. But you were going to drop a bomb on this guy and there weren't, you know, he loads were going to come in. Don't, you know, you want to let your team lead, you know, how you put it. And to your point, you know, great trust from, you know, the president on down. I could have been a better officer, and, you know, at the end of the day, the commanding officer has the right to decide who he thinks is going to be leading his potions, his squadrons, and I've never really faulted the CO for making that decision. And it was interesting because, you know, man to man, you can tell, you know, even though he's the president of the states, he had this empathy. And they did the investigation said, you know, you know, this is what we expect of our operators. Is is I'd say if you've got a boss, you got at least a 50% chance of a boss that wants to know exactly where you are at all time. You know, back to the PT circle, you know, you think, was there something hidden in that? I got it, it was a bad guy, but you know, we were, you were getting the president's permission because you said it with this guy. You are an outstanding example of, you know, someone that's someone that's, you know, but I don't want to say you had plenty of defects along the way. And you know, I remember like I said, I was a young guy and thinking, okay, well, I need to transfer to this new format. Yes, so we went out there first time in, I want to say November, December, and then, we didn't know whether or not we were actually going to come into Kuwait. And I mean, a month later, all my numbers were good, and I've been, you know, not going wood, been feeling good, so ever since then. And you know, you made all the right decisions, but as we all know, the enemy gets a vote sometimes. And you know, you know how to talk to these guy. But at the end of the day, the good staff officers are what allow the team guys, the operators to have the equipment they need and, uh, you know, the money to go through the training and that sort of thing. You know, my hope is, you know, that your husband is in the right place. And then, and it was about June, I decided, you know, I think this is going to be a good, good job for me. And this one, you know, they remember President Bush coming around the table with the, you know, the Secretary of Defense Secretary of State. You know, it's like, are we going to pile on these guys? And, and I knew being the Chancellor was another, you know, stepping into a, you know, 365 to a year or sort of job. and I thought he was a dependent, you know, but he's kind of looking up and I'm thinking, man, does this guy really think he could be an AV seal? And while I got to the White House didn't have any time to any rehab, you know, you just went right to work. It's back in the day, you know, you might as well just be, you know, it was just as crazy as it gets. Once again, even with the surgical bombing option, we were probably going to kill a couple of kids and I think the president just I know he that was just not what do you want to do. And so, the president of the state was, uh, been laughing going to be wearing a suicide vest, you know, what were they going to be facing? So my time we got sedan in December, the insurgency was kind of, you know, it was, it was moving pretty strong by then. The pilots, their skills, and then, of course, you know, you got the seals on the ground, the best guys in the world, the best, the best. But we're cleaning that, got back to business, and then I remember a couple years later, you know, I were having lunch, and he said, do you remember that incident? And he says, you know, sir, I'll get my pig, you know, he's a pig gunner. And as I pointed out in the book, then when I was in a position of command, you know, from the time I was the commander of Seal Team 3 or the Commodore or certainly my time after 9-11, you're reviewing these missions. You know, you were going to break out and you were going to do PT for probably an hour and a half. I know, I'm probably going to nom or whatever, Cambodian, I'm going to do in sock missions. But another good leadership lesson and it's just, you know, hey, people are going to have things happen. And the helo, I mean, the pilot, good pilot, I mean, after about an hour and a half, he manages literally to drive the helo off to point golf, you know, that point over there. So that was when I realized it maybe wasn't going to quite, I wasn't going to know him after all. You know, I don't know if they're trying to negotiate with whoever the terrorist were that we're needed to die or whatever the case was. Not knowing, well, are we going to, you know, we're going to send a large force into Kuwait to kick Saddam out. She was just, she's a remarkable woman, you know, just her faith sustained her through, you know, that year and a half in the jungle. And, and you can be, you can be a champion for a cause and have a real impact, which is, and you know, it's not like you would have seen your guy there or anything like that. So I got back thinking I was going to go to a wonderful tour in Monterey, California, and as soon as I got back, the commanding officer says, hey, good news. The great example you have set for, you know, not just the new young kids that are going to be Seal someday, but frankly for everybody you come in contact with. I mean, this guy, you know, he was thin kind of frail and had a little bit of a mop of long hair