Yeah, you know, you hear like the sports analogies of like, well, you know, it's like a professional sports scene, but these are like the champions, right? They have a mission set where they go, hey, you guys are going to go and do bilateral operations, working with indigenous guys, like ICTF, like ERU, like we talked about. Like, I sat on rooftop for like days and weeks going, where they held all the back guys and, and guys were talking like the Navy killed them all. This vindication board was, uh, filled with team guys that we lost and there was dozens of on one side and when you killed a bad guy because you took that call sign patch and then, you know, if you were as Tony Yoset, who was a third group team sergeant, I was killed, you would just carry TY on your left shoulder under your call sign patch and if you killed a bad guy and you were successful on your mission, you'd come back and you put it on the vindicated side and we had all the pictures of the guys that were killed on that and every night we'd fill that board and cycle them back and forth because, um, we understood that getting killed was a part of the job, comparatively and you know this you're very skilled in the history of warfare including the Vietnam War where thousands, 60 plus thousand Americans were killed, sometimes hundreds in certain battles were killed, entire Mac V. Sog teams taken off the planet, they accepted that risk. I was one of the few guys that got picked up and tasked to go to school, and I'm like, I'm going to so tack with SoTAC, and the Special Operations Terminal Air Control School, I'm like, dude, I want to go to SoTAC. Well, we did R&D, like the best things that we could put in the bag and you're going to live out of it for 72 hours, which happens to be, uh, appropriate amount of time to escape, evade, um, and then carry the appropriate amount of stuff in reconnaissance, like not overbearing. There's times that I came off the mat after an hour walk and feeling like the best I've ever felt, like super calm, super relaxed, super focused and like I was doing meditation in my own headspace. It's like, it's almost like you're watching it happen and you kind of can be like, yeah, whatever. and I remember early on in my in my seal career, like entering a room and shooting some targets and then and then all of a sudden be like, wait a second, my weapon, my weapon, I don't take it, I don't want to say it and not want to draw any attention to myself because I don't want to see that I don't want my weapon, weapon is unsafe. Like, hey, there's where we're going to put this over watch position or where we're going to set up the base element like those kind of decisions? But in the things that I enjoyed like overlanding across Afghanistan and the wild west, with not a lot of oversight and just wing in it and learning a lot of lessons in that versus that deliberate like land on the X, fast-repaunt off of the building and kill bad guys. And so they like you do like a lot of guys with our experiences do, try to impart those experiences and impact on young people. Whereas the kind of training that I ran, which was like the advanced training, like the training that we do with platoons before we went to point it, right? And I'm like, oh, and I'm like, okay, so am I going to be time Everything from running through the cemetery trying to find you know, inscriptions of, of specific people getting smoked to death, low crawl on across, you know, face down in the lawn, getting, you know, getting smoked, um, just routine hazing to make sure, hey, this is a work, work testing to evaluate you constantly if you want to be here. But I remember actually a summer of like when I was 12 or 13, my mom trying to convince me that, hey, you know, your dad just met a new woman, which he did, which was going to be my step mom, she had three kids at the time. There's supply bullets so that the frontline guys get, what about the people that are, you know, collecting intelligence, whether collecting intelligence, so the frontline guys can go kill people like everyone, that's what we're here for. Like a hit, like eating, eating and sleeping in the field to be able to conduct an operation are now the new priorities for me taking care of my guys. Well, I mean, getting like, even just a hood, like people aren't used to taking, if you, if you, if you don't grow up in those martial arts, if you don't grow up in impact sports, and that used to make in contact. And it was like one of those, you know, badass like, Punisher school deals, right? And I'm like, dude, I mean, you look for all the light and darkness and I'm like, man, that means the world to me, that maybe I had an impact on these men that stood side by side and fought uphill. Yeah, that high level, I mean it's theta and alpha and these these wavelengths of like this neurological consciousness when you're in that alpha state and you're taking that that information similar to like, when you're in a shower or on a drive and all these thoughts come to you, this creativity comes to you. I'm like, oh, dude, this dude is like Jason's going home. Yeah, those guys, just like an Iraq, just like I've experienced in Yemen, in Pakistan, in Africa, it's a vicious cycle that doesn't stop and we don't learn those lessons. Yeah, you know, obviously the seal community gets quite a bit of, you know, flack because we're like, uh, I guess for lack of a better word kind of popping the right now. That was pretty early, you know, and eventually you're just like doing this like a freaking robot, that's just execute. And what I try not to do was be like, you don't know where this does, I'd be like, okay, well, let's talk through it. And I know that you sit there and think of the back of your head of like, you know guys that did 12 more deployments compared to your And I know when I, when I took my first casualties and had lost my first guys, there was no one that was telling me like, hey, here's what you got to think about. It sounds like you were pretty maybe you kind of, because you can also, when you get older, you go, yeah, you know what, they just, you know, they did this when they were a little too young or they didn't get along or they weren't quite a good fit I mean, it's probably a few weeks when I went through it was like a escape, like a survival block. You know, well, what they like to do, I'm like, okay, so this has been done before. So the reason I asked this question is because somebody's going to be listening to this in 10 years or 17 years or 23 years and we're going to be in a situation where there hasn't been any casualties in a long time and all the sudden someone's going out and doing what, doing what soldiers do and they're going to take casualties. That's not like it's like, well, you know, preserve it. You just sort of, and it's the same thing when we were talking about, homo and rock, it's like, okay, look, there's just, I'm not, the pain is there, but it's like somewhere else. I would take, that the tomb taught me about self awareness and being present within my own mind and developing this relationship with the conscious voice that's in my head, but also like this passive observer, this person who's kind of observing the narration of the voice in my head and sitting back and like measuring all these inputs. So I'm like, wait, I figure out like a 12 to 24 people, $500 to slot, pistol carbine, let's make some revenue. And I don't know if you guys call the combat clearance, but like, hey, we're going to open the door You mean, you're like literally standing, literally, you're not standing in your class rank or anything like that. And then you, like, you create your new happy place where you're like, man, it's long as I'm in my head Like that don't you think that's kind of like a it's high in liability and it's neglectful? I'm sitting here talking to you and for some reason in my mind, I'm thinking I'm talking to like what like an older person. Like, like you take a platoon out and, and they've got, they're, they're, they're, they've, they've been crushed for a five, six, seven hour patrol. I mean, they go out, set off in the F. P. killed an American or two or what, you know, go, go, lob, and like I said, they don't really have to, they don't have to win every time. So he pushed me into it once, and like whatever, I must add some kind of punk ass freaking smirk on my face like whatever. This makes me think about this is the second time I thought about it in recent times, but you know, like the cop is telling, the cop is saying, hey, you can make mistakes. And like you said before, these guys aren't trained to be diplomats to be fit experts, the training kill bad guys and they're the best at it. Like there's no one, you're not going to, if you and I earn business together, you know, I say, well, actually, I don't want to make any money. Like you might have one or be like, this is the best thing I've ever tasted. I will, we'll say, just like I say on a lot of podcasts with guys of your caliber and your background that you're doing something that I wish a lot of guys with our background would do, which is get off the bench and take a stand and commit to this burden of responsibility. And so they don't want the right guys there or the wrong guys there, they want the right guys, and they, they want to make sure you earn it. What makes it so challenging to get through the, is it just like microscopic inspections of your uniforms and your hair and your freaking nose hairs and your hair here, your hairs and stuff like that? So a couple of Americans, like me and another SIF guy, and like three or five seals would go out and do our piece. Like sustained combat operations and sleep and food deprived for like a year. Hook like, like, pull me out of the thing and slap you. It's like the character in Banner Brothers, the officer who said, you know, who's basically walking dead, just accept the fact that you're going to be killed. It's like you guys' water we use land and hate can you hump for a long period of time duration, day, night, and keep movement and can you find your points? And like you should have told us before you were a day, I came like, I'm a private. Now, if you see your neighbor and he's checking us now, you're like, you're like, who's that guy? And, and I'm like, well, no, I mean, I understand you've got supply people, but we're little supply people supply. They're like, um, he's like, go, go try out for the two. Because if you, if you, if you, if you, if you don't know what we're talking about, if this sounds like a hyper aggressive or crazy or whatever, what you're forgetting is that the whole object of wars to kill the bad guys, that's what we're doing. And like you just said, what it really boils down to is when you're tired, when you're sore, and when you don't know how much longer this is going to last, do you have what it takes to put your rock back on, stand up and start walking again. and I'm like, I'm like, look at the other dude, I'm with him. So I'm like, oh, this isn't like run it through wood line and Fort Bragg North Carolina. So I'm like, I'm talking what like 97 97 97 97. In the transition, coming back from 08 to 09, I went to J. Sox, technical reconnaissance course, which was like six months, pretty intense course, and learned a whole new world of operations that I didn't even know existed. We think lovis, our guy's thought lovis was like putting a shemag on, you know, and hiding their chest care or play care underneath their dress, their man dress. And like, it's, it's part of their traditional, like, okay, cool. Look at you, you're like how you're like sure kidding. I was 159.7 on the black list, because the black list, like you're like an intermittent number, that's not advertised. I had multiple conversations with the guys in the team room in the kit room, getting loaded out like it doesn't get any better than this guys. But those guys will come back from that experience from a five-day sear experience survival escape resistivate and they'll go, this is the most impactful thing I've ever done in my life and I'm like, really? Yeah, it's like, you know, we live, you know, these civilian lives now, but there's always this evidence that we served in some capacity. Yeah, like I'm just like, what, how did you get that? And I'm like, oh, like I have to brief this. And I'm like, and then immediately occurs to me, like, that was a horrible idea. And it's not like I was like, let me just choose the pair. But we ended up not going to re-end it going to Ramadhi and said, but yeah, the, the, the ICTF and the EREU had, like, American issued weapons. So if you were 11 Bravo infantrymen, if you're a Charlie, Mortarmen, if you're a Mike, like heavy-willed mechanized vehicles, if you're a hotel, heavy armor like Rodin on Humvees. And you know, you talk to guys like John Strike or Meyer, that's a common thing. Like, where are they, they're like, they're not coming out. So it's, it's like a couple guys from my SIF company, which was B23, the third group SIF, working hand in hand with six or seven guys from a silver tomb. So when I went, so my, obviously my mom and dad are in kind of like, cohoots and competition with each other because they want to have me, you know. I was like, crickets and I'm like, what is, and they had a, they had a drone. Or is it more like, yeah, you know what, this guy ain't got it. Isn't instructor going to be coming over to you and say, like, hey, listen, here's what's going on. And they were talking about the fact that this marine unit had, um, like a scoreboard on the wall of number of bad guys killed. My team started came to me like on the first day and he said, hey, there's a formation outside with your guys. And I was just to give, I don't know the exact numbers, but for that year, it was something like 160 guys were promoted. So from a leadership perspective, you do a good job of going like, yeah, good. Well, when I start thinking about being prepared about handling situations, about reacting to emergency situations, about handling contingencies, all those things you can learn, you can learn for the specific, for the specific genre of actually applying to a survival situation, just like you can learn an arm lock for actually applying to a grappling situation. Most people who think or have seen us on the surface even think that we're a primitive survival company because survival is synonymous with, with primitive survival, like rubbing sticks together in the woods. Like I remember telling my new guys because I was selling it at the time in a troop advisor. The first star in the 50s that was applied to the CIA board was a guy who, uh, escaped and evaded from China and got killed and Tibet by a random security guy shot in the chest with one round with like a 32 British pistol revolver. And then back at you once again, what you're doing right now, you know, I think what you're doing right now is going to have a huge impact and is having huge impact, getting people's mindset straight. And we had a whole bunch of incidents like we're, you know, me and the EOD guy, the Navy EOD guy, are hitting targets by herself, because they're hitting a building. The fact that what, what the fact that you were able to calculate that is incredible, when I, I was freaking, you know, I was like, I think I was 18 when I joined, but I might have been 17 on the maps program. I thought it was going to be like, oh, this is cool because my mom buys me crap all the time. At the time, after I got back in out-processed, very rapidly, where people were like, my troop, the main element wasn't even home yet, and I was already out-processed. When we got to that country we had gotten used to the way that we did business, breaching blowing every door, shooting back guys in the face and he briefed us and he said, man we're going to start this new tactic this year And every break every month or every day of break is getting more honoured, you know, like you need to get more trained. Yeah, there's something I've always found about being out in the field and Humping, specifically, there's two things that come to mind that I've been talking about this lately, from just like a leadership perspective and just at my own personal mindset is, I'm very aware of time. And they're like, I know your uncle, I'm going to hook you up. When I was in Ramadies, the same thing, like the bad guys were, they knew not to come out at night. I went home and threw my battle dress uniform in the washer and started packing my stuff because I'm like, we're going to war.