It was my strike zone, uh, but then when the president asked me to come to the director of National Intelligence, not necessarily my strikes on him there, but I will tell you, uh, to, to start off, uh, and have a rubble boat in your head, uh, and then years later, you know, you're sitting there as the president's intelligence officer, uh, at the National Security Council, and even, you know, I had an interesting time there, I'm sure you know that I, I had a testimony, uh, there for three and a half hours, uh, the House, uh, the Senate Committee on Intelligence, uh, had had to do with the whistleblower complaint, but right, you know, for three and a half hours, you're on camera, and you've got some, you know, very, very bright and, uh, talented people asking you some demanding questions, but it was a, the very first time that I was really, really happy that I went to high risk here, and I'm just doing deterioration techniques. And, um, you know, I believe in a life of service, and, um, uh, and as far as a leader is concerned, you know, you've got to be a, you know, a leader who sacrifices, uh, you know, and when I was asked to come back in the government, it wasn't on my scope at all, but I came back in and, uh, you know, wound up being the director of the National Counter-Tourism Center, which I was very comfortable in that. Finalty, what you did with when you were in uniform, but, uh, you know, what you have accomplished is for as just not only personally, but the way you've been offered to give back with your leadership, and, uh, what you're sharing with the world, whether you're Brooks, your podcast, and there's so many people that I know that listen to this podcast, read your books and really learn a great deal about leadership, and, um, you know, folks, I tell you, uh, when people ask me, do I know what I'm, I do, as either, you know, as you, as you, as you, as you, as you real deal, he's the real deal. So, uh, Chuck's a tall guy, and I was able to get on Chuck shoulders, and jump up to the top, and then, you know, he handed me, you know, my droger, his droger, and then I was able to, you know, pull him up, and that the tool was just, you know, lying there, that we rolled over to the other side, and it just kind of dropped down, uh, with, with all of our toys, and just laid there for about 10 minutes to see, and, you know, nope, I mean, they had flares going off, and other things there. Well, I'll tell you what, it was wonderful, you know, between you and, you know, in beef treshler, you know, you know, folks out there, you know, you've got a good idea what Jaco looks like I'm sure, but beef used to be the center for Navy. But, you know, when you know, you know, you know, you know, no full well, this war, it was personal to you and me and to many of us. So, you know, we had some structures there and what I just thought we needed to do, you know, I'm not too into this as you know, Jaco, but I'd say, you know, I kind of have to drive a little bit of fear into these guys, just to mean you in a little bit too relaxed. Um, no, I've made that, uh, it was, because I, I will tell you this, though, Chaco, there, um, not only was I represented the, the entire United States and the United States and Telegis community, but having spent 36 years in our community, you know, I really feel like, you know, here I am, I know I'm on national TV, and it's going to be a, uh, a pretty important hearing, which probably would lead to what it did. You know, but I'll tell you this though, Jaco when I went to, you know, Buds and they, you know, folks out there, I'm sure you know this from listening to Jaco's podcast. And I mean, it's just, so as I'm going to the captain comes, and you know, to wish me well, and he can say a couple of things, you know, you know, target bears, one, three, zero, and so good luck, and good hunting. And it was, we did it the hard way, but we did it just, the tremendous satisfaction you get from being a seal, and being able to do a really hard mission, and, you know, even in my fitness report, you know, when that, you know, Rick, when I'd brought it there, they're very few people, if any, in the world, that could do with what these guys did, the sex-assize. You know, it took a basketball ball, he ball hocks, but you know, who really, but even if I was in UD-T, my LPO and my chiefs, who were Seal Team 2 guys, that's how I met Rudy, and Rudy and his wife, then mentored, Kathy and me, until we were close friends, until he, you know, started suffering from Alzheimer's disease. And, you know, now Marcus was good, but you've got a guy who, you know, these guys look like Pixies going over this darn thing. Yeah, well, well, just before I got the job, we was at the White House Chief of Staff, Mick Mowaney did the vetting, uh, and, uh, you know, Mick told me, said, you know, I've talked to everybody, especially everybody in the special operations community. But, you know, when it came to what we were doing and you know, been gasi and all these other places, you know, I mean, we had built target folders for full and that stuff. But to me, it just went hand in glove with being a SEAL that you know what to ask for, that we didn't really know what the menu was, because you didn't know. But, um, you know, to me, you know, several years later, as you know, we're christening a navy land attack cruise or up in Beth Maine. And I said, well, I don't know, but I know someone that does know. Well, I tell you what, you know, you know, people ask, well, you know, where did you honeymoon? And, you know, you know, you know, you're the instructors, watch this stuff. And then they're like, man, like I like jiu-jitsu, but I don't know if I'm down for these, you know, this hell week maybe seal 30% of the people that are there will have less experience in jiu-jitsu than you. And then, you know, be in charge of a UD-T-Platue, you know, back then was, you know, 25 men. Superfish, you know, whether it be palatable, you know, just that easy, that easy win, you know, tactical. and then I come out, think I come out and you know, look at me like, Mr. McWire, you gotta do something about this, you know? And you know what I got by the time I got to, you know, Buds Class in 93. But, you know, you know, the folks who are out there, the instructors, are the ones that really, they are the gatekeepers for who's going to wind up going to a seal team. But my father being a current owner, my other was just said, like, you know, that's just, I mean, you know, you were listed man yourself. And also figured, well, you know, Joe, General Mattis, the Secretary Mattis came back into government, and Joe's been there for 39 years, and, you know, I just said to them, well, if you guys do take a one for the team, I'll give it a go. And so, you know, about the time I got to work, you know, everybody's Jubilon. And we're out there, and, you know, now, you're five miles off the coast, and you're in the water, and you're looking, and, you know, you've got your little bends compass And the other thing is, well, more importantly, as you know this, Jaco, it doesn't matter what you got in your collar, it doesn't matter who you know in relationships. And so, you know, not a good time when, you know, the senior instructors and the doctor and the master chief come to talk to you about. You know, no, I've got a gun, you know, it's supposed to be a compromise, right? I know we probably could talk for another few hours, and I know that you got to go. And you know, the Kamaloo Channet, these guys, Lutenets, and I said the pilot command, you know, me, well, I'm strapped to the body board. You can watch all of Buds and, you know, guys know what the schedule's going to be and all that. So I had, I had an officer rank, I was a member of the faculty club, and it was just great to be able to have my mother, take my mother to the faculty club, and just tell her, you know, even C students can make it to the Harvard faculty club, you know, but it was really great because it was small seminars, focused on what I was up there really to do as advanced research in national security. But you know, he said to me, he said, well, you know, can I stay in? You know, we got, you know, he's blind. We came back, and then, and then the report, I got back from, from my Patoon Commander was that, you know, the, the, the, and Fabius ready group commander said, I thought these guys went in there during the night, and the, and the Patoon Commander said, they did go in there night. And, you know, I had saw you light us and just that said, I mean, so and that was inappropriate that, you know, we had to do that. And you get to know these people and you stay close to them, you know, for a long, long period of time. You know, because everybody's record, you know, when they're up for flag, just about every one of those captains, they're records of like manicured lawns.