This way, you're going to have a guy who's going to experiment Jiu-Jitsu, going to love the techniques, going to understand their strategy, and he's going to, he's going to lost weight, he's going to get fit, he's going to get, you know, confident on his knowledge, but not to prove all the time, not to be able to go and be a fighter or a competitor. and you can live like if you don't training breathing, it's like your biceps, it's like your, your, your strategy, your techniques, your, if you don't training the breathing system, you're going to work with 40% less the capacity, the capabilities to really refresh yourself, hyperventilate, bringing yourself to a next level of understanding because if you get tired, you don't know how to hyperventilate, you get tired in your mind, start to phase to fade a little bit, you start to making poor decisions, you start to get completely off your game because it's no oxygen enough for the brain and the, and the body. So, he going to love Jiu-Rou, he going to love Jiu-Move, he going to love Jiu-Move, he going to love Jiu-Move, he going to love Jiu-Move, for the bully, I'm going to give him, not only the knowledge of Jiu-Jitsu, but I'm going to put him to compete for him to start to respect others, and be more malo in the attitude. Yeah, I, I try and explain to people sometimes that when you do digits or the more digits or you do, you get to a point where you can kind to see the future because you know what this other person's going to do and when you know what they're going to do, you're can be their waiting for them because you know what they're going to do. I mean, even from that, from what Steve Bailey taught me, I probably got in, I don't know how many skirmishes, like fights, but put tune fights, you know, where you're fighting your friend, where you're not going to beat the shit out of them, but you're going to definitely figure out what's up, right? You also, you know, you hear, you mentioned that not only is corny and trying to control all this stuff, but he's also got guys like Hanzo coming in, who's, you know, a great teacher, you said, you said, Hanzo became a father figure two as younger brothers, half and high, and into many others. When you're dealing with this, you know you have UK Nikai coming up and you're basically telling, Hoyler, hey listen, I'm not going to hit him, you know, I'm going to be, I'm going to be as, do his little damage as I can. They said that I think might have been like in the documentary, whatever they were like, he wanted to kind of display you Jitsu with someone who was less physical, less, you know, bigger whatever that way. Well, you're not even going to paddle out, so, so that's like going to first day of jiu-jitsu, and there's, you know, a 220 pound 21 year old blue belt that's getting ready to crush the person that just showed up that wants to learn. And just one little example you said, there's sometimes in jutsu, you've got to calm down, you've got to remain calm, you've got to put in a bad spot, you've got to calm, you've got to relax, you've got to not panic, you've got to think your way through it, you've got to wait for your moment. That's a good one to stay to stay like kind of in the game as far as I like, hey, this is what like legitimate almost in a way redefined American manufacturing. Yeah, that's, it seems like in jujitsu, when, when you have jujitsu like that, it's the situation where like you said somebody that's smaller and weaker can defeat someone that's bigger and stronger. When I grabbed the single on him and he was like, you know, go ahead and I started like trying to get a little, little uppity with that thing. And when I arrived, I decided to lay down on the floor on top of a carpet and ask my brother, I kind of stayed like straight like this, and ask my brother to roll me in the carpet like a burrito. Now, you get this sort of side of the martial arts family growing up training all the time, but you're also in Rio, which is a crazy place and the lifestyle that you had going on there, which you talk about here going to the book, Rio is like New York City in Bangkok combined. I'm always good to be a solid, you know, no matter if it's going, you know, if it's a good thing, if it's a wrong thing, I want to be part of and be trusted by my friends. I was a brand new guy, I was like, hey, I want to learn how to fight, and I also thought to myself, maybe I can teach the old man a little sum, because I'm pretty bad at myself, I just graduated from steel training, I'm pretty tough. You know, I'm going to read one last little section from the book, we're almost at three hours right now, so I'm going to read one little last section from the book. And I got to say, you know, people like think I'm a close-minded about, you know, nutrition or I'm close-minded about my habits. I feel like with the practice of jutsu, like you said, give you more awareness of the situation to be in, and the sense of applying the right action for the situation is based on reflexes, is based on practice, is based on preparation. My idea of the future for Jiu-Jitsu is to create a level in Jiu-Jitsu, where you experiment, the essential sensitivities, it's a sensory Jiu-Jitsu, you start to breathing, you start to feeling the leverage, you start to feeling the angles, you start to feel invisible power, you start to feel your connection, your reflexes, your defenses, for the sake of knowledge, for the sake of being proved, you have a chance, but at least for the first year of practice, you should not have an opponent, you should have only training partners. But he, that starts jujitsu for the first time, when I started jujitsu for the first time, you know, I was, like I said, I was 220 pounds, my first teacher was Fabio Santos. We didn't really talk about today, but it's a thing and I know it's a thing because, you know, when you're showing a move, like, let's say I'm showing a move with you. I was shocked because that was too long I snapped to my senses got mad on myself and easily submitted him afterward I realized that I never wanted to fight like this again because I was putting emotion before reason although nobody else realized that the time I learned an important lesson that day that it was a mistake to fight emotionally because emotions blinded me. It's their options because that's a lot of time in the question, where it's like, oh, I don't know what to choose and why and all this, they just kind of want to start. You know, so like even like the thing was that you're essentially controlling your base, right? So I felt like the same as you did so you cannot dissipate the motions based on the mechanics and the, and the tension and so you can capitalize basically always in some kind of mistake or some kind of lack of time or something like that. And the other, and the other, a academy is you've been protected for a month or the second month, so you say, okay, now it's time for you to one hour class 45 minutes, okay, now you guys stop, let's keep rolling, you guys can roll, you can, so you protect somebody from rolling for one or two months, but in one point, you have to allow them to roll, right, and that drop off, you start from that point when you start to understand yourself as having to roll all the time, and that sometimes can be completely depressive for many. There's other times, something happens, you've got to go right now and jutsu, you start to identify that look, there's times where you've got to take a step back relax, you've got to be calm, and there's other times where you've got to be aggressive, you've got to make things happen right now. The whole comprehensive psychological approach that they had, because they, every once in a while, you'll hear about like, Quiler would tell us about it where he'd be like, yeah, if you, you know, if you lose your first tournament, you get 20 bucks. It would display you Jitsu a little bit better because if you went in and you're like this more athletic, either were like, oh well he's more of an athlete, so it doesn't really highlight the Jitsu part of it. So I didn't know what's really represented that kind of statement, but I felt like my dad is not going to be upset. But you know, okay, you know, when you get into like a routine, working out training, you don't feel domes as much. Yeah, that's, you know, you were talking about what is successful people having common, they get, they can, they have an open mind, they overcon obstacles, they use the right strategies at the right times, they're comfortable in these uncomfortable positions and situations and these are all things that you can learn if you're a good. I think if it's part of your routine, you're going to be, you're going to be, you're going to read way more benefits over time. Yes, similar to chess, chess game, you know, if you play a guy who's a champion, he's already know what you're going to, when you move a piece, he knows five or ten movements ahead This is something that I connected the dots on a few years ago because people would ask me, I would say, listen, when things are going bad, you have to stay calm, you have to learn how to control your emotions and don't get all excited about something which things are going wrong. And I was like, okay, you know, cool, you know, I'm thinking, of course, what am I thinking? But if I have to fight one, I'm going to have a nice jacket for the winter, I'm going to have a lot of meat, a bear meat on my freeze and I'm going to have a nice necklace of bears too. And again, I mean, people have to buy the book to read through the details that you give, what it was like before the fight, what you were going through. No swords but attitude the way I speak the way you know, sometimes they prior the fights they have like a day oppressed day. It's not like you're like, hey, you know, give me your first born child. And who I felt like from the first from the previous fight, he felt like he was missing the stand-up game. So if you want any of this jiu-jitsu stuff, or if you want to get jeans, if you decide, maybe you're not ready to wear a geese all the time, like I'm deciding right now. So it's a very interesting concept of winning without really banging heads to head, you have to make, like set him up or fake or set up in a way to, to almost surprise the guy with and defeat, not exactly smash him, you know, it's too brutal sometimes, it's too much. But I was a good guy, and I was like, I was like, I'm okay, thank you. He was probably younger than I am right now, he seemed like he was no man, I said, I was this old man with gray hair, going to do anything to me. I'm going to fast forward a little bit and just so everybody knows, I already skipped a bunch of the book, you know, you talk about the originations of the family. Like an example, the god for them comes from like a bushido life of time, have to have honor and dignity integrity. Like they're thinking, it's not like they're just throwing people in, do jiu-jitsu because you have to eat a name's crazy. And how you practice, we will make the determination if you're going to be MMA Fireer, if you're going to be a police officer, if you're going to be just a practitioner or if you want to compete. And you have to basically be comfortable or say, okay, the guy kick my ass today, I'm going to go back there tomorrow, I'm going to fight again. So, what I try to accomplish, and, and, and, and, and, and, still, my time, in my lifetime is, be able to, to create a program who involves anyone in the family, without the, the, the, the idea of, prove yourself, prove you capable, because when you put that kind of challenge, a lot of people not going to enjoy the capacity, the, and the, and the development of their selves. So in many great Jiu-Jitsu academies or Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academies, people teach how to pass a guard, people teach how to choke or to go a foot lock, but they don't teach gun retention, harassment, control, knife attacks and fighting without gloves, fight, striking. And once you tell me that, I start to redo my life and see how much people I can forgive and how much cow might can be if I don't have to prove, I know I can beat the guy, but I don't have to just prove every time, just because you asked me for. You know, you, you're bringing your knowledge, your expertise to help people in terms of understand pressure and understand discomfort, to understand victory and understand, you know, bravery. And when I turn with people and I'll be training with them for a long time and you know sometimes I say one day I'm going to get you They never felt before was like this mix, this integration of fights and fight people fight differently and engage. Jujitsu is, you know, what, what your dad, because he had, like you said, because he was smaller, because he was weaker, he had to develop that style and it's so effective. Like I thank you them for, because at the first tournament I said, I like to thank you Japan to bring in Rijitsu to Brazil. I think I actually just knew the Americana, the rear naked choke, and like the arm lock, maybe what guard was a little bit a little bit amount. So when you feel like you're losing the perfect aim about where he weakness is you have to shift not just try to force the wrong entrance but find another way to to get the whole you know. And so people will be like, oh, you know, foot locks are new, right? So I put you a expert and not getting punch, that's already a big asset in your life, if you ever do, you make sure you know if I'm going to punch in the face, so it's a big win already. People ask me what it's like, what it was like to train with you. You think I'm going to fight this guy, he's old, he's fed, he's all a shape just because he call me a name, I have to beat him up, come on Hoyler, forgive this guy. No matter if I'm going that direction, if I'm going my shame, my partner looking backwards, or another guy my shame looking my back, so if I start shooting here, he cannot even turn the head. I never going to tap and head locks anymore because was just the way I felt like I was fixing my emotional. I've lost some very close people to me, and I've actually had that discussion with many other people, as they lose lose their loved ones and they will, people have literally asked me, you know, what possibly, what possible good can there be from this? And, and like you've been saying, it's not just, it's not just to help people fight better, but actually to live better. And I felt like today, I'm not as usual, so fighting anymore, I have many injuries, but I still in my mind, sharp as always, using all my invisible tools in your jutsu to keep me on my best game in terms of using timing, using visualization, using breathing, using the capacity for me to emotional control and the capacity to surrender to the body. Like a like I got hit by a truck. And in a huge spectrum, not only help you on the mat, but outside of the mat, so sometimes you, you, you practice jiu-jitsu, you become calmer, you become better, better, better, police officer, is just for the practice, you know, so it's a very important element of self-confidence, build self-esteem, and so on. So, depending on approach, I can see if you're more like a kicker, if you're more like a puncher, if you want to grapple. Yeah, they coming from different styles, was like, what of styles, you know, kickboxers, sumo wrestlers, and wrestlers. Where the next day, like today when I woke up, I was like, You had four body downs. And I think some people say, you know, you're a couple moves ahead in digits and the better you get, the more moves ahead you're going to be. And the student said, Carlos, if you don't mind, I like to keep training with the kid because he's so good, I love to practice with him. But when I really started to see it, when I, when I started to change jutsu all the time and started recognizing, oh, sometimes you've got to become, sometimes you've got to be aggressive, sometimes you've got to be flexible, sometimes you've got to be strong in that position. And you have to, and it's the same thing, and you know if you're, if you're in a business, you might have a situation where you've got to calm down, you've got to make a decision, you've got to think through it. So because we live in a life of pretending, because we live in a life of images and look good and so I like to take you from, you looking from the mirror for you start to feeling.