Like, I know what jitsu has done for people in his situation, you know, and, uh, I actually should have pushed harder to like get him to training more, you know, like it just, I didn't, um, really shitty situation. And I was kind of like, not really, like the first pair of boots that I got were like, I was like, said me, you know, change these things. But I, I, I think, like, man, if he, if I hate to say like, like put the song, jitsu, but man, if he had started, like a little bit earlier and gotten back into that team type of atmosphere, I know what it could have done for him. and I we have like a room that's connected you know because we're working and like whatever day to of us be a dancer he's like bro he takes me about the good he goes he goes to a warfare and krill oil I was like, bro this is not amateur all the way what's up. I remember like when you think 30,000 more for 50,000 more, you're like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm just a half a week more. I feel like the, the wormhole is closing, you know, like we've been in this wormhole and you can see the light in it, and it's like this and we're going, and we're, we're moving towards it, we're moving towards it and we're picking up speed and we've got to get through the wormhole before shots. So Lenny, I mean, that guy, really, he's one of the main reasons for our success and and our ability to do what we do because what I asked Lenny and you've heard me say as before, how many people know what you knew and he's like, hold bunch like, how many like how many knew England? You know, like, I'm, you know, it's hard for me to understand how like a piece of thread goes through that big piece of leather and how's that going to work and who's doing that? And then you had the people showing the videos with the like that smoke stuff coming out and being like, yeah, this is, you know, again, couldn't know the future. It's just like if you're like a a what do you call like a public figure like jockel. But it's still, uh, it's still crazy to say we're going to drive the same culture we drive in Maine and North Carolina, you know, and think through having the right people in place and processes and making sure that you get enough face time there and get them bought into what we're doing, um, from an extreme ownership perspective, you know, and it's going to take time to make all that happen. It was kind of a point where looking at the organizational structure as we're growing was like, we've got to have the right people in the right places if we're going to start doing shit like this. So the Cionkid Kim who's in his early 20s, Lenny spent hours upon hours, upon hours with him, teaching him over a three year period and and he passed and it sucks bad, you know, like I might, man, first time I broke down a long time, like losing him, he he meant the world to the company and to the people of origin and just was such a tremendous, tremendous asset. I was like, you know, my wife and I are, you know, like, blame around chips, chips, chips, chips, chips. And, I remember they got to a point where they asked me to stop saying, go clear this, because I was like, hey, if you go to a wall, I'll clear the shelves and people are like, okay, cool, people are posting videos of them just clearing shelves into cooler from wall, while freaking awesome. Like kind of like it's kind of like it's kind of weird. I was absolutely like weekly motivational speeches and shit, like not meant to be motivational, but like look at what you people are doing. And it's you know this you just said subscription you know you kind of like we're starting to go down that path but this is the one in my opinion this is where you subscribe because you don't want to get caught short without what you need. I look at a pair of boots and I think, man, that seems like a thing like it's going to be a problem. I had three or four friends, couple seals, maybe like a seal, doctor, medic, someone else sent me, you know, taxed email, whatever, saying like, hey, dude, you should make masks. What if like, you're about to like pound like half a container of Bucklova. And all of a sudden that's like goes on the little bit of a, you know, hesitation there because people, it shut down, you know, wasn't whatever. They were we actually, we actually the vitamin shop we exploded in because people, they were buying like, when you went into the stores like, wife, let's tell me. Uh, like, we, we would have recorded a podcast, but, uh, she, like, last minute thing and she only had a little bit of time. You know, the thing is is after, like after, you know, the whole national shutdown last year. And if we had the fund, those supply chains, which we did, which we did, we had the fund finding a new denim manufacturer and commit to massive amounts of denim to weave denim, you know, and in really secure the supply chain, like we played it, I think it was, I think by design, we played it well. Just to, that was good to like again in the bubonic plague phase of when, you know, when we started making the face shields that were going to hospitals that the hospitals couldn't get that they thought were absolutely critical at the time. I mean, I didn't think like people, I didn't think we're going to be affected by people not at bars, drinking off a tap. But it's like you know one of those things but we got to pay attention to the right thing. Yeah, big, the thing is it's almost like an inevitable when you think about where we need to go and how to get there, you know. You know, you think about blitz scaling to we have 210 employees, you know, over 2020 we hired another 40 employees, you know. I just, I literally like just chasing information, you know, reconnaissance, you know, and we discovered this guy and I told him what we wanted to do. I said, bro, look, man, it's hard to make geese like, um, this doesn't seem like a smart idea. She loves, she's like, oh, she's like, oh, she's listening to this podcast right now. I remember you and I would be talking and you'd be like, oh, you'd be like, what do you think? A week later, you're like, bro, if we can get people, like, scrolling engine. And, you know, we, you know, we, like, God and Nicole's fiance is from the Dominican. So if you don't know anything about this kind of thing, so it's convenient stores, they're like the real estate, right? And then the next week, it was like five days later, it might have been Monday to Friday, because it was Friday that I was like, hey, bro, they're saying you have to swear something over your face. And there certainly is no guarantee that anyone else in the world is going to like what I like. We'll probably a good place to stop and I mean, just the thing that you just said that right there that kind of hit that I think is the unifying thing is what we're doing is about the people to about the people. This is not happening to say, hey, here's what you think is important and here's what we think is more, you need to think what like we think because what we're doing, it just resonates. I think where we got lucky, I got lucky because I was saying, hey, bro, they're not going to make people wear a mask much longer than it going to happen. She's like, Pete, she's like, I'm going down the aisle There's just there's a when when when covering movies, part of your culture, which it is for us, you know, covering move and you want to cover and move for people you like. And so that felt really good, you know, and, and I think that was good for the team to know that America was calling out for this equipment, this personal protection equipment, and origin was able to on a weekend. And it kind of like looks like a good boy. And now every every name on there and you know, when any strip that off, like put that name back on, we're going to inject soul into this thing. So it kind of like, like, a little bit of hesitation So when you get someone like the side L family, they're like, oh, oh, Jocco needs leather. And it almost like there was at that point, a lot of people home, they're collecting, you know, the additional unemployment, the additional unemployment money. Like, I, you know, no, there's, there's a little bit of shit going on. I was definitely paranoid and you like, you're like, no man, boots are easier than geese. They know what, you know, they know some things. Um, but if you haven't listened to those podcasts, if you want to know why P tier, if you want to know how we ended up joining forces and doing what we're doing, go back and listen to 93141, then 194, if you've listened to those, if you've been tracking, if you've heard any of echo, Charles, talking about various, various gear to purchase. No, I was going to say in the early days, you know, now you can look at him, be like, well, mass, no, mass. Yeah and it's not like you're waking up in the morning craving some krill oil or something like this. Do you know, do you know, do you know, hard job? I'll talk Amanda through a few situations, you know, like over the years of, Okay, this is what's going on. So they don't just, you can't just walk into a convenience store and I'm like, oh, I want to sell my, you know, my, my drink here. He's like, yeah, how did you like learn? Like, so the skin that it kind of seems like that could be the case. So like you said, hey, if you're going to get iconic American stuff, but you get it with either materials from overseas or they're made overseas, it kind of defeats the purpose a little bit. Like you might be like, I'm kind of breathing the dislikling. Yeah, when it comes to like our heavy hoodies, you know, we have the new heavy hoodies, joggers, t-shirts, grappling shorts, buy shorts, board shorts, knit products. And I think I think we had lost some of that, you know, during COVID, you know, the factory turned into a machine. And I never like believed in titles, like everybody just do what needs to be done. I'm not, I'm never going to delete it, you know, it's like the last, the last voice mail he left me. And you know, you and I are just literally throwing our best guests and bedding hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of material on how long this is going to last, because it wasn't, didn't take, you know, you fast forward from black plague day, whenever that was when it just everyone thought Because like two weeks later, you like listen to we, I ran the numbers. It's not a sexy it's like an energy drink or even milk or something like this. I was like, do you still feel like Miss Rona in your, in your lungs? Like over into your 100% engineered like you read about. I mean, what's when you think about 2021 and I mean, 2020, everyone, you know, big negative on 2020, everyone hated it, et cetera, all kinds of issues, but heading into 2020, coming out of 2019, we had a ton of really positive momentum, a lot of positive growth, things were kind of on a really solid track of trajectory was looking outstanding. I was like, well, she's like, just for being exposed to us.