So we tried to inspire the younger guys, the new guys, a guy that had no experience in the SEAL teams, but we wanted that guy to go, you know what, I'm going to get into this room, I'm going to take this building, I'm going to get to this rooftop, I'm going to get this good position and not to do it as a rogue element, but within the confines of what the strategy was and what the plan was. So, if you're trying to control someone by beating them down and saying, you failed, you need to do it this way, and it's the only way, you're going to get more control over them, but you're going to not allow them to operate in a real world where they have to think of new ideas and think of, think they have to free their mind. And you know, one of the things that I remember of where people get locked into these, you can see it sometimes in MMA fights, you'll see a fighter that's got a big good, you know, ground game or all of you's trying to do is take the person down, take the person down, use all the energy, just keep trying to cleanse, keep shooting shots and they're getting their shot stuff, but they can't adapt. And I think I did talk about this before, but taking care of your people, you know, and how taking care of your people, it can mean, hey, that means we're going to cut them loose early because that means you're taking care of them. And you know, these days where we see the big difference, you know, you see a big bureaucratic company, you know, now that we're working with businesses, we see a big bureaucratic company, they become very centralized in their control and they fight a Trish and Warfare against other companies because they're bigger and they have more resources. And you know what's a good, it's good time to this is, and I run it as with business leaders, where they know their superover, achievers and they expect that level of performance out of everyone and they're not going to get it. It's easy to train something people for something that they know is going to happen, but it's a lot more difficult to train people for something that is unknown, how do you do that? Where he just says, okay, you're going to start, you know, that's almost going to be on your back and you're going to try to escape, but doesn't matter. I talked about that before that people know, even if they don't know what the truth is, they know you're not telling them that. All the way down to the language we use, some people, you know, some people don't like if they are called boss. And as a matter of fact, there's not too many people like you echo and people that are listening this, there's not too many people like you either. And then what's beautiful about it is I'm surprised and happy and in, I'm surprised when people are supportive, when people are reliable, when people are good people, when they make sense, when they're not crazy. And I will usually get food them on that because they do realize that they're high performers and that they're overachievers and that they're not going to get so how are you going to set the expectations so that you're, you've got people that can actually achieve the expectations you've said for them. It's kind of like if you have this big trash can lid, and then you have this blob of like mercury, you're trying to keep it in the center, but don't try to like squeeze it with your hand or something because it's going to come out of your fingers. They've got decentralized command, they've got people taking chances, they're taking risks, they've got different leaders out there on the battlefield that are trying to make things happen. You know, if you don't know your name, you know, hey bro, the same thing boss. And if you don't want to go from zero to 10, do a small one, you know, do something like with low consequences, you know, or less impactful consequences and just start small and and go up. So again, you see this sometimes in the movies where they get the young officer and their green and they don't really know what's going on and then you get the salty old badass that's played by a salty old, you know, a clen Eastwood and that older guy with all the experience. You know, I've talked about this before like there was a time where I would try and convince people about things. The seal teams as a lot of people with a similar, you know, they're like, got some similar personalities in there, which is always fun. You know, Lafin, I talked about that, the fact that when we got back from Ramadi, you know, I started teaching it trade it, which is called training detachment. You got to train what you know, you got to practice what you know. That's why, like you think of a leaf or a, you know, okay, consider something that's control, like that's why we invent rulers. And so I think setting the right level of expectations is important to keep yourself from going crazy, trying to change people. So you need to grab what you can, you know, keep it as under control as you can, but you're not going to get the solid control that you think you've been vet you desire. You know, but really, that's, you know, most people that you meet, you can't rely on. I think I think Henerga is talking about this, training due to the good way to train for self-defense is training with a real athletic guy who's a white belt. When he grows up, he's going to be very reluctant to try new things in life or explore certain, you know, aspects of, of creativity, namely starting his own business. And you know, in this day and age, people actually, I think, believe that being strong is bad. Then the way a front line, you know, equipment operator is going to want to understand that vision. Is when I know something, like, I never claimed to know anything 100 percent. It's more of an analogy, you know, it's like this comparison of, you know, using metaphors. The people that micro managed me, all of a sudden like, hey, I'm not going to bother with this guy anymore. That's something that whether it's a unit that we did just what we just talked about, which is you know, you know, unit that goes where they weren't supposed to be and they didn't tell anybody, that can become very problematic as you can imagine. And there's people that one thing that that I don't feel like I help on people enough. People that are winners, people that are losers, I'm going to learn from both of them. The enemy is going to know your play, and by the way, all these military manuals can all be found online, they're online, they're on the internet. There's a few nuanced ones, but, you know, the generally the issues are like, Oh, you can't get people to buy in. So, clearly, we see people in the business world stuck in that right all the time, we see people in their personal lives, they get stuck in a rut all the time. As opposed to, you know, the allies who would always try and coordinate these big giant massive attacks at the same time and you have to get everyone aligned and you have to execute perfectly with thousands of people. The minute that you're just like, hey, I'm going to go with what I know. A good example of recognizing or a good way to recognize if you're not practicing these types of thoughts or ways of looking at things is when you make a plan and the plan and it doesn't go according to plan, and you get mad about it, you're going to get red flag. Because a lot of people will be like, okay, that's what I'm going to do. And when we work with corporations and work with companies, we'll do role-playing with these CEOs or middle-level managers and we'll play, you know, late for an I will play the unruly old job site foreman that knows more than you do and how are you going to deal with them.