It would make me, well, I'd be like, no, we have to go to, it's like, you know, if you have like, fucking, like a splinter, like you have a splinter in your hand or something, not talking about it is like, I just leave it. Is it ever viewed by, by people, whatever that job is like, kind of emasculating or something because you're like, like, like an assistant more so than, you know, I don't know. And you know, there was times where we talked directly, you know, he called me up and say, hey, what's going on, or you know, after my guy's got killed, he called me up directly. And only under these circumstances, not when you, when I say, hey, do you need, I don't know milk from the store, you say no, I know you mean, yeah, you know, it doesn't work like that. It was like almost like a pride thing, you know, where I would even if I really felt like doing something or whatever, if it indicated, overtly that I had a low self esteem, if I didn't, I wouldn't do it. I'm going different places, going to the Pentagon, going to visit outstations, going overseas, going just constantly going on travel and visiting people and visiting troops. So if you're, you know, like if you don't have legs like Max, for example, like you can learn a lot of stuff that is just defensive. And basically, you know, like how they make the sausage, you revert that term, you know, they say when they make sausage, that you'll eat the sausage, it tastes good, but you don't want to see how they make it. I, I try it would try to do it in a conducive way, like, you know, like, a problem solving kind of way. And then every time, even Tim Kennedy, when we asked him, oh, or one of the questions was like, hey, how do you, you know, reconcile, you know, being happier, anything that when you see so much darkness. You know, so you're not going to be like, okay, I'm going to learn these martial arts. I didn't know that, you know, that, like, this guy, that person. But I think, you know, sometimes some of us can go into jobs and be like, you know, I'm a leader, I'm not a helper. And he's so like I said, like if you're, like your disadvantage is pretty big, just understand what your goals will be in a potential self-defense situation. And I was like, hey, first, you know, first couple of times, I was like, oh, it's fine with her. She just wants to, I don't know, go to bed, you know, meanwhile, I am with the philosophy of don't go to bed in an argument or whatever, you know. The people that actually in the scary thing is that people that volunteer and want to have that job are usually the guys, the animals don't want, because that's a guy that's like focused on advancing his career. I don't want to, I'm, if Sarah's yelling at me, hey, you're going too slow, I'm going to be like, okay, how fast you want me to go? Like, because, you know, if you're like, oh, hey, well, he doesn't take it so hard. And, you know, ultimately, I still feel like if two people are willing to talk it out kind of without too much emotion, I think that's an effective way to do it.