So maybe if I know you too and you both were raised in this super strict way and yet Kerry was like, you know what, you know my mom was just a little bit crazy and that's cool and but Dave was like, it couldn't let it go. This book is going to be, there's so much in this book and I'll start to speed up a little bit I think as we push into the next podcast, hit some of the high waves for the section where they cover the historical disasters, but like I said, it's not like he just talks about the historical disasters and explain what happens. You know, I feel like that's the generic go to, right where it's like the rebel, you know, came from that strict Catholics school, you know, whatever, they just go the other way. So, it's like, you know, like when you're, if you're maybe you support a local bike or gang, but you're not in the bike or gang, but you got friends, you can wear that bike or gang stuff, but you got to have support on there. I don't like, and hey, no criticism of that's your game, but like, in the stuff that people put in there and like, I put in the sugar cup, I shake it up when I drink it and there's nothing I want to echo Charles over here. But when it comes to military stuff, I like military books that are written by military people, not books that are written by theorist or even historians and academics that haven't been there. Again, this is where you know, you get into like, you know, Freud and how you're raised and all these little things that are in your childhood and they, and I don't know if that's right or wrong. Ouch, he wrote this in 1976, just saying he's like, hey, if you go to the military right now, you know, this tentative supposition is based on the fact that fewer and fewer of the young consider the military to be a worthwhile career. And the reason I think I don't dip as much into the childhood stuff is I've known people that had authoritarian parents and didn't end up like this, right, had whatever hyper-religious, strict parents and ended up, you know, in every level, every type of different person. What, you know, if you're a in college and you like uniformity and you're looking at your dorm room going gosh, I wish everyone would just be quiet and you're like, oh, you're not enjoying them. Like we know what kind of, we know you're, you're like lean and really hard. So like, all you do is the like, you shouldn't write a book, like exactly, you're the reason why. So here's the original quote, according to the memoirs of Field Marshal Vaughan, Falcon Hein, side by Own Clark Field Marshal, then Ludenhürf's comment, the English soldiers fight like Lions was greeted by his friend, major general Max Hoffman with true, but don't we know they are Lions Led by Donkeys and they got a picture in this book of some general giving a young soldier own award and the caption is Donkey Decorates Alliance. And there's a scene where he's leading this platoon and he runs into, like, I think it's like he's maneuvering to get to some objective and, and he ends up up against, like, a barbed wire face. I feel like they become, you know, if you start to get emotional, which which can happen, especially when you've got wives at stake or you're, you know, you just pointed to hack where it's book. Like, oh, I could see people going, oh, bees the best example because he got the most information. So just to both of what you're saying, that idea, like, oh, those things you go, man, I don't want a bunch of yes men uniform thinking, you know, a group think. So he's having conversations with people telling he's going to write this book and they're like, well, why are you going to do that? Like, hey, if you're a business and you're in the authoritarian, okay, cool, you're going to, you're going to drive some people crazy, whatever. I got to line up in my closet or my, my pantry, but it's, it's like, um, you know, it's like afterburner orange for me. I like to eat sure, but you know, some people, they, they, they, they have like a hole. Professor of Military History University of North Texas director of their military history center, and this is his, his forward to the book, which the reason I wanted to read the forward is because it starts to lay out the themes inside this book and you start to get an understanding of where this guy's coming from. He says, this book is not an attack upon the armed forces, no upon the norm upon the vast majority of senior military commanders who in time of war succeed in tasks which would make the running of a large commercial enterprise seem like child's play by comparison. but it's not supposed to be any spends all this time reacting to the idea that this fence was not on the map and the people are on like, sir, but it's like a barbed wire fence. Norman Dixon's on the psychology of military incompetence is a classic that should be read not because it is true in every detail, but because it offers the military historian analyst or student and important method to discover and rank the manifold reason for military error and defeat. And there's a certain military, like a military bearing, right? And meaning people can start acting crazy and you know having people say no they're not like, okay. But the book is, I mean, you're going to see real quick that this book is pretty incredible book and I don't know how many podcasts we'll do on it. He's like, no, I kind of am used to these type of things going the way that people don't expect it. You run that loop until you figure out what you should do, which is pretty straight, which is seems complicated and you, you know how it tells me, hard, it's going to be hard to make a really like a solid decision. They're going to surprise you because the situation is going to their circuit breaker is going to pop and it's going to blow their minds. So, if you're, if you're about those layers, if you listen to the podcast, you're like, yes, like I'm about the layers, check out the shirt locker that goes cranking out a new shirt every month with a different layer from the podcast presented on them. If you aim this book at yourself and you every time I hear a four every time I say a fouritarian theme instead of thinking like about your boss or about some subordinate leader that you have, if you instead think, oh, how am I a fouritarian? Because as I'm saying, I'm like, hey, the message isn't like, you don't need to shine your boots or have a good looking uniform. These kind of, you know, drop their voice a little bit and sort of, you know, stand up straight, get that posture going. And that's such a dismissive take on that, you know, it's just like, oh, that guy was dumb, you know, it The view taken here is that besides being unkind, these views are probably invalid, the hypothesis of intellectual, intellectual incapacity leaves two questions quite unanswered how if they are so lacking intelligence, do people become senior military commanders, which is an accurate same in, mean you can't be a senior military commander if you're stupid. So I don't normally like those kind of military books that are written by someone that wasn't a military. That's what you're doing because as other convenience chains see what's going on at walla, they're like, oh, oh, okay, we got it. It's all good and Dave was like, I don't want to end up like that. And I had this discussion with Jason Gardner the other day after the Afghanistan podcast, Jason's like, well, there's a lot of good leaders, nice to have you there and I've worked for a lot of incredible leaders in the military. And you can actually say throughout history, there have been some really bad leaders and it's relatively consistent that you get bad military leaders, bad senior military leaders. I think an advantage that I have, and that I try and teach other people, is to have an open mind and to not renew information arises to absorb it and accept it and be like, okay, this is new information. I don't know how much we'll even be able to get through today, but with that, I'm going to start off with the forward of the book, which is written by a guy named Jeffrey Wawro, hope I'm saying that right, if not, I apologize to Jeffrey Wawro. But really, and I think this is what's going to be done in the book, too, is it's going to be more a breaking down of these leadership, failing leadership tactics and leadership roles or how these guys are doing it more so than these guys themselves. You're in World War One and my address to you Dave is like, hey Dave, alright, listen mate, what I want you to do is just I want you to charge with all your heart and show that the show the enemy that you got some fucking dash. Those things are, it is unbelievable how good they taste for what you think it's going to taste like because it's greens. Well, this person was a general, this person was, you know, a military leader in the 1800s and the 1600s, they must have military brilliance. These are notes that military leaders are often chosen for their affability or appearance, like general bull are big bone, square jawed or general, neolrichia tobrook, a great era of decisiveness. So he says this, he says, finally, I owe a debt of gratitude to that handful of people who would probably prefer to remain nameless, whose hostility and dismay that anyone should write a book on military incompetence, provided considerable, if unlocked for confirmation of the relationship between militarism and human psychology. People that you think you know are going to do things that totally catch you, of course. So we can dwell on that a little bit, where these people, how these people end up like this? Now, you know, you carry like, I'm sure he's not, you know, take it. Hey, don't you think I look if you were going to go out and fight with swords and you are a bad leader, you're probably going to get a 50 guy is killed. In point of fact, for the devotees of the military to take exception to a study of military incompetence is as unjustified as it would be for admirers of teeth to complain about a book on dental carries, which means decay. The best generals, Dixon concludes, have been the Mavericks, leaders like Erwin Rommel, Horace Yonelsson and Napoleon Bonaparte, men who had the intelligence confidence to resist and roll back the negative psychology of the military organization. So much so I like 100% the more you look like the person next to you, the better you are. And to his following, like it's going to, the whole team's going to go wiped out. I'm proud my go to is like I'm just going to sit here and we're not going to do anything. So we're going to say expectations of what I think you would do as you consider rationally like this is a totally rational thing for me to do and it's exactly opposite what I would do. People can utilize military bearing and you see leaders do this in the military all the time. There's a whole slew of my friends in the sealed teams who parents were just straight hippies, just freaking hippies, like conceived that would stock and whatever, like, just straight up hippies. And I'm like, hey, actually brothers, like, enemy up there. I'm like, remember what I told you people were going to get crazy. So he says, so, so I just kind of like described what this diagram looks like. And the third guy has got so little, you know, that he just, he chooses to willfully ignore what's happening rather than take on the challenge of, you know.