That's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, you know, you know, there's like, oh, you know the formula. It's essentially like, yeah, when you think you people who are like so confident, they're the ones that know less than the people who are like not confident at all because they know how much there is not to know. But so now you have, and when I say it's a social thing or it feels like a social thing, it's kind of like people are still stuck in that little zone that's like, it is beneficial to go to college. Yeah, yeah, sometimes you feel like they, or whatever they are, are doing it on purpose and sometimes you just feel like, I think this is just some curriculum that no one had the like gusts to do to just be like hey, we're doing it overhaul. It's like your whole brain and body, but brain, trying to, trying to like be lazy for lack of a better term, like I said before, trying to save energy, trying to save work, like when you do more work or less work. You should be able to look at echo and be like, you know what, I like that echo, he's pretty nice, but also he can get a little bit lazy sometimes, but overall, you know, we're good. Except when it came to those feet, man, those feet got it, you know, like, you got a like, how you guys say, you got the line on some stuff. And it's not the kind of like, like, I don't want to say useless because I don't want to like put, put that kind of stigma on other types of supplements. Like I wonder if that's like a laser, you know, by nature, like the human body and brain is kind of late for lack of better term in slaves. The reason that, so what he's saying is, you like a criminal that sort of makes it and like all of a sudden puts down his thieving tools and starts saying, you know, thieving it's bad and you're going to be right just wet. It's like it's easy to know everything when you think there's only like three or four things to know. You're going to be great in the military, in the in the in the in the rear of the military, because you're you don't like ambiguity, as soon as you're in combat, you don't know exactly know what's happening. Yeah, you know, when you kind of like go down the list, you kind of like, it's a whole system. Like this is how you can kind of tell that people are still in the zone of like college is a good thing. Next chapter 23, mothers of incompetence were going kind of heavy, not going to go to deep into this chapter because it's going a little bit into the psychology world, which again, I think this, some of the psychology is a little bit outdated. You start to hear people being like, hey, college, you know, you're going to be able to say that stuff. Because you got to be a little bit more conformist because you got to get the teet-you know you got to be on board, but it attracts people that are too much. Yeah, you got to kind of, I don't know, back in the day, it seems like everyone was way more just in the middle. Do you think, and I don't know the answer to this, but I just, I do kind of consider the other side of this, you know, how you, how you, how you just said, um, the school kind of is structured to provide or to develop good workers. People that were square away, people that were highly disciplined, people that were loved for things to be in order and when things weren't going right or things were getting wild, they'd lose their minds. No, no, you want to know something what I think is messed up now is I think a lot of times the school right now is to develop people to go to college and feed the academic growth of colleges. You have to train in it just like Gigiitsu, just like playing guitar, just like shooting basketball. It kind of seems like that there's certain times and then the education is kind of like trying to facilitate those times. Like now there's like 40 things that don't know. Because I heard people say like, oh yeah, you drink this like tea. So, I think a lot of the educational system right now is a feeder program for the college system, which is gonna charge people money and this is sort of like the housing crash too. Like at a factory or at it, you know, one of the jobs that were freaking prevalent for those times as times change, you need a little bit more education now for these jobs. And even just valuing like the group and then on the other hand, valuing the individual, it's like you got to value both of those things. So it's kind of like, okay, it's like, I think I am committing this. So there's a thing that sounds like, oh, that's kind of like funny. So kind of like a weird, like I said, laziness, lack of better term mechanism. And again, it's just interesting to point out that authoritarianism, you'd think that makes people make calls, but it actually freaks them out in these pressures that you waste because they don't want to get, they don't, they don't, they don't handle failure that don't know what to do and they just, they don't want to do anything. For being able to pull it off, when there's all this natural gravity towards chaos, may have destruction, ego, authoritarian personalities, all that stuff is going on and yet some people's most military people from the bottom to the top do a good job and overcome that. So like when you have a close mind, it's kind of like, hey, I already learned that. And then you can start looking from one individual to look to a whole group of people, as you said, and start looking at a group of people and just saying, well, that group of people is bad. Yeah, and it's one of the most fascinating thing, and when we covered General Mouse, like little red book, one thing that's so fascinating about this is what the communists do to win wars is utilize decentralized command and they do it great Like it's even your attitude right now is telling me that you might be feeling the effects of the what he called, well, how'd you put it, like slipping off the path? And then you have all these people who, like back in the day, you said people can drop out of high school and get a job. So he said to me one day he goes, you know, this is kind of weird, but when I see numbers, I don't see a number, I see a color and it has like a texture to it. I think that at some point, like right now, let's face it, if you would go ground zero and restart your educational system and America would be totally different than it is right now. I'm starting to, I, and people that I know for sure are starting to hear like, oh, that person has their MBA or whatever. Yeah, he seemed like he had some weird background and bare knuckle fighting or something and then kind of got early UFC activities going. I told you before we started recording like, hey, there's a big chunk of the book we're going to cover and cover and what podcast because he starts going into a lot of details and it's worth reading. As far as I'm concerned, if you're doing a lot of cocaine like that and you're prescribing it to a bunch of people and you're lying about who's getting cured, I kind of take a lot of what you said and thrown out the window. And somebody was telling me that, you know, what much of what Freud said was actually right, but he's just been so like hammered by his reputation because he was a cocaine fiend. And here's how you know, here's how you kind of, it's kind of like a finger on the pot. I'm guessing being a little bit biased, but I'm skipping a lot of the clothes like go and analysis because you know that So now that now it changes from like just straight up factory workers to, you know, a little bit more advanced workers types. It's like, you kind of like, why would you listen to Freud? It's just so important to hear these things, just to think, what do you think a military commander should be like We have to think the founders and proponents of the third Reich, they, it who was presented to the world, a phenomenon, the like of which has never been seen before, since the systematic bureaucratized murder of six million Jews to the inquiring mind anti-Semitism on the scale would seem to demand at the very least some explanation for group of researchers at Frankfurt and later at Berkeley, California, the fact that human prejudice could assume such monstrous proportion suggested the possibility of a particular personality type being implicated in the perpetration of these dark events. It was something like, oh, yeah, when he's talking about you, you're just a, he was like, um, It's like a little like a literature. You've got antifa who's supposed to be sort of like the wild antifascist who's actually totally on board with what I'm saying right now as they're off the charts on the F scale. Like so many generals, as a quote, when so many generals like so many generals when plans have gone wrong, I could find plenty of excuses. And the reason I remembered that one was because I have two sevens in my phone number and when the first time I asked him what I said, say my phone number in colors and he was like, you know, yellow, yellow, but a blue. Yeah, that it feels like when you, you think you know everything. Like that when everything starts flowing, it's like it connects your brain to your freaking body more or something. Because if you think you're incompetent, you're actually humble and you're thinking, ooh, I don't know if I need to listen to one of the people I have to say, I need to check myself. But then when you start due to it and you're like, man, once I know how to stop that on lock, I'll be good. Such people may well be drawn towards military organizations because the latter have of necessity, perfected devices like bullshit, discipline, and hierarchical command structures and rigid conventions, which not only allow aggression without anxiety, but also reduce anxiety that may have originated much earlier period of life. So like, okay, you know what, we've got to make a call here. In other respects, however, likelihood of above average levels of authoritarianism in military personnel may well contribute toward incompetence, particularly when the authoritarian has reached a level of command where flexibility and an open mind are mandatory for success to be more specific the personality traits of authoritarianism and the associated characteristics of the closed mind and obsessive character may contribute to incompetence in the following ways.