And as I pulled the string on where the intelligence came from that eventually led somebody to put a red X on his house and described the guy and who he was I found out that it was actually he the guy owned a business and he had fired one of his employees and when he fired one of his employees well his employee went told the Americans hey this guy's a bad guy this guy's funding you know insurgents got a little disgruntled so all you had to do is dig in and find a little bit more about the information and you figured out it was a disgruntled employee so guys out there in the field right now when you're always questioning your intelligence nothing against the intelligence folks they're going to do the best they can but they're not the ones that are going to get the blood on their hands. And if you can lead men to do things that they know are wrong, imagine the power and the influence you have as a leader to lead people to do things that are right and that people know are right and that are good. But me, I felt like more than adult after like incorporating these, like the, but here's the thing that you do take away is the people around you will notice that you're a, like, better person to be around. And we owe it to ourselves to know history and to know and understand evil and to understand how quickly it can come about and to see these indicators and to know that if you're in the leadership position and you start to see things going sideways, you've got to put a stop to them before they get out of hand before they turn into this. And when I talked to my one of my teachers in high school that was a Vietnam vet, and he just said, you know, the thing that they didn't show very well, because they show the guys coming in and really be people, killing people, burning villages. Because I felt like I was ordered to do it and it seemed like that at the time I felt like I was doing the right thing because I lost buddies. And I thought I was like pretty nice anyway, but you'll feel people like gravitating towards you more because like any abrasion, and everyone has varying levels of abrasiveness in them. Makes you think, you know, like when you search for words, like in your, you know, when you're trying to think of a word, sometimes. Now so this starts to gain a little bit of traction people are starting to talk about there's rumors of even though these big nice headlines come out and the official report comes out but people start to know about it. And some people, I mean, I don't know, maybe us whatever, where, you know, you'll have a little, small little conflict or a little something, little friction with somebody. Now they start to ask some questions like okay what at the at the task force level back to the book what was to happen to the village itself task force officers left the meeting with the clear impression that Barker had ordered the destruction of all houses, dwellings and livestock in the me lie area although there is some doubt as to whether this was a director or something that been assumed. The war and the Philippines are men have been relentless, have killed to exterminate men, women and children, prisoners and captives, active insurgents and suspected people from lads of 10 up and idea prevailing that the Filipino was little better than a dog. The people that are running it and there's good, honest, solid army leadership that says, oh no, we're going to find out what happened and we're going to do something about it. So question the intelligence find out what the sources are find out where the information came from ask who drew that red X ask who said there's not going to be any villagers in the in the no civilians in the village after seven o'clock in the morning ask those questions. I want to know who did that and I had another situation where we went and hit a building where there was suspected bad guy we had intelligence on the sky was a finance year and had money and was given it to the insurgents and so we went and captured them and searched his house and you know blew his door off so we we caused impact to his house. Yeah, and that's at the end, but like I said, it's like, if you, if you follow it, if you are like, dang, I value this So there's continuing to take casualties and on top of the casualties that they're taking you're starting to get an escalation of behavior of negative behavior and here's an example of that back to the book a village you're passing on a bicycle was beaten up but managed to escape a woman working in the fields was shot when somebody shouted that she was carrying a weapon when the squad came closer they discovered she was unarmed and still alive they shot her again and kicked her body to a pulp somebody stole her ring. Now as this story goes forward the first thing that happens is a big cover up and they talk about this operation like it was just a great victory over the VC and in fact a message I'm going to the book here a message of congratulations for the pink feel operation. I had seen people who looked like everybody else, normal people doing atrocious things. Meanwhile the losses these guys are continue to take casualties so they took was it three killed and twelve wounded and now they got sergeant Cox killed by a booby trap they got a dice and lost both legs Hendrickson's blinded suffered growing injuries and lost an arm in a leg. We are a good nation filled with, for the most part, good people, but not all good people. So you got people that are saying, hey, what, you know, Callie was Callie did the right thing out there. 100% any situation that you're in, if you've got your troopers and your subordinate leadership with the mindset that they would rather lie to you than tell you the truth about what's happening, you're never going to be able to make good decisions, because you're making your decisions based on lies. I know people are going to be impacted by this and maybe not everyone's going to make it through this And the training that I received preparing for war did a great job and we improved upon that the more combat experience we got, the better we got it training and preparing guys for war.