And nowadays, man, you're going, you got radios, you got so much ammo, you got body armor, you got helmet, you got night vision, you got lasers, you got extra batteries for everything. It's not like it's like freaking jockel rolling up through, you know, you know, you know, you guys talk about like all the gear that you guys carry or whatever. You know, now it sounds like, went, what was normal for you, for you guys back then was, when you got done with kind of grammar school, when you got done with eighth grade, sometimes you didn't, you didn't continue on with school. Yeah, it's, it's crazy to think, you know, now being the age that we are, to think, like how we mentioned his friend in the, in the Air Force, died like 19 years old. But like kind of in the beginning, I was like, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not going to say, I'm not the only one at this table that has an energy drink. You know, speaking of large global corporations, taking over the world, you know, how they, you know, use, you know, what what they do is they do this mass thing where they get the labor for it's cheap as they can. But, what, when I walk away from this, I just think to myself, you know, as as Papa Jake kept saying, you know, all these, all these other individuals that didn't make it, you know, he's looking at that gravestone thinking, this guy didn't get to have the family, the life, and he did get to have that chance and guess what? What was it like when you got home, especially before you found out that you were going to get to stay home? It wasn't like a. Like a narrative like a boom landing. That all came out later and that when stuff like that comes out, it's like it is right now. Upgrade sounds like murder, you know, just maybe just, you know, some bad things that are now not bad. I'm like, hey, you know, like the puffy jackets that everyone wears. We think we think like, oh, I went from a, you know, a V6 to a V8. Right, and all this stuff, you know, here that, you know, because there was a lot of reflections of saving private by the way. And you went through, I know we're going through a pandemic right now, but you went through the or your parents began running the farm after the flu pandemic of 1918. If I remember correctly was like, you know, he got a balance. It seems like it's a story in my life to be in the right place at the right time. He said I got a Jeep coming up from the motor pool and I'll sit, I'd like to you to ride along with it to look at our next command post to check it out. For like better term kind of vaguely where it'd be like, yeah, I'm dodging bullets. So as you tried to leave, like we mentioned, like I mentioned earlier, there was 47,000 wounded during the battle of the bulge. So we're going to, we got, we got your cover or do you say so. I think it's like, I was going to go either way. So I like banana, okay, cool fine, but it brings things to banana level if it's better than banana, which is the bad thing. I don't know how we made it back to Plymouth, England, but when we got to Plymouth, a full bird kernel came out, called us to attention, and swars to secrecy. Like milking cows, caring feed for the cattle, cleaning the stalls, adding in the new straw, separating milk and cream, the milk went to the hogs and the cream went to the house. He was like, hey, something and he looks boom, like I had no face. You said, I got down to the MRI room and the guy who was operating the MRI machine said, I asked you a few questions before I put you in the machine. Because these people are like, oh, well, you know, we support the environment. If you want to check that one out, I would recommend you don't read it on a plane like JPDNL if you're going to get embarrassed when you're crying. Somebody must like me or like what I do things. And when I raised my hat in salute to them, it's like a response that I got from the guys. Well, either way, the rest of the 99.9% of us that got our Nintendo entertainment system know that. But um, it's like cucumber, where it's like, cool. It's like, about 120 carrying gear, but that's like some effort. Like what happened, you know, I'm thinking, save it private saving private. You also can't get a good at leadership from reading one book one time and thinking you got it. That's where we're like, I got 45 days leave.