So after the Russians were kicked out of Afghanistan, you know, quickly things became another war again, which was the civil war in Afghanistan and Molo and my presented this idea of there was going to be no corruption and the crime was going to stop and he would give food and money and things to the poor and, and people gravitated to that and you could see just from sort of the simplicity of this tiny little mosque that, you know, looked like the comp, it's weren't replaced in 30, 40 years that that was really something I think that he did live by was this sort of sense of humility and I think a lot of Afghans at that point when they were starting to see corruption among all these warlords, they gravitated to that and that's how he was able to build a very strong following very quickly. Yeah, so I was working between his back a set and Tajikistan and I would have gone back or tried to go back a little earlier, but when I met with these diplomats, one of them sort of said to me, he had said, you know, because he was sort of involved in being, you know, he'd put him in touch with the middle man to leave Afghanistan and he'd sort of said, you know, I've been doing this for 30, 40 years and being in many wars are in sort of working You know, you're sitting with all these Taliban and they're bragging about killing Americans and they're bragging about shooting down, you know, American helicopters and they're, you know, and I, I really had to reflect on it a little bit because I thought, I mean this situation, you know, what is my job here And that sort of a point that I think that I've gotten to, you know, especially with going into some of the ISIS areas, and even my photographer was hesitating, and I, I was okay, well, I'm fine, and I didn't have the same, I think normal reactions you should have to those situations, just, you know, the natural sense of fear or worry, and so anyway, so I knew it was definitely time to take a break with that, but I think, And they, a lot of the hell made, we went up to Hellman to sangin and places like that where they grew the pop bees and it's funny because I went, the Taliban were putting on this big, you know, despite we're getting rid of the drugs, it's a rum, we're going to kill the crops and blah, blah, blah, and I was at the Canada and I caught it and the guys, you know, they're putting on this display I tried to put them in touch with a rescue organization that was going to help them get out and speed up and they said, oh, you know, we're supposedly in contact with some lawyers in DC, but I don't know that anything ever came out of that either or, you know, if they were able to get out. So I'd say if you're going to estimate in someone like Kabul, 80% of people want that previous life because they were able to do not, that was bars, it was music that you know could go to clubs, you could go to, you know, get alcohol, you could do all of these things because you had that foreign footprint there. I mean, I know one thing that you'd mentioned to me is like, and it's sort of the, I guess the ground or the most granular sort of point zero for the disaster is like what happened in the military working dogs that got left behind. So there was like a line, because, you know, early, early, you said, you know, that when the Taliban would look at you, and you were like, oh, when the cars, they was wavering through checkpoints, because it's a sign of respect. Yeah, it's like the other room and the team that what he called T9 word, you know, the one it's not like a phone it's like actually keep people. You know, when you have these managers begging, begging to be chosen, just pick me, pick me, it's like the highest, I don't know that they could possibly take and, and you know, the, if despite being in government now, there's no plans to get rid of the suicide bombing schools. And yet, you know, we, and when I say we, I say, you know, we turned a blind eye to that for really 20 years and said, are going to the root and fixing it, we let it fester and create this entire industry of corruption, which is what the Taliban was not only able to capitalize on, but they came in saying, we're not going to be corrupt. And Afghanistan, most people are like, okay, well, the Taliban's in charge of the Northern Alliance in charge, I want to, you know, continue to get my job done and raise my family and move kind of forward, like, kind of leave me alone type thing. And I, yeah, and I was, you know, I, and I think all sort of the next day, well, do a button came out and said, you know, these guys ran away from their posts and things and, and to a degree I understand where that came from, but it actually, it upsat me because they were really sold out by their leadership. And we didn't know at that point, you know, how they're going to treat a foreign, how they were going to treat a woman, how they were going to treat a journalist. And I just think that was just sort of, and I still hear it now about, you know, people going around trying to get weapons, trying to, you know, it's not there. Just sort of, a way to present, I guess, Afghanistan to people in a very visual way, you know, just sort of showing people what, what it's like to be there through the fall, and then in that period after, and who the Afghans are, who the Taliban are, who are all these different players. So, you know, when Taliban's approach some of these soldiers, you know, they either have to show the letter and if they don't have the letter, then the Taliban's will want to know where their weapon is and what they're doing kind of thing. It's like the worst thing to say, the worst thing to say and even an worst thing to think is, I know, I know what you're thinking. Women, you know, I met with many women who, you know, were doing, you know, in the national sort of tech one do teams or in the national tennis team. and he said, you know, he've gone out that day and they just, they were so outnumbered and he's three bodyguards had been killed and, you know, it was really the commanders that were trying to hold it and he said, by four o'clock that afternoon, somebody came to him and said, oh, dust and left. And like you said, you know, you're reporting about what the, the new Northern Alliance was, how well they thought and you're like, they, there wasn't much of a fight and people are mad at you. And that's the way that I sort of see a lot of journalism is not to go in and interrogate or to stick it to them or to, you just have to go in and have a conversation and sometimes that's, I find it to be really difficult because, you know, he's somebody that's, that's, you know, bragging about killing Americans or, or, and yet you still have to go in there and have tea and talk to them and it's, it's a balance of sort of this compartmentalization with, running from a place a few manatee, but I see that as, that communication is being something that really journalists can do. And that's the, when you pull the string on Vietnam, the South Vietnamese government was just completely corrupt and a lot of the issues that they had were due to the exact same type of corruption, the whole, system operated on through corruption and scratching each other's backs and, you know, getting money here and putting in your own pockets and, you know, that was just the way it worked and that was a huge part of the issues that they had and why, it's the exact same thing, it's literally the exact same thing, seeing it again. And, you know, telling me about, I'm asking them about there, how they viewed Islamic law or entry law and what they wanted and they just sort of said, well, you know, we want people's hands to be topped off when they steal. My biggest thing that, to, to drive home is, you know, we can talk all day about military strategies and, and the Taliban military strategies, but at the end of the day, and I feel like I'm a broken record saying this, but corruption, corruption, corruption, the last government backed by the US, there was so much corruption every possible level to the point where, if you wanted to go and get an interview at the US embassy, just an interview, if you were a university graduate who wanted to get a job at the embassy, because that was a cool thing to do. Like, these dogs, like, they don't look like, you know. And now they're out, you know, and so, in friends of mine, you know, I had it, you know, even with my fixer, and good friend of his, he was saying that someone he's known since he was very young. That's why another thing like going deep on squats, the minute you're like, well, you know, I don't need to go that deep. And I really had no idea what she was going to say when I asked her that question because even, you know, reading through articles and stuff, you know, I thought maybe she'd have some strategic thing about the way we treated the trial. But, um, and I mean, you know, you know, very close without, you know, the founder of the Hakanis, Hakani himself. And next thing you know, you hear in choppers in the air and I said, I haven't heard this for ages, you know, was going on and they were flying a black hawk and two of the Russian MH17s and they had apparently dropped a suicide bomb on to the hospital because ISIS was attacking it. But, you know, he's someone who used to go to each match with, you know, the police, you know, Afghan police flag. But if you have the ankle mobility and then you don't do them for a while, then trade do them, you'll feel like, oh, wait, I got to get my ankle, like mobility kind of back, you know? Oh, it's almost sort of a, it's almost like a, it's almost like a, it's almost sort of like a, it's a tribute to the moora, but for some reason they felt the need to put the Bobo Bell there. But I think it's something that's very important to Americans and important to, you know, to my generation who really grew up, you know, with often on 11 and so many people that I knew that went to fight there. We know you were, you know, we know your Afghans security. And I was like, I think it's, you know, I called a few people as I kiss it going to hold. I did hear stories from guys that I knew that said that the Taliban would like a pro-chivalage and just send a messenger in there and be like, hey, you know, here's your chance. And then, the corruption on every level was just so rampant and so disgusting, and even when, you know, a lot of these wallards and people were fleeing the country and the tallybs of taking over, there was chunks of gold that they were keeping, you know, hidden underground, just wards of cash that, just unfathomable numbers. There was not a thing that you could do to get through daily life without paying a bribe, you know, to get through a checkpoint, you're paying a bribe, to get whatever you need it, like, life for afghans was difficult, because of this institutionalized corruption, that I think the US looked at, and said, well, this is too systemic for us to do anything about, we just have to leave it. And you know, it was an interesting place because it, you know, again, is that sort of the home of the Hakkana is, but it was very untouched a lot of the time by actual conflict. Um, and see you putting like Instagram live up in your reading like, oh, you're reading people stories like, I look at Echo's story. And it seemed like that could be sort of like the Montana or the, you know what I'm saying? I mean, you're, I mean, I know there's others that are like you, but you are in the model of the old school journalist that's out there to gather information and kind of report what's going on. it was just sort of this idea, and I guess looking back, it was, you know, selling a story that didn't exist, but we decided, okay, well, let's go and cover what's happening in Mazaw, even though the northern provinces surrounding it were all sort of falling, there was this sense that Mazaw was going to hold. So, you know, if you're going to go into a country or give country any sort of form of foreign aid, I hope that the US or in the countries can learn that lesson of, if you don't stop that right in the beginning, if you don't hold people accountable, and there was, there was never accountability to any of the corruption or stolen money. So I don't know, but it seems like it's just so accepted in certain places, you know. You're not sure what's going to happen, but you know what's going to happen if you don't surrender, you're going to die. So, yeah, I talked to some of you different people and I thought, you know, any sort of rescue, any whatever is not going to happen. And, I guess, you know, walking away from them, and I knew that it was time to leave, and I knew that, you know, some of the decisions that I felt that I was making as a journalist were, I was taking risks that I knew were, were, were, I shouldn't be taking. You know, with my fixer, I'm like, don't leave me because these people are going to mob me. So people looked at that, afghans looked at that, and we're like, why am I starving here when this local governor is rolling around and with all this money and rolls, rolls, and all these fancy things, and I can't, you know, I have to pay every time just to get to my job. So it's a very complex decision and there's going to be a lot of people that feel very strongly in many ways but it's an uncomfortable decision that needs to be made on a diplomatic level of how we're going to deal with this because I think the Afghan people are being through enough and they don't deserve any, they don't deserve to suffer their ramifications of this anymore than they already have. You know, like how much of a thought like that. And it's like, you know, even when you say a text it like texting is so new that we the language didn't even catch out. Like, you know, because if it's, let's face it, dude, if Pete was running, like, had full creases. But when you talk to regular Afghans or students or people that, you know, in their young 20-something, they don't know who he is. I was very invisible, which at first I took, I said, you know, I'll be, you know, I went with the approach that they're not used. So a lot of the people that were, you know, fixing the 20 years are suddenly like, why can't speak the language that's needed. So it's not like, and again, there's plenty of Americans that fought alongside the Afghans and had met awesome Afghans troops, just like in Iraq, you know, there was. So if it's like their corrupt and they're just tired of that corruptness and they're like, you know what? As you were talking about like the talking of one of the Afghan soldiers that you knew and how he, you know, hey, we're going to stay here. They're not thinking about what they're doing, they're thinking about their job, they're thinking about their company, they're thinking about moving, you know, how they're going to grow, how they're going to go new markets. And thanks for letting us know for all you do to go out there and let us know what's actually happening and reporting it so that the world knows what's really happening. Are you going to, are you going to, you know, you wrote only cry for the living, which is an incredible book, that really gives such clear picture of everything that went on with the ISIS battlefield in the Levant, what are your plans on this stuff? Yeah, that was me going, oh, you know, I'm not going to be selling these weapons, freaking bikinis anymore. So you had, you know, I was trying to get all this information and then the morning and the telebands were out having a crazy, you know, teleband party all night. Yeah, I was definitely some of your articles mentioned the fact that, you know, some 20-year-old Afghan didn't really know who Osama bin Laden was. And it's just interesting because you sort of look at this war and you, that was continuing to go on and, and yet you sort of have the people that are caught in the crossfire who just sort of have no idea of what happened and what the background is and why this is all kind of still going on. And then then that Sunday, we started seeing news reports that the telebands were at the gates of Kabul and then the next thing, you know, they're taking the palace and we just sort of, I looked at, I looked at Jacob and that happens and I said, well, we're pretty much, we've got to figure this out. But yeah, a lot of the information I was seeing about these mass slaughteres and I think there was one thing where, and a lot of people had asked me about it, there was a room of going around about a girl that had been beheaded by the Taliban and when I looked into it and asked my fix, I looked into it and it turned out that she had been killed in July. And so, you know, it's tough for the guys too, even though they can do well, you know, a little bit more than the women. Okay, because I know Eco does, you know, he's very up to speed on those kind of movies, but that's what it was. Yeah, you know, and now that then they're not allowed to do there, you know, to not even practice, let alone go into any tournaments.