Like when I read this and I read that all these 68% of people avoided the draft like I read that it doesn't it's hard for me to compute that it's hard for me to compute like being a man and being like, Oh, a bunch of people are going to go fight a war. Like, well, how do you know, like even, I'm not saying no one's going to, but then you're you're counting for like so many people, so many different types of people, by the way. I don't really, it seems like because there wasn't social media because there wasn't 24-hour news cycle, if you lived in Ohio, and you were going to join the army, you only saw the other people in Ohio, and probably the people that you hung out with were like, yeah, well, you're joining the army, you're from Ohio and where Americans are, we're joining the army, oh, you got drafted cool. Going crazy he says this during my lifetime in moments of extreme stress anxiety or panic I have done things that are dumb and destructive it is humbling and instructive to remember my own episodes of dysfunction when I consider the insane actions of some project hundred k men who were young typically nineteen or twenty and burdened with more anxiety and vulnerability than I will ever experience that's a freaking great point you think about the things that you've done when you're stressed out freaked out and you've done dumb things behave badly made bad decisions because of that and you're a smart person imagine what these other people I don't know more stress in a combat scenario. Then again, think about it because you could see like one of these people, especially if you're used to just like handling people and that with that kind of numbers, you know, we need a thousand guys here. And when you kind of take it as a whole, the reality sets in where it's like, no man, this is going to leave people straight up dead, confused, freaking like worse off, you know, because all of the unintended consequences. And also, if you say, hey, here's, we're going to war and you cannot explain why and the top of this goes, hey, dude, what are we doing going, and as soon as you got people going, hey, right? But if you think back to, let's say a 20 year old person who isn't like you, like maybe maybe maybe they do have my maybe their middle class and they got normal stuff, quote, I'm quote, normal stuff went on. But just like the idea of, hey, if I pitch the draft, you like this, listen, where at war we need people, everyone's going to have to serve. And just like this, just like imposing the draft, that's why people is like, don't you think everyone should serve in the military? So it's like a, it's like a, this constant balancing act because sure you can have more people, but you can't lower the standards all the way down so that more people actually hurt because there are a month people who are incapable, whatever. I mean, that's a that's a spectrum to where like isn't that like a typical thing people might say about the criminal justice, right where it's like. But blood pressure is like that seems like something you can just sort of cure with like even like the weight thing. You know, like, if you're going to the, I don't know, what you're going to do. You'd be like, you know what, don't really like it, but it seems like the fair thing to do, cool them down. So it really clarifies that those did the difference in perspective because look, if I'm a little guy who's not very strong and I, and each one of our, and I'm, and we got the cut-up log and everybody and you know, you got, I don't know, how many guys in a year and a boat crew with other guys that are your same height or very similar. In city, as totalitarian, communist wanted to enslave us and trample upon our rights, we must be strong men, obedient men, and we must be willing to sacrifice like Washington's troops did at Valley Forge in the darkest days of the Revolutionary War, or like Eisenhower troops did on the beaches of Normandy. I was like, you know, you know, you're just a little bit like I was like a thing like and other people like his friends or whatever would do that as well. Or maybe now it's like less like official, you know, or something like that. All these people avoiding, we covered that one book called Company Commander and the guys going through Army O.C. Army Officer Cannon at school and they're like, where do you want to go? But like I said, like it's not a vacuum and it's not, you know, people are different. So let's get some, you know, some other guys doing some other stuff, we're sure that, you know, one of these three guys could probably do the job of eight of these other guys, but they're over here doing, you know, busy doing other stuff, so let's get eight more guys. In infantry units, the poor were joined by many men from working class families described by historian Christian G. Appies as, quote, the 19-year-old children of waitresses, factory workers, truck drivers, secretaries, firefighters, carpenters, custodians, police officers, salespeople, clerks, mechanics, miners, and farm workers, and, quote, men from lower economic levels, porn working class comprised 80% of the combat forces, while the remaining 20% came from the middle class, half of them serving his officers. But when it comes with that booster, whatever you kind of accept it, then you kind of embrace it, then it's kind of like, yeah, you know, it's working kind of a thing. But again, think about how it was probably like for anything like, hey, what if your neighbor, what if hey, look, I grew up on, you know, fifth street and proud. Or you know, I was like, like, fuck, you know, I was either, I come to jail or come here. And then you go to war and you realize that people are going to get killed and you're realizing to kill some bad people and you realize that some civilians are going to die as well. But you wonder like, I wonder if that was on purpose that they're kind of like, oh, yeah, maybe all these other consequences or did they really kind of think that. And she's like, oh, like, let's do something else wherever he's like, oh, no, no, math is fun. So, and it's like, damn, now I got to risk my life for something I don't really know about, not necessarily that I'm against or for nothing like that. So steel man argument for that is kind of like, yeah, like there are success stories and those success stories kind of play out exactly how they're purporting. Yeah, and again, it kind of goes back, you know, in a small way, maybe in a big way to the, that like marketing campaign idea. And you mentioned it earlier too, right, where that'll kind of make the general society unhappy, where it's like, hey, these are like, they have important roles in our society, because they're educated and all this stuff. Most project 100,000 men were graduated from basic training, even if the even if company commanders had to cheat to get them through, after leaving basic training, project 100,000 men were sent to AIT, which is advanced individual training to learn impotu tactics or if they were lucky specialized skills, such as radio telephone operator RTL, perhaps. So there's got people getting drafted, you got people getting told, hey, you're gonna get drafted bro, you might just, so they never would have enlisted voluntarily. Because psychologically, like if it's all one log and you kind of can't tell who's putting out and who's not, doesn't that kind of add to the team building experience where you kind of got to trust the guy? And he's like, all in do it, you know, and then she tells she was like kind of bored with it. Is he thinking he's talking to you know, eight year old girl is going to be like, yeah, Like, see, but remember, even like movies, like you'd have to go buy the tape. Well, well, like someone's freezing all cut all around them to like, to like get them warm. Wait, am I really, are we really going to take a kid from some rural area that's got a fourth grade education that's got an IQ of 60 and we're going to turn their lives around or take some kid from the inner city ghetto. I definitely knew people that told stories like that, but there's a lot of people especially when you first get in the military. But look, if you ever had a thought of man, I wish I had Jocco kind of in my ear just to let me know everyone's and like give me a little psychological spot when I come across these moments, that's exactly what this is. Adrian Arluis, a retired U.S. Army major who taught at West Point said, the primary concern of the draft was pacification of the American people to disrupt the American society as little as possible, providing the armed forces with the best men possible was at best a secondary consideration. So yeah, the government or if you need people to fight your war, you've been have a good marketing campaign and it's either going to be a easier seller or a hard to sell, whatever that's in. And again, when you're, when you're attitude is you're going to impose things on people and you're going to enforce discipline instead of lead and listen and corroborate to figure out how to execute things. Yeah, but even then, again, from our perspective when it's done with and you know, when things kind of sort themselves out like that makes sense for sure, just to maybe have trouble seeing that. Even though the idea of taxes makes sense, you're like, wait a second, the government has the function, you know, all this stuff and the government needs money to function and do all this stuff, so the idea of taxes, yeah. These men were often harassed and given humiliating names overweight men were ridiculed with names such as Fatty, Lardas and Porkey, excessively thin men, skin and bones and tiny men run and midget. So if you're getting drafted and you don't like it, what the proper thing to do is for the country is to stand up and say, hey, listen, hey, listen, I am not going to go do this. An announcing project 100,000 McNamara never said a word about combat to hear him what a would have thought men were going not off the war but off the school. So you got people trying to get these bad discharges changed and the military uniform officers like you. You have to go in the military and you got to go fight this word that you don't know anything about, you don't know anything in military. That it was a thing that people were right in home from college going, don't worry, mom, I got to get a letter from a psychologist. It was like, it seems like there was less connection, but it's interesting to hear some of these statistics that he talks about here and the way they saw looked and the way they saw washed out. So, but you know how like there was like a very distinct era. Like, we impose, we overlay our thoughts on the people that we have no idea what they're like. It's submit to the draft and serve two years, probably in combat or they could volunteer and serve three years in non-combat MOS, which is a military occupational specialty like mechanic cook or computer programmer. Everybody, hey, that when I show this to you, you're going to 100% I'm going to, well, how am I going to do this? The induction center has really had the time to contest what an outside expert said using letters demonstrated the advantages held by middle class men who had easy access to sympathetic physician working class and poor men either had no such access or they were unaware that a doctor's letter was an option. They kind of worked and all of a sudden we're going to know, you know what? Sure, Mac and Mirrors like, hey, this is, you know, Johnny from wherever this rural area in the middle of nowhere, whose main goal in life is to have freaking work at the service station because he likes cars. So you know, if you were going to get exposed to music, it was going to be from some other team guy. Yeah, you're like, oh, yeah, this guy's going to be more capable. And then like, maybe my wife were looking at each other like, oh, what the hell is this good to go to? Because everyone, every one of those guys and buds, going to have a time where they're like, oh, this isn't my strength right now. As the military grew more and more desperate for manpower, induction centers grabbed every warm body they could find even men with serious medical conditions such as asthma, high blood pressure, hearing loss, Carlos Martinez who said he grew up in the streets and orphaned edges of Bronx and Brooklyn was rejected by the military 1964 as physically unfit for service, but in 1967 low and behold he was now fit. There's another fast forward a little new inexperienced men in army and marine units, especially project-huntered Kay men had a high rate of getting themselves and their comrades wounded a killed in the first few months of their tours in Vietnam. Though some Project 100K men did well in the service passing basic training going on to productive military assignments. And well, to a lot of people, to a lot of people, things are going to happen. You just know what has worked and even when things you say they quote worked, you know that those things have been stressed and sometimes they didn't work all that well and maybe the standard should have been higher. I'm trying to think, I don't think I actually was ever in that bad of a situation during Buds, where I was like, got a carry me across the line or whatever. Like all this program is going to have this this benefit on these people who otherwise wouldn't have these benefits. Because, well, like I said, you have your standards and you think, well, we kind of have survived with these standards for four wars, right? And if 68% of the draftable populist would have said, hey, I'm not going to go fight not because I have braces, not because I pissed on myself, not because I'm in college, but because I don't think it's the right thing to do.