Okay, so it was really interesting, Jaco, because as we were turning over things to the Iraqis so that they could hopefully stand on their own once we left, one of the, one of the very last things that we turned over to them was the actual coordinates for the target we were going to hit, and as a point man, I was sharing that responsibility with another, another one of my, you know, another, another guy in that platoon, and so we were, we were like doing blue and gold shifts, it was my night, and so they gave me like, hey, this is the, this is the eight-digit grid we're hitting, these are, you know, maps, you know, of the area that we're going to, we were actually going to obbograbe, which is like a suburb of Baghdad, and which of these like a 45-minute drive from Felusia, and so they were like, you know, notoriously nasty part of the city, yeah, the, like the prisons there that everyone's heard about obbograbe prison, but it's also like a part of town, and it's, it's notoriously a pretty bad part of town. and then you'll spend a month doing that and then sometimes it'll be four months before before you shoot your gun again, you know, and it's like, so I feel like, by that point, you know, in my service, I finally felt like I was, you know, okay, I feel comfortable doing this, I feel like I'm decent at it, you know, the learning curve of doing Patuens, I think exactly correlates to the learning curve of having children and your first kid, you have no idea what's going on, your total idiot, and but you learned so much by your second kid, you're like, okay, we kind of got this, by your third kid, you're like, I'm dialed, I'm ready. Yeah, the people, I guess it's hard to, it's hard to see from the public persona that got put out of Chris of like how funny he was and how like shit talking he was, it just like, and the other thing that sounds craziest, the prank, like he like to do like pranks on people like a little kid, you know. And so always try and, you know, be, you know, be a part of not bringing people down, bringing the group down, but just being positive, you know, because there was some, there was some of that going on in that group, like, you know, some real negativity and, you know, I get it, I understand why, but at the same time, I don't, I don't know that it, you know, was very productive, making us the most cohesive, you know, fighting unit that we could possibly be. I like to, I don't know if you do this, Shaco, but I like to think about sometimes, you know, from a legacy building perspective, like, like, I like to think about my funeral, like, who's going to show up? No, so when I got out of, uh, when I got out of high school, I started working some like odd jobs like construction, you know, at one point I was like a scorekeeper down at Parks and Rec, you know, for like softball games, stuff like that. Like, we would come in, like, we would come in to rooms like the new guys like back to back, like, our hands ready to go because you didn't know what was, you didn't know what were you were going to be, get it with, but they definitely, they definitely loved having new guys around, I'll tell you that. And honestly, that's why I'm an America first candidate, not because I, not because I hate, you know, any, any other country around the world, but I love this country, and it's for so long, so many of our leaders and politicians have put America on the back burner, and they've sold out so many, you know, of our workers, our constituents, and it's just like, hey, you know, I'm off for, I'm off for, you know, free trade, but it needs to be fair, and we need to make sure that we're not shooting ourselves in the foot and shooting, you know, you know, displacing our work for us and taking manufacturing away from many of these folks and families that, you know, count on it. Turns out, once I got out of the Navy and went to like a civilian dock, like laser spine instituted in Phoenix, they were like, hey, man, you got, you know, you got some stress fractures and you're spine, you've got some, you know, some stuff going on, we can either give you a fusion or we can just give you shots and I was just like, okay, I'll just wait. Like, I don't know what's going to, is the playing in a land is like, I'm going to have to PLF out of the plane because there's like, people shooting us like, I have no idea or no context for what that's going to look like. Or like, you know, it was like, it was so position driven in football that, and when you look at it like wrestling, water pool swimming, you know, the types of sports like that were it's like, it doesn't matter. He's like, you know, all the acronyms, BTF, Charlie might, you know, the guys are just rolling because he's, you know, he's like, you know, making fun of all these guys who want to be like Jaco. but yeah, I mean, it was interesting getting, you know, an ambush like that, we're only got four dudes, and then a bunch of a bunch of FelusiusWatteam guys and you're like, you know, at one point, our AOS at the time, he was like, he was on my side of the street, just give us, like, give us, start to finish a little bit. and it affects everybody and this idea that we can just print our way out of this mess that we've gotten ourselves in because we don't have any fiscal responsibility and we have politicians that want to support of, you know, a spending bill so that they can go back to their constituents and say, oh, hey, look, I just got you guys, you know, great broadband, you know, wifi or whatever it is, but knowing deep down that there were, you know, a thousand other things in that bill that wasn't good for the country but now they can come back to hold this trophy up and be like, look what I did for you guys, you know, all across the board, how about energy? But yeah, it didn't, and it was interesting because as I went down that pipeline, you know, I started to think, you know, people would tell me, like, especially my brothers, you know, you always raise your brothers, give each other hard time and my brothers, you know, I probably dished out more than I, than I received, but you know, they would tell me that I was stupid because my grades were awful. And it's like this, it's gets this heated exchange, like, what WTF, or you guys doing, you know, because we had to pass, you know, how that works, we have to pass up to, you know, their hire, I was like, where we're going to be operating. And, but I, you know, it was interesting because like you would, you know, you do your op, you do your mission and then like you've got another, you know, click or two to ex-fill out and, you know, trade it's putting down over half of your guys. I mean, that's just a, like a, like a, like a, like a, like a, a massacistic move, right, to go and just open up your life, give away your time, give away your privacy, give away any semblance of civility from other human beings. and you have Democrats like the guy I'm running against, guy named Tom O'Hallor and who will try and convince you that inflation, it's not that bad or it's, you know, I've even heard in the media they'll say, well, Jen Socky said, well, you know, it's an upper class problem, you know, and it's like people that are putting gasoline in their cars, people that are buying hamburger meat or any of the consumer products that we buy, those prices are going up and up Yeah, it was a real bad part, and anyway, so they, I can't remember who told me, but they were like, hey, like this is the first night, we're going to give these guys a great coordinates, so I want you to walk over there with an interpreter, well, you know, go outside our main base, go to there where they, where they were sleeping, the Felusia SWAT team, given the great coordinates for the target we're hitting, and I ask them, make sure that they know where we're going, because they're actually going to lead lead us out. To the point where like, I couldn't keep up with it, I had to start like, moon, like bringing guys in from the military that were like, you know, doing whatever job and they'd have, they'd work in the garage and help me out. So that, what you do on that deployment, so, as you're as now, we're DSCliners, this is like 2010 now, yep, 2010 we're DSClinating, we were partnered up with FelusiusWatteam, we were still doing, you know, some DAs here and there, we were doing a lot of fit with them, making sure that, you know, they knew what they were doing, and we actually started me and one of our jails kind of ran the fit, and we were just making sure, we were trying to turn more and more of the op over to them, so by the time, by the time that platoon was over with, if we would go on an op and there were only allowed to be four seals on the ground, you had to have for every one seal, I think you had to have five Iraqis, that was the ratio it had to be, and so the, you know, the closest call I ever had was a night where we got ambushed by three dudes and we only had four seals on the ground, we had, we had, I think, two, three gun trucks, so we had three RG 33s with those remote weapon system, the remote 50 cows, And like, like, I was like, as kind of a seed at, you know, like looked after him, just loved the kid, such a such a solid dude. I'd never seen one either, but he had this, he had the sales, he had the product there and Kevin, they were looking at it and Kevin's like, you know, he's like, is the brand on on this anywhere and the guy's like, no, he's like Kevin just starts ripping him up. I know that, you know, one of the things that I like to tell people, this is how it felt for me was, you know how echo you always get like a, even today, you'll probably get a second win, you'll feel tired and then you'll get a second win. You know, and I was I felt, for the first time I felt like, I didn't feel like I was some great operator, but I felt like I felt confident for, you know, because it takes a while. But yeah, like, even as like, you know, it's a wide receiver that they would make, you know, you know how it was. And so, you know, it's already, you've already got your body armor on, you've got like a machine gun, you've already got like, you know, you're loaded for bearer. There wasn't a lot of free time, but we did allow ourselves like that was our, like, you know, one show that we'd watch together and I was like, babe, we got to figure out how to get boner breacher on each and every one of these units leaving the garage. And thankfully, you know, and I don't know how it would have worked out if we would have done, you know, what he wanted to, he was just being a hard charging, you know, oh, he was, he wanted to make moves and, you know, go just smoke these dudes. And so we did like a video, a video drop off, like, vehicle drop off, like 600 yards from the target, because the argys are pretty loud, and we didn't want them to hear us like foot patrolling in or the vehicles. He'll be like, well, you know, I should think I should hear an offer from and if the one of the other sharks starts talking like, hey, I'll offer you this Cuban will be like, I'm out. Like no one wanted, like, if someone didn't make a touchdown, it's pretty hard for us to be like, yeah, we should just give them the touchdown, even though he didn't make the touchdown, like, that doesn't make much sense. I'm just going to, you know, hang out at the team and like, maybe, you know, sweep for a little bit and like, go to a school every once in a while. So you're talking about the fact that, you know, like, with your faith with, you know, you basically a couple times in your life at critical times have been praying and saying, hey, look, if I'm supposed to go to Buds, open the door, if not close it, you know, I need a way to help my family. It was like a green neon suit that you would wear at a football game or like a ski, you know, like skiing or something, made you stand out, right? And so like, I jump in my little green Honda Civic and I drive over the barrage as fast as I can and without, you know, getting arrested and he's like, he's like, just when you get the Danny's come out behind the bar. Like just like how Eli is like where I don't really watch TV, but there is one show that me and that's literally the one to show that you like. And, you know, I was hoping that the increased maturity was really going to help me out a lot, but, you know, I just worked out whenever I can and I definitely don't feel like I was ready just because of what I came out of, but I was more ready mentally to, you know, go back And it was, it was cool, but I, I like to talk about my failures, because I think that's where the gold off and is Chris actually sat down with each and every one of us with his like little green notebook and he's like, all right, tell me what, what your goals, what do you want to accomplish, what do you want to do? Yeah, that instant replay analogy was pretty much spot on there because it does like, you know, in football, as the example is, the if, you know, usually it's like a touchdown or an out-of-bound scenario, whatever, right? And it's, I mean, COVID, if that doesn't wake people up, you know, to, you know, the fact that often, most often, governments aren't typically interested in letting the power rest with the people, I don't know what's going to wake people up, but it's, it's getting bad, and we need to, we need some sled dogs to put their, uh, and maybe a couple leaders to put their, uh, their shoulder to the wheel, but just saying, am I the only one that's ever called him out on, I don't think so now. Like, when I need to get excited like all, but I'm not going to, I'm not going to rob rob rob ross just can borrow like I'm going to tell you, hey, this is what we're doing. And so honestly, that was the best training I got to go into entrepreneurship because, you know, as you know, like you you have like a hundred times more of this than I ever did. He, you know, thankfully, he didn't bring this up in the de-breed, but he was like, he came to me in the team room and he was like, he like, well, what were you doing? But you see, guys, in their first Patuens man, it's a lot of, it's a lot of stuff, especially nowadays, like when I was in my first Patuens, it was like, okay, your radio man, there's three radios, like it's it was just we weren't doing knots, we didn't have lasers on a weapons, everything was easier and guys now they have a lot more to learn, just even with the technical side there, more to learn and then from the operational side, there's more to learn, that's the way it goes. Like I was running in like steel, the, you know, back when you had to run the screen test and like steel, towed boots, knee knockers. And it made sense to me because like I was a quarterback and they were like, you know, they put a red jersey on me, like, don't hit that dude. And so, you know, that, that became, you know, a joke, you know, running joke after you left, like, got to do all these guys walking around, what would Jaco do? Every time, like, came in, like, made, you know, four, three, two, you know, one second. And then like it felt like you just did like, you know, an hour long intensive therapy session or something. And I say that respectfully, man, because again, I know that a lot of people don't see things the way I do or feel this, feel the same way, but again, I'm not trying, I'm just trying to help other people because I know there's a lot of dudes out there asking the same questions that I was asking and they want relief and they want to be well and they don't know how to do it. I felt like every time like, you know, five, six, seven hours into, you know, into it, my, I'd get tired. But it was like, no, like, he made me run around and like, you know, go report to so And so I walked over there, I gave them the, you know, the great coordinate, I gave them all the maps and pictures, I was like, do you guys know where this is, and they're like, I was like, man, and it wasn't like I was a jerk, but if, if I'm struggling, if I'm on the struggle bus over here, and I haven't grown up in maturity yet, I'm like, man, I got to, I gotta focus on myself. and I remember, you know, taking a couple days to think about it, but I'm just like, I got to go, you know, and I remember calling my mom and my dad and telling him, hey, look, I've decided I'm going to go join the military. I mean, there's so much that there's so much from like, comms to, you know, understanding maps to, you know, the physicality side of it to, you know, small unit tactics that you're trying to pick up and learn, but in that in special forces, you'll spend two, two weeks doing this And I was like jumping out of airplanes, blowing stuff up, you know, shooting, you know, being with, you know, being in a team environment. So, you know, and it's just, it's crazy, man, because when I told people, especially maybe guys, they were like, you like, what are you going to do when you get out? And, at the time, you could give your kids the GI Bill if you reinlisted, you had enough time in, and, you know, uh, and so I split, I gave my daughter my GI Bill and re-listed for four, so that I had enough time to plan the exit and at that point, I was pretty confident that I was done, you know, you know, the point and I was, I started focusing on, okay, I need it, I need to exit. And so there was a part of me that, you know, still had that identity in the back of my mind, like, hey, well, maybe you got lucky and became a seal, but this is when you're actually going to show the world that you are, you know, that F up. And if you don't want me to do it, please shut the door, you know, but I definitely want to spend the rest of my life trying to help, you know, help people and, and guide them towards, you know, concrete stuff that actually help me. And, uh, he was like, he's like, look, man, the only way you're going to know is if you, if you have what it takes, it's just a show up and do it. I know you, I know you feel it as well, but you know, how bad I saw that beat at Al Jaco, you know, the governor of California. You know, I had, that's one thing that, like, when I talked to people about seal training in Buds and the fact that they're trying to form you into a team guy, when I first showed up, I was immature and I was like, I was looking out for number one. Because I just really felt like, hey, there's never going to be a time like this, you know, where the nation needs the next crop to step up and serve. And he was like, he's like, bro, he's like, the wall right behind you, rounds were exploding right over your head. Like, you know, done five deployments, and I got, I got now, and I felt this like anger in this rage inside me. That's, that's freaking stone or that was stone or coming to tell me, coming to complain me about something and me saying, and him saying, like, I already know what you're going to say, and I'm like, what? Are you, are you, what, what, what, what, what, what, what universe are we living in, right, where that's a good idea, you know, and I like Jaco, what you've been talking about, hey, how about we get, get some of these, you know, police officers, some better training, right? For me, the second one was much better, just because I think that there's a lot of, you know, fear and anxiety going into something like that that you know has taken out so many men better than you or perceivably better than you and stronger than you and faster than you. Well, I'm like a bunch of other people that moment I saw that thing as a, I was like, did you know what I think about? And then I was like, okay, if these team guys who, you know, get everything, you know, people think they're the coolest dudes in the world they're willing to buy them. And I understand why you, you, you try and keep politics out of it, because, you know, I mean, it's such a divisive thing, but I just appreciate you taking a risk and bring it, allowing a guy like me to come on and, you know, talk about a little, even my faith, man. You know, but, you know, going back to, you just like working for Chris Kyle, dude, hey, that don't cut it anymore, man. I don't like exposing my family, you know, to this stuff as well, I just want my kids to grow up, kind of like a normal life. I really hope it doesn't come to that man, but but I give it up for these guys that are out there doing this because I look, I can, you know, sometimes people say, oh, I wouldn't like to do that, but you know, they're lying. and I actually got to go and, you know, be a part of that for like the last month and a half or something like that. And so anyway, like I wait, and I noticed that the, the, the, the little of fire dies down, and so as soon as it dies down, like I get up, and I'm like I said, I'm really slow. And I was just like, oh, and I'm never saying anything ever to get like I said, like that's a flood.