I was in Mosul, Bumbleblin, you know, because he's a student, he didn't ask until afterwards, you know, they're by graduated, let's go get, you know, a stay, can some beer and he's like, hey, uh, eight Tony, um, did you know that, that team of guys, that agency team of guys, or whatever, um, up in Mosul, that, you know, they got blown up the whole team died, I was like, hmm, I mean, 2009, and I was like, yeah, I wasn't, you know, making money off of it, just party and, you know, just doing dumb redneck stuff, you know, like hunting club roads, you know, you don't want to get on a road, you get a DWI, but we can ride around these hunting club, dirt roads, redneck stuff, you know, drink beer and, you know, and, you know, do all the dumb stuff we were doing. I'm like, whenever somebody wants to, you know, sound like, you know, understand war, they're going to quote that guy, you know, feudal Chinese battle and, you know, war theory, okay, cool, but great. Like clearly they didn't work like, you know, my dad, you know, in my head, I think every American boy's like me, you know, and others he's city kids and whatever man, yeah, Because all those drug commercials and TV is like when they when they get into the fight for it, you know, speaking really fast about all the side effects is like, and it could kill, you know, you could have crazy diarrhea and you could bleed from your nose and maybe your anus and then you might very well die from this kidney failure, you know, and people are like, okay, but ask your doctor, but your skin will be clearer after two weeks. Like things that like you could lose a leg at, oh, you know, in the medical like, whoa, you know, they have horrible, you know, in the little medics station and all those pictures. And there was still a lot of, you know, stuff out there, you know, we went after some, um, diagonal and chetions, you know, some of those, as they were, you know, because, you know, when you guys already working with a partner force, yeah, And of course, we can, you know, action targets if we need to typically, like in Syria, since we were working in such small elements that, you know, it was like, hey, got any rangers not doing anything tonight, you know? You want to try, you want to, you know, whatever, you know, I never really saw CrossFit as like becoming a sport, but I can help, but I like to compete, you know, let's get in it. And I always tell them that, you know, I'm still in 20th group, man, I teach down on our subfowse course and I'll pick on the young and it's not gonna be like, okay, whatever man, you know, that that fun, you know, shooting a shit, talking whatever you want to call it You know like you know as if you just said you know chocolate peanut butter milk like that's so good. You know, our partner forces, you know, I don't think guys always realize how tight we get with those partner forces, you know, I got some of my best friends on this planet are, you know, Muslims. Well, I could do all that when we got in the Afghanistan, you know, I knew how the little local tractor that the fellow had, you know, we needed it to move some stuff around with tunnels like, yeah, you know, I can run that. And I think maybe like you said like, with the right, we, you know, I don't think it really, like it didn't, it started out good in intention. Well, the other day charged up to me and it was like, you know, and ultimately I was like, hey, look man, you know, you say whatever you want, but you set that money out and he told me, he told me I was an ignorant wannabe. You know, that's a school that's producing, you know, pro football players, you know, DH Conley, over in Greenville, ECU, you know, big schools, man. And you know, before we know it, that was one thing my gym was so well known for, I'm so proud of it is that our women monsters and people would come to me like other gym owners and stuff like, what are you doing to motivate and turn these women into these monsters? Probably fell 15 feet, enough to, you know, basically when he hit me, you know, I kind of like feet went out and landed basically on my ass, like my feet were kind of out in front of me, little outcropping and it, that rock side just, just split my, L5, how much did you weigh at this point? And, you know, so after, you know, a couple years of that, man, I wasn't really interested, you know, it's like, what's the point? You know, man, I've been like, first time goes and every hard course they ever sent me to, you know, and like, this isn't, this isn't making sense to me. You know, he's like, yeah, you know, there's little supercubs of fly so slow that you could shoot, you know, coyotes and foxes and deal with a shotgun. But you know, we recognize that, you know, we get this little team and we really think we're the most awesome ever, you know, like they'll joke. Like, I don't know anybody except for some staunch left supporters of, I don't even know if there's any Biden supporters left, but there are the Democrats, right, who are just never going to say that they were wrong for voting for him or that he anything they've done is wrong, right? I, uh, I, uh, 2012, I was like, you know what, you know, freaking, I did these, you know, this eight years, maybe I should go back into guard. Like, that was their way of saying like, you know, we don't really know what the hell's going on either. I mean, I got like, you know, top PT and you know, it was a quickly made like the stupid platoon sergeant or whatever And you know, borderline, you know, we were misbehaving in the QCourse, you know, because it wasn't at hard, you know, especially in the MLS phase, it wasn't the very hard. yeah, I think, you know, with your background, you know, we can, we can bring in some people and that's how the whole shooting part of my business kind of started was just trying to help a buddy that needed some, you know, money because he was going through a divorce. So, you know, but I'll tell you my dad, you know, my dad wasn't like, you know, by today's parenting standards, my dad was a horrible father. and I was like, you know, and you know, there was a little click, you know, because I did the basic and AIT back to bags. You know, and purpose, you know, like we talked about that whole having something, I don't know if you get dramatic, say having something to live for, but that's ultimately what it is. You know, like, you know, it was a skydiving, you know, one never thought. And you know, who was like, you know, have any type of fratinization of clients and stuff like that? A little bit in the 60s turned into unless she was traveling to Afghanistan smoking pop music, but not like, uh, not like an anti-government hippie, just like a California young girl, you know, whatever. Now we're, you know, three years into the, into the war, four years into the war, man, I've been hitting a weight pile like everybody else, I'm probably like a buck 85 and yeah, man, it just bent me over, split my vertebrae, part of the very rate hit my spinal cord, the prognosis was you might walk with crutches one day. You know, my nearest neighbor, well, my nearest nearest neighbor is like some methods that live like, you know, half a mouth through the woods. I'm like, I'm blissfully, you know, like, you know, I'm not real crazy or angry about my diet anymore. And I'm like, all about drinking, he's like, you know, it's like, you guys really not. Well, I did play a little bit, but like, with Drew from, you know, the team and senior year, stuff like that, just, just because, yeah, man, he needed help after working. Now that I'm older that, you know, yeah, post-Positcomutatus, you know, now I look back and I'm like, should the military and the agency be allowed to advise, because it's face it, right? Let's face it, you know, a lot of upper middle class dudes and soft, you know, and you know, but and until that calling that I need to do this stuff because they're dad that's a mozzarella and they're good. so after she passed man, you know, I started being that bad kid, you know, and smoking weed, wound up doing a little blow, whatever, freaking gotten trouble, you know. Like, you've got your troopers overseas doing, you know, at least combat isch type stuff, you know, it was a good thing for the guard. Maybe maybe just, you know, chest and try the day, you know, and then a nice little light leg day, like my dead last man. And now it's like, hey bro, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, well, he's just a concerned citizen, you know, and we're lucky, you know, that could have gone so bad. You know, it was supposed to be just a little cross fit gym that, you know, guys like us, marine recomboys and Marciac dudes, because we're just south of the gym coming there, take their shirts off spit on the floor, throw up if they want to. You know, people always say, like, hey man, I know you're busy. Yeah, I was, you know, just, you know, the deal, man, just how, like everyone in software, all pretty smart news, we can get bees without really trying. You know, I'll go make some money, whatever, by a house or something, which is, you know, it was exactly what I did, but as I got better, you know, I went, became operational again. Like, you know, you guys thought whether he's wrong, you know, but that, we need some of that, man. You know, I've gotten out a couple of times with the whole campaign, like, well, just because you're a veteran doesn't mean you're, and I'm like, you're absolutely right. For he can, you know, I watched him lose a lot of weight, you know, he'd and talked to people, he kept working, you know, and he worked more, which was already done there in possible. There were small news that flying these little supercubs and peppercubs around and you know, he was talking about shooting, you know, doing aerial, you know, shooting foxes and stuff. So I joke that you know, when we're all out, you know, thinking we're cool, shooting out of a helicopter, bunch of redneck days, but you know, for a long time. Freakin' three Cs like that area study of all the equations that make up a an area whether it's, you know, population, resources, and all that sort of thing, not just like combatants, right? So now I had a drill sergeant's office key, which had all our personal bags and the right, like, so we would go in there and listen to the walkman and CDs, you know, and like, hide out and it was funny because the drill sergeant had no idea we were doing it, much less that we were leaving post. I watched my dad build this business from nothing to, you know, took us to a comfortable, I wouldn't say upper middle class, but, you know, slightly above average middle class, you know, especially for rural North Carolina, class of living is not huge. And I'm in, I got to go and be in Torbora, you know, so there was basically a lot of, because it's funny for us, like we all know how it all played out. We're sitting in a little mini van watching his house and freaking, I'm like, oh crap, I think it's like two in the morning, you know, and freaking dude walks up. You know, probably taking risks that I shouldn't have, you know, looking back, taking risks with my teams and my partner forces lives just because I was emotionally wanting some retribution, you know, they killed some of my teammates and damn near killed me and then Ben died. You know, and you're just wearing one of them silly little vests, you know, it might maybe 10 pounds enough to get you in between eight stations, which you know, are pretty considerable. Because in all the time, I, you know, those mornings when I wake up like, you know, I can probably not call some people. You know, you, you, um, hey, when you're ready, if you like, um, let's sit down and you know, maybe line out some nutrition, a diet, it's enough. Like as I got older, I was like, I don't stand a chance of being, you know, involved in this sport, but I can dance or coach and people to it. You know how hard it is to get someone to donate to your campaign, when they don't even know if you live in their district or not, you think the Democrats don't know that. And a lot of times, you know, the deal, we would use that terminology like when on the teams and stuff like regular people. And we can probably just turn this into a democracy because we like democracy and we, you know, we like it and all those people must want to be free too. We were all like, this pandemic might be something within about six weeks, we were like, hmm, and we all knew like these cloth mass, right? And that's kind of the thing where you know like, you know, drinks kombucha, all the females in my family. Like, you had used to say to you, yeah, I mean, it was like, hey, you know, call your family members. I like to be in places where it's just quiet, you know, growing up on the coast, you know, the water and then because of a dare, or someone talking smack, I went to die school, wound up on a dive team. He didn't care if I completed it, you know, at a hundred percent, you know, awesomeness or whatever, you know, he just wanted me to try. And it's weird, you know, it's weird, like you have to remind guys, like, hey, guys, this is not an operation. And, you know, by like, so I was born in 76, so by 82, the business is doing good, you know, so and I'm old enough to be aware of it. You used to be, you used to be kind of a joke that you know, like, okay, you think fighting on internet, it's not like a real fight. Or if I ran a bunch, like when I started, when you, you know the first two days of football practice, you get sore, like your sore, your legs are sore, your abs are sore from doing sit-ups, your next are all this stuff. Yeah, man, so, you know, also our, man, we were the smallest school system and right next door to us is like West Craven. And you know, strategically speaking, you know, we're addressing, you know, fundraising, talking to donors and then there are voters. I know you mentioned about how what to do for people to get to help out, you know, locally, where that out, how can people, I think that's probably a pretty good place to wrap up because we've been going for over four hours. You know, my older sister, man, she's like, she's like a T-1000. You know, do you even like, you know, Americans are still mad about the whole riots and the black live matter stuff. I'm like, hey, you, you know, you, you stop being a pus and, you know, maybe stop being so many donuts fat so. But you know, those guys on the teams that go to the gym with their buddies, you know, they got their little click, little two and three man, team that goes to the gym. There's thoughts, you know, those memories that pop back up, to make us all upset, you know, and tear up and, you know, and so on and so forth. It was always funny because, you know, like, the two one guys, you know, the the lear jets were waiting for them. And again, you know, always step back and say, you know what, I don't know everything. You know, I had convinced myself, you know, you know, they're doing. It's like, you know, side of the road dirt motel, one story old school, you know, 1950s built motel. I'm talking about mature adult conversation because he could have easily been like, you know, an arrogant dick and been like, whatever, I'll run guess whoever I want. You know, but like, you know, little pops on the, on the ass or whatever. So, you know, before we did it, you know, it's like, hey, are you sure? But there's all of us have that handful of guys that you're like, you know, like, I was kind of scary. No, you wouldn't like that, you know, you know, that wasn't on the list of things you can't do. Well, there's panic of county and there's like, you know, my graduating class is like 104 people. And I just use Tillman because he's such a famous story and what what an amazing man, you know, for he can pro football player, you know, with life is set for this guy, quits that and listen to Ranger Regiment, right? And I was just really cool conversation a little coffee shop there in Emerald Island, North Carolina, and we left it with, and I just, you know, I gained a lot of respect for the man when he was like, okay, I tell you why I'm going to think this over. You know, they don't stop training because, you know, like me, I've always liked to train by myself. You know, she's, she's never had hypothermia to where she was, you know, freaking disoriented or something like that. But, my dad always told me that he was like, you know, you know, a partner don't have one. You know, anyway, want about charities, like how charities can defraud the government or something like that. But yeah, and Melissa was instrumental in helping, once Melissa realized she wasn't big enough because last time we went to the games, you know, Dawn was, you know, probably at the time 1665, a girl, man, a 150 pounds, another volleyball player. And I was always in the, you know, I wanted to be like the, you know, the ER doc. You know, like every other world, you know, on Trooper. You know, if it like, and you know, that's funny. You know, it didn't feel like I had somehow compromised, you know, my soul. Like you got to climb like 9,000 feet in like a mile a half. Like, you know, I always, I hate it, growing up in military where it's some key leader would be like, well, you just don't understand the big picture. It was like, you know, so I drove afterwards, you know, I put my hands around my claw. So I was like, yeah, you know, he's like, Oh, yeah, you didn't shot that guy, like, like, like, 90s. So I was like, you know what, you know, she competes in three gun It was not like I was a, you know, dealing anything or stuff like that. And a lot of it was, you know, I could max the push up and sit ups, but my runtime was like, I was around like 11 flat two miles So, yeah, man, they started fighting with each other and you got, like, you know, half the teams over there with them and some of the other teams and then half of us over here with Zaman or, uh, Hossard Ali's guys and they're fighting each other. But I was like, you know what, if not me, then I'm out of place where I can, like I said, I'm able to sit on the shoulder. Like, you know, clearly like I said, I can pack a backpack and a duffle bag and move. So I always say like, I was already running an underground in auxiliary when I was in basic training, like, that was just, you know, where I was just. Well, eight months later, I'm still limping, you know, they put a rod, my leg, and all that, you know, I got my run times back down pretty good, but man, it hurt. And I think like my first PT test had must have run like a 15 minute 2 mile, but like my second one was sub 12. And I remember that was my probably my first exposure, you know, he would come home from a county commission and meet and, and these are all people we know, right? And looking back in a lot of ways, those lessons just continued to carry over whether, you know, like, heck, when we were in the Afghanistan or right before we were going in the Afghanistan, we were at the F.O.B. You need equipment moved around. And, you know, the armored car probably, you know, clearly saved me, blah, blah, blah, but yeah, man, my whole left side was screwed up, freaking just from damage to that, and brainstorm, and all that stuff. But the way he does it, is he does it in terms of like, like, you're the evil one and he's talking to you goes, all you have to do is just get some slaves and like he'll talk to, that's how he'll make it. But man, these ladies, you know, they can go and do, especially when you recruit the ones that can speak Arabic and, you know, can blend in, right, which we learned that lesson. But if you're a person that's young and healthy and you feel like you could, oh, and you know, a bunch of people that I've had it and it didn't impact them at all and you say, hey, I don't think I'm going to need that vaccine. Every none did all wake up and like, you know, I can hear their music playing it like four in the morning or something, but other not, they don't mess with me. All young, young pups and their snipers, I'm like, I thought snipers were supposed to be like, the most experienced dudes are like, we are. and, you know, like, wow, this would be some amazing snowboarding, like, what are they doing here? The, um, a funny story man, like, you know, talk about small world stuff a few years later, I'm running one of the training courses for the NSA, for them, for their security guys, participating in that. You know, like, no, hopefully I wouldn't like that. You know like like that's everything. But there is a good, the whole thing of, you know, the rules, appear weak when you're strong, you know, and appear strong when you're weak, right? But trying to get guys to sign up for combat arms, you know, the recruiter would be like, hey, yeah, signing my right up. Yeah, they got like, they could only work a few hours a day in my, man, these these one officers, they can fly for the rest of their lives, you know, because the Army has a worn-off's their program. And you know, the deal, man, you know, you got your kind of or whoever else at the F.O.B. We're out there living with these boys. I'm just like, huh, she's never known when it's like, like, since she's been able to use a smart phone, they've had Wi-Fi on airplanes. So I know people at UNCW, which is a, you know, Wilmington is a college town with a beach problem, right? A lot of our stuff is, you know, the ASO type stuff, the source operations, and then FO, you know, doing the reconnaissance, and especially with the layout of the ground, as far as a local population, and a lot of permissie type stuff. But yeah, so you know, man, some affirmative action policies, my dad got pushed over for some promotions over those years and like he should have been a supervisory role. So the good thing and this is why I think a lot of most people like this energy drink, because when you drink it and you have no guilt, you know that it's actually good for you. And you know, always, I was just, this generation, if they want something, just like our generation two, if we want something and we want to get and participate in something, and it becomes our hobby man. Because at least like on a TV and in theory, you could always go out back and sort it out, you know, at least going there and put the gloves on and sort back shit out, right? So, I always try to keep that reserve, you know, like that to keep me from creating assumptions and assertions that are realizing that my assumption and my assertions are always going to be less informed, right?