Yeah, and that seemed to gratify him that, okay, if you're going to hit them with the, you know, just like I just said to you, if like, hey, Jason, you knew something like, hey, but this is a good idea. So like the essence of cover move by the way because hey if you go out there by yourself and you go too far away well now you're not going to help us and you're not going to you're going to not going to get help from us either. so that's why the decentralized command is so important in all these battles and knowing it understated, you can tell when we get into some of these other battles like how well that worked in some situations and how you know, Chamberlain in some cases kind of decides what he's going to do based on the orders that he thinks are going to be the most effective for the situation that's going down. No, I mean, you know, like it's words like salient and things like that. The guards bring these guys over at point of bayonet and say hey you got these guys not my problem anymore this is like the shitty team guys is like And it's like, I'll do a lot of words searching where I'm like, Oh, you know, this or that, I know, two of those things, 45 minutes later for the next hour and a half. So these guys are on so so Chamberlain and his men are on little roundtop and then their little roundtop goes down and then it goes back up on the other side and that's the other side is big roundtop and this guy cap and Morelle takes a small group of guys like a dozen guys are some runs into those per day and sharp shooters over there. And Hancock and these other guys, what I really need to do is pay attention to when I'm acting like sickles and just not paying attention and pushing the line out, even though I was told not to when I'm doing that or when, you know, I'm behaving like Lee and I don't understand my subordinates perspective And, and then you know, sometimes I would be saying like, text Iris, like, I'm going to endeavor to get the kids ready for school. Is, you know, there's that thing people do where they like, hey, what's the one person that you'd like to have dinner with? yeah, like you, I realized that even though I was like, oh, this guy's such a great writer, then I read it out loud and I'm kind of translating it a little bit. I don't know what else to say when when you when you walk on that battlefield and when you know what happened and when you know the cost and when you know what the consequences were were we're going to be to win or lose there. In the matter of a dozen hours because you got these guys like 12 hours before getting to get his burger maybe a little bit longer but it's it's a quick turnaround time not talking about months where he's serenading these prisoners trying to get him the chains are mine. Like unless you're a doctor, a botanist, a history professor, and you know, and a religious, you know, minister, you're going to miss a bunch of stuff in there. I actually have that leadership strategy in tactics this first between I did I like made a call even also new guy and my chiefs like, hey good job. Like you can be like, hey, there's times where you and I might disagree about something and I go, hey, listen, we don't have time to figure this out. And you know what it feels like to be like, I want to go help Or they're going to win and you know, you just get to roll in there and be like, well, you guys did a good job high five. So these guys are getting in position as basically as fast as they can sounds like a like a peel into position kind of. So instead of putting them out on a flank again we're going to bring them right into the center of the union line where they're probably not you know probably not going to see any action. You know, and you always want to identify yourself with the heroes in any story, where the most growth is going to come from is where you go, wait, how are my like these people that really screwed this up and how can I fix that? They kind of said hey look these guys just made a stand on a little round top and they lost a bunch of guys and we're going to give them a little breather. And they're like well the thing is with the nurses the thing is with the millennials they vacuum in these groups that know this is the worst group of people ever right. You don't want to have to sometimes, because, oh, you know, before the bed podcast, I'm going, I'm going, going with a can at least sometimes, too. He had another friend that, I don't know, he had a adopted brother that was from like someone in the islands like Jamaica or something. Like you can take it like, hey, you just need to impose your will, which is actually what he just said, impose your will on the imperial purpose. Because now you know that you're going to have to commence the assault, make some progress, but then you're going to get relief very quickly and we're going to have the upper hand very quickly. Battles where there's literally relatives fighting against each other and just to know the course of human history and and that that point in time and how important it was it's it is it's like a spiritual thing to be there. Yeah it's any group at I you know nurses teachers you name the group and there's some leader not all leaders but there's a bad leader out there that says well you know the thing is with our soft one engineers is they think they deserve this they say about every single group. It could be viewed as what, like, like, a deal with a devil kind of a thing. And he brings that out in this one and other ones where he just laying it out, it's like, hey, we're some of the issues like communication obviously is a huge issue. And I read, you know, like Rogan was talking about, they took a little bit of break-in. It looks like a paintball battle field like setup. I feel like that's what kind of kill was one of the, you know, factors that led to Elvis's death, right? And then once I was used to it, I was like, gosh, I really like the way that he speaks. You know the thing with millennials they they think or you know the this this gen X folks they think they built all this so they think everybody says that's about everyone Ready at the final reach to sweep like a sharp wave crest over the enemies rock like barrier. But at least like after a while your night vision could adjust and you could be like, okay, I can we can move. That everything that we have and the course of history is we know it and the course of free people in the world like it all is there in this one little area where. They're like, we'll walk down trails and we got our hands on the guys, Shoulder in front of us because we can't see and we don't want to risk getting lost. You know like this guy is such an incredible writer and the way he conveys this it just doesn't need anything else. This is the thing I get all the time you know that I always have to bring up the Vietnam drafties and just how you know some people when people tell me about whatever group they're working with. Those things are like comfortable like pajamas. We gather under the atmosphere of these sacred thoughts and memories, like the high pure air that shines down upon us today, flooding these fields, fields where cloud and flash and thunder roll of battle and shrouded us, and them in that great three days burial to celebrate this resurrection, to rear on these far away field memorials of familiar names, and to honor the state whose honor it was to rear such manhood. I'm just going to go through all some little I got to go English major here for a minute, but that a little relation right there. The gaps not like sautheath but sharp as steel tempered in infernal heats like a magic sword of the Goths. And look, if I say, hey, no, Jason, this is what we're doing and you're like, hey, Roger that, got it boss. but you know you have they guys had so much in common with you know when we when we fight all of a sudden we're fighting against a person with a different language person with a different culture person from a different country. And that's what it's like, you're there and you're feel like you're part of something that's bigger than you and the it's just it's it's an immensely. They're going to be in a bad way and this freaking random guy that he's never seen before says, Hey, the general commanding says assault. And as I was reading, I was like this is the first thing I'm going to read in this book. Like you just pointed out these guys didn't even have shoes that were fitted for left foot or right foot. Hey man let's figure out what's going on with this guy chances are he's probably a halfway decent dude that just has some issues going on. And he was quick enough to go, hey, arrest this enemy guy and he's like, hey, come here before. You know what's weird is I just kind of like left myself out in, in the air.