There's no one like that, even, you know, Mikey Thornton, who won't see all that one of the metal varnish, awesome guy of, you know, just to just to, you know, he's a hero, but if you know, he gets interviewed, if it's watched a bunch of interviewed here and heard him talk, he's like, you know, he's like, oh, you know, you got the metal varnish that's not mine. That's why it's almost like if you don't know judo to, like, or for real fighting, there's not many out there, and there's not many, but even, we'll just say, if you don't know judo to, you might fall into this trap by thinking, well, you know, I might, you know, you never know. I wanted to do a little preview today of what it was like when we're getting set up because we have a little ritual that we go through when we're making some some beverages, you know, some alpha brainy and we have, you know, so I was like, I'd be pretty cool if you shot a little video and he's like, well, you know, maybe one day. Did you think that, like, and I can't, I mean, I don't know if, maybe this is where this even the question is coming from, but, if, you know, when you're insecure and you're just, like, everything's a competition, like, just in life, it's like, it goes beyond just what you're into. You know, because as an adult, like, you know, I think anywhere past 26, 27 years old, it's hard to get away with like, getting into a wrestling match in public, or, you know, somewhere outside of the map. So, so you're right in that, the more you train with people that are better than you, your defense is gonna be very good, because like when you mount me, I mean, you got a good solid mount, but I'm like, I'm like, okay, cool, I'm gonna be out of this You know, like, let's say like, like, the fight back to the fighting situation where about, you know, being a secure part of the male balancing and real psyche. But by the way, I don't know if you do this, you know, like, guys would be like, hey, I want to come visit you at the jammer when I'm right. And it makes it like, it's kind of, this little tool is kind of cool because it kind of makes it official, you know, like if you're, I mean, if you're one of the people that that listen to this and really talk with us and stuff, it's a cool way to kind of be more part of the group I guess. And then that person's getting launched, you know, like, a perfect judo, because you're going to, you know, how hard is it to judo throw somebody that doesn't know any judo to do to it? And it's really, it does serve its purpose because you know, Amazon, you know, like Amazon there, you know, they're a good company provides good stuff, good service and all that. And so I think it's, you know, and I felt that you know when I was a kid, you know, I got bullied just like everybody gets bullied at sort of certain point. Like, it's like you're walking around with this big, powerful, like, gun or something, like you're like, okay, who wants to get shot? I'm like, you know what, I don't really, hey, you know, I don't want to talk about that on the podcast, but this, like, for instance, before we hit record, we're recording, but before we go before I open the show, we're talking about something. It's like you don't want to actually fight with people because you don't feel the need to like, oh, I got a, I don't know, Yeah, you didn't think of it. You know, when I've seen that, you know, my son's had a couple little scuffles, a couple that I've witnessed too, where, you know, he just was like not trying to, not trying to have a problem until someone just grabs him. Am I looking, you know, so that's the kind of thing that I like to go back and look at the YouTube videos and say, you know, what does this look like? That way, when echo because I'm been, I've been hacking on echo to make little outtakes and other little conversations and videos and he's like, well, you know, we got some subscribers, but maybe, you know, if we had some more, maybe I'd be more. Like it seems like when I first read it, I was like, oh shoot, that's a good question, you know? But you drew an idol, but like it, like as someone who's competing in everything in life, like if you draw something and I draw something, you're like, I want to make my better. Yeah, I know for everybody, you know, people know what we, what we want to do is we want to maximize the effort that we put in here. So, when you are better than them, it's like you're still looking at this competition, like, you know, like, you're not on my level, so you don't deserve to be treated. You know, instead you'd say, you know, I got this, we had a $38 million project, got it done on time, under budget, ahead of schedule and when I got done with that, when they moved me to another project that was off track, and we got that one back on schedule and back on track as well. So whereas if I roll with a random other really good, you know, world of class, black belt, they might not know the particulars of my escape, Dean actually does know those, and he's good at it. It seems like it when I put my in up there, I'm like, hey, you know, I'm like fish. And pull them you feel the force of somebody or someone's just all like on you or even if someone like, I don't know, tackles you or something like that. And at the same time though, so if you fall in, and I don't wanna say it's like a small, because it's pretty big chance where if you enter a beginner class, there's gonna be a guy who's just as much of a beginner as you, and that's where you can really flourish, because you can practice moves, your new moves, which I mean, for lack of a better term, your junk moves, you know, on junk people. Yeah, it seems like the extreme ownership, as far as owning it is essentially taking responsibility like at all costs kind of thing for more like the bad stuff that happens. You know, you gotta, like, I don't know, hit him or something, really hard to knock him out one punch. Right, just like how you're saying, like even if someone had got like an award to be the best whatever. You know, so that people know like, oh, he read it cool on Facebook. Like, you gotta do, from behind, I don't know, even if you see him from behind, you know what to do from behind. I'm like, my knuckles, you know, I'm probably going to rip my t-shirt, this guy's gonna be right there. I'm saying like, your friends, you know, Oh, just, oh, whatever, you know, yeah, you do, And I've, you know, before you do that, I'll be like, hey guys, if you feel like fighting tonight, come find me. It's like three to five times with somebody that's never trained to get to before three to five times before they realize like, Oh, I'm never, Because you know, When you tap a guy once that's never trained before. And I wonder if, you know, because when I'm feeling that way, I'm like, okay, you got to attach a little bit because you're starting to get a little bit fired up. Like, if you're having trouble, like, being humble, it's kind of like, I'm just better than you in life. So like that's the kind of shirt, like, you know, a lot of lighter color shirt. And I know, you know, I know I get, I hear from all kinds of cops. So like, you know, if you free your mind, you know, Charles, free your mind. I have a tendency to wanna usually roll with guys that are, you know, like good, and I should spend more, and I do, I mean, I definitely, I train with everybody that we got at the gym, all training everybody. And you know, you ever had somebody that doesn't know you did to, like, maybe you haven't seen someone in a while. He's not on all the time, or he might not be ready for this, or, you know, all surprised him of the, like, this punch or something like this, and they won't give it its due credit. You see my son, you know, just, like, there's no guard passing, because the person doesn't even know what the guard is. It was in it was in it was, you know, bugs and ants and I'm like thinking myself, you know, this is nothing. And I'm like, you know, you get that feeling when, like, let's say you were in that jiu-jitsu. And you're like, hey, you know, this is the logo, something like this. If you're another Jiu-Jitsu guy, what you do is you play like, oh, we're just going like, right now. You know, I listened to one and I got to look at them to you know, a lot of people might not be interested in that. Like when I know I was feeling intense about something, I go and see what it, see what that looks like. If you know that you've achieved these skills, have these skills to win people, you know, who don't have your skill set, you don't want to fight them. You know, I know Gigi, so I'm going to try win fights and beat up guys. Yeah, because you know, if you listen to it on iTunes, you're like, why am I going to sit and watch Echo and John's with talk to each other? Because if you and I were had opposing ideas, but we had the same long term goal, I'm going to take ownership and say, all right, Echo, we got to come to terms here, we're going to work this out, we're going to figure it out. Like you got some good solid moves that you do and those are, you know, those work really well. So they go, ah, you know what, I'm just going to, if I'm just going to back off, I'm just not going to participate in the game. It's kind of like, maybe this is a good analogy, maybe not, but like in Gigietsu, where if you roll with a white belt, you don't go hard. Because everyone's like, who oversees or you know, I'm going to ask me, hey, what about this? So you know, I should have done double check on the audio before we started the podcast because, you know, we wanted to make sure that thing was recording. And also, I do not feel like you need to prove anything, but I literally am like, oh, I really want to get a fight with this guy. Like I'm just in life, you know, no matter what, which again, there's people that are that way, myself included. And you know, speaking of that, I actually got a good question that's similar to this one about what's the best way to interview people to see if they can be in a leadership position. You know, you like all guys have that kind of sort of sort of evaluate, especially if the guys close to your close to you. I mean, you know, it's basically the same way, it's the same, you know, you can't have so many that's completely weak. Or awareness that you're talking about because like how you're saying, it's part of that, even if you don't know how to fight, it's still kind of on your mind. And that other person, that's right, you know, I were winning because I got extreme ownership going on. Not that you want to shoot people specifically, but it's like this radar that's like, okay, who wants to get shot. But yeah, so definitely this is a huge piece helps you with, I think, I think kids that know how to fight are going to get in the lost less street fights. Yeah, that is how we're all these, all the junk parts that come with it were, cool, don't cool, junk, you know, like the four-ness, We just know, but we're gonna, we can find out, you know? So, if you look at everything, it's just this big life compared, like, I gotta beat that guy, I gotta be better than them. When he gets the mount, when anybody else that I've ever trained within my life has mounted with the exception, I guess, of Hicks and Gracie, I felt like, oh, it's not Dean, this is not, you know, this is not the whole of this area. You kind of like, you have this feeling like dang, I wish I was there right now, just to whatever. It's more for knowing how to function, knowing where to be, where not to be because man, if you don't know, you just simply don't know. I know you didn't mean like let's run the cash machine because we're doing it for the passion of doing it. You can be laying in your, in your bed with your wife, and she'll be like, hey, give me a hug, and you're like, 100, 100, 100, there, yes, exactly the whole time. Like the real, the real leader is like absolutely man. And a lot of, a lot of you know, you read a lot of stories when in self defense situations, if the girl puts up a decent fight, the guy is not going to have any of it. And if you know Gigi, I guarantee you, it's, it's really hard to subdue somebody that knows some Gigi to if you don't know anything.