Okay, so this is why I remember that because there are other shirt companies that do, you know, like the kind of shirt companies that make fun shirts, like that are knock up, like a, they almost borrow like the concept in the design from like Coca-Cola. This is why I think you know anyone who's going to try and ice bath don't freeze to death, but you know start at 45 degrees and move your limbs around and experience what a lot of adrenaline is really like and you know if you do it appropriately you won't die and you will come out of there. So I started doing my sit-ups and my push-ups, and then I started lifting cans of soup, like, cosy thing, and then I saw an ad from Mike Menser, in a magazine, and I paid, I was working at the time, so I started working at a cafe, you know, busing tables and things like that, and I got a program from Mike Menser, and got on the phone with him, and he said, listen, he got on the phone with Mike. So I took the SAT and by some stroke of luck, I, you know, broke a thousand, which, you know, for gun high school would be considered like the low end, because everyone there is like, you know, perfect as the only score that it was. But it's usually because the guy positions himself below the girl, like he worships her too quick or something like this and the girl's like, oh, he's not like a challenge, you know, dating sounds. And by the way, you're running like a tactical low level, real-time short-term Udalupe for what I'm going to get out of this right now, but at the same time you're running a bigger Udalupe, or you should be a strategic Udalupe that's looking at like, well, how is this going to affect me six months from now? You get this picture head like, wow, every human being should just be running at this optimum thing where, hey, I'm going to go get some testosterone award reward from my dopamine and then when I'm done with that, I'm going to go hug my kids and it seems like we should be in this perfect cycle of where everything is great because we either in pursuit or we're on gratitude and this is great. And that is the one 80 out of what a lot of guys get told right now war is going to make you crazy it's going to make you depressed it's going to make you an adrenaline junkly won't be any way to satisfy and guys hear that and you're going to have a hard time adjusting So you know, I always hold off on looking at my watch, you know, when I'm in there, I'm just going to wait, you know, because it's not going to be as long as you thought it was. So I was like, I'm just going to look at, I want to waste some time, so I'm just going to wall and sit in the ice bath for, you know, five minutes. I don't like you swear you you went to church before as a real good guy after that he was you know screaming at people and call profanities and things like that. So obvious, you know, as a leader that you just have these great instincts and I was kind of like, yeah, you know, it's pretty, I'm really, I'm really good instincts and they kind of inflated my ego and I felt great about myself. And you know, in my mind when I was like 13 years old, my saw that, I was like, okay, that dude looks like he can kick ass. But they like looked at him and he looked like a man, like a jacked guy and they're like, yes. And then you let that go or you, you know, maybe you worked for a little bit of time, you know, like, hey, writing a book, writing a bunch of books. So, you know, that some people are really neurotic about this, like I won't eat within two hours of bedtime fine, but if you get home from work two hours late because of traffic or you're going to not eat and then not sleep, I mean, just be a human. I like this notion of perspective because inability to see throughout the lens of other people is extremely important, obviously, but the ability to return to one's own internal state is obviously that the one of the hallmarks of great leadership, as you know, the idea of groups and how bad things spread between groups is that there's, this will explain a lot of what we see on social media and then the press, there was a set of controversial but nonetheless important experiments done in the 1960s by a guy named Robert Heath. And then, you know, as I started listening to hardcore music and all of a sudden, you know, you, you know, and we roll and black flag is like doing pushups. I was having a conversation with the bodymind that's at a big medical company and we were, I was saying, oh, you know, when my, when my, I was kind of, I was kind of professing guilt because when my kids were younger, you know, I did say, oh, you know, can we get some ice cream Don't you ever do some things like even as a scientist where you're, do running an experiment and you get done and it kind of felt like it was just kind of happening, like you weren't. If I've trained hard, if it's a glycogen depleting workout, you know, hit the weights, then I'll have a big bowl of oatmeal and some fruit, and I make sure I actually like throwing a little bit of butter and some fish oil in there, and, you know, some fats and a protein drink. But I think that's a hell of good is like, like, when you first said it, I was like, wait, what is the reason for that? Like the first time I ever heard like the crow mags, I was like, oh, I, this is what I want to listen to now. And that's how you bring it to the boys hey guys we got to ask for this mission it's going to be freaking horrible the weather is going to be bad we're going to be freezing if that's how you bring it to the boys that that's going to be the attitude all day long. So I was eating and training and just growing like a weed, and as most people know, when you're untrained, and you start training, even a slight, you know, training hard, you just grow. Because people think, we know what the other student feel like going anymore. You know documenting people this really happened to but once people got that idea was like oh that's what we're doing and you see this with a lot of. You know, I'm like, I'm like, I'm not, at that point, I'm, last thing I want to do is get into a fight. Well, I'm just thinking about it because a lot of times people ask me, oh, if I have a hard time, you know, like, I get fired up to do stuff Like I'll see, you know, look at other people and they'll be like drinking coffee. I've had guys ask me that and there's a really big difference is that that you know that thing's not going to shoot back at you, but if you go and hunt like a grizzly bear with a bow and arrow and you mess up that thing absolutely will kill you. Well, interestingly, another thing I will tell people, when they've got more of a, let's say a slow burning problem that they want to figure out a solution for, one of the things I recommend they do is they write down what the problem is, write down what some various solutions are, and what that does is it literally detaches you from the problem because now you're having to think through really what this problem is and how you're going to articulate it on a piece of paper for yourself. DIY means like usually it's done, not like as a favor, but like as a production, kind of a thing. We all know the guy who's got the new girlfriend and then disappears and then comes back six months later, he's like, yeah, you know. But you could have taken like one of those questions that you kind of like said and like do four hours just on that. They know that we're the only ones that can probably be able to get this done we're going to have this opportunity to go out there and get this get this mission done it's going to be hard but it's going to have a big impact. and we're going to have to try and assimilate you back into society because it's going to be so hard because of what you see where is Bob dole or whoever this veteran wants to like a war is going to make me better and I always. You know, sometimes forget the people that do that kind of low income work with kids like me back then, and kids now, probably you didn't graduate school or something. You know, like you can do, you can do a lot of things in half an hour that are going to benefit you as a human being. Yeah, anyway, like I said, and I, I really like Lex and I really like his podcast. And, you know, nowadays you hear, especially in cell comb, but dopamine fasting, you know, the people, I don't even want to look at somebody else's face. Uh, so that kind of brings us through your sort of educational system and what you've been learning and learning along the way and, um, I want to grab some of that knowledge, you know, of what you've learned about, you know, how to be better, how to be smarter, how to be stronger, how to be faster, how to be more healthy. Or let's say, let's be fair, because I, you know, know people, or from being in a lot of gun fights in a short period of time. And they kind of look like, like you said, that's kind of what I think I should be doing. I was like, okay, you know, if you, he's like, you want to expand on that. you know you don't really don't feel like going to work out right now Now if you live in Scandinavia and the depths of winter if you're up in like, you know, try a high mirror or all hooser something like, okay fine. When he was like, and he said, oh, I like the anine, I like it. And then you'd have an amazing bass player like Matt Freeman, who's like a big, you know, card guy. You know, feel like your heart's going a little bit. Looks like a kid at an elastic front show it's just swing is armed like that you know just rage although that's a controlled rage so we have switches in the hypothalamus then we have this real estate that we call the prefrontal cortex which is controls rational decision making. Imagine if you're sitting in a relaxing chair or whatever, you know, that's just going to slip by you and next thing, you know, you've been looking at your phone for 22 minutes or a half an hour. And I remember, like, my friends and me were like, okay, well, looks like we're working out. You know, the first time you hear a gnaz to front, you're like, okay, this is what I want to listen to now because you get that little, you get that hit. goal setting of if I don't do this every day, I'm looking at diabetes and early death, is going to be a much more powerful motivator than imagining you're going, oh, I'm going to be 10 pounds lighter and I can bench press 15% more by Christmas this time of year. I think we got a, he's like, listen, I don't know what you're talking about, this friend's own thing, never been there. And hopefully I can be, this is by the way, this is just like, because I was just, I don't know, I don't know what, what I messed up. Those two things need to be coupled in one's mind and the power of mindset is something that has been talked about all the time the secret or on the you know in social media but I have a colleague at Stanford seems like I only refer to experiments at Stanford And it would be like, you know, you know, his voice just comes from so deep inside his body. You know, I mean, it seems like direct communication is lacking in the, I don't know, I can't remember. So if you were going to, in my mind, if you were going to design a punk band or a band of any kind, you'd have a bullet-belted mohawk-eye upfront, that's Tim, with all this, but like he actually is missing a piece of that front tooth. Now this does not mean that you can just lie to yourself you can't say all of this you know you know four by four from in and out is only a hamburger and it's not going to have a big insulin that doesn't work but what you can do. Many people, when I say men, I mean, for real, like countless, not the kind of like three. And that's, there's going to be, you know, your limbic system is going to be giving you friction about how comfortable you are right now. I'm be honest you know for me I hope for many people there's a strong pull to stay under the covers and sleep longer tell yourself that you know you heard on a podcast it sleeps important. I mean, I don't know what happened with that, but I don't want to punish anybody because I also don't know who it was, but that group or person who made that decision that everyone gets a trophy clearly did not reap the literature about how the neuroscience of reward and the psychology of reward works. I was like, I was like, I don't know. For like 20 years, I have been teaching young seal leaders, and then, you know, other people in the world and the business world and the, in the first responder world in the military at large. So there's a lot of context of this that makes it tricky, but I would say that giving to get is a very dangerous thing, pure giving without the expectation of a reward and exchange for that is great because then both people get to experience that as a positive thing and, you know, giving to get it puts you in a very vulnerable place. So I think we have to be careful of that kind of thing and you you can also then go down the whole road of like a social contagion where you've got people reinforcing. You're not going to build a cyborg warrior that completely discards with the human element because everything that you've talked about in terms of leadership and self-control, all these four brain circuits, and I've been describing the four brain as one thing, like a break on the limbic system. And you know, and I don't know anything like, well, I had shaved head. We may not like limbic friction of the sort like overcoming fatigue to go exercise or stress and needing to calm down but human beings seem to love the feeling of being pissed off just a little bit. I know, you know, but because, um, you know, they're only, uh, some, how do I say this correctly? I know why I don't feel like working right out right now because I expanded a bunch of dope for me on something that's earliest morning. Like that was, you know, any adult just didn't know anything. Yeah, it's like, yeah, basically the girl doesn't have sexual attraction to the guy, even though the guy is like the perfect guy. Don't assume that you're going to, don't assume that there's chance you just assume hey, you know what, she probably doesn't really like me that much. It's like if I'm going to torture someone when they're in my ice bath, I'm like, you've been in for 30 seconds. We know based on neuroimaging studies and blood draws and things of that sort, and there's always some things like serotonin and oxytocin. I invite anyone to try and only writing complete sentences for five minutes when they journal as opposed to, you know, texting, we tend to use, you know, descriptive clauses and we tend to do fragments now and we're starting, now the brain thinks in kind of fragments and symbols and that's very efficient. So there were examples of people like that or my therapist, but that I thought, wow, I would love to be like that person. You guys like you see the what and it's like you want to get in the thing. I want to, I want to, I got to do his podcast again where we, where we have a little bit of a, because now I kind of know him. But if you ever find yourself doing it behavior, and you kind of don't know why you're doing it, like this doesn't feel any good anymore. I like the attitude of going in of, hey, this is about like I'm about to go get it on. Anybody that's listening to this that wants to go deep look, there's probably some people to think, I know he kind of went deep on some subjects. I do read comments but you want people to understand things but when people are just mean spirited, we'll find ourselves orienting towards those because being a little angry turns out to be a dopamine hit. We can say, you know, every time that shadow moves to the left just a little bit, you know, did that shadow move? I like, you know, in the military, right, I have to assume that before a gunfight, you can't just say, all right, guys, be brave and go in with a full heart. It's going to it's going to sway the way people think now I'll also tell you this. The going back to a little bit more serious, no, what you said about, you know, you shouldn't give to get, this is something I breathe leaders on all the time. Actually, frankly, unless it's something I really need to pay attention, I don't really care because typically there of a nature that's not really meaningful that doesn't come from a place of understanding or, you know, I don't like misunderstandings. Whereas if you have the low calorie shake you're hungry again earlier and grow in levels go back up really all based on belief and their numerous things like this and so all these words are the best words for this and I'm probably not going to get them exactly right. So at the time, I'm thinking like, Eight great, I was like, sure, I drew gin peroxide. But if you're training late in the day, and you're getting a big increase in body temperature, and you're doing it under bright lights, and you're drinking a pre-workout, and you're wondering why you can't sleep at night, you know, you don't have to be sigmin' Freud or a neuroscientist to understand that you're basically just have your body cranking your body temperature up. So if you're going to light your environment, which you should, obviously, you need to move about, put lights, you know, use lamps or table lamps or if you want to get really extreme stuff near the floor. Well now he's a funny story there because new stuff, but that Chris Rock thing where he's talking about like, you know when you're shanking somebody and your heart's just not in it. So the way I think about ice baths and cold showers and things like that, I think it was a series of walls. I was up at an event and at this event, some of my guys that worked for me in the SEAL teams were their late-fab and inter-Paul and these guys happened to tell a couple stories where like, oh, you know, Jocco did this. You know, in any other context, it would be corny, but in this context and because of a newly accram study of Navy SEALs, I can appropriately say, learn to think about effort like a seal would, which is this is growing me. It's like there's certain people that you know, risk-surf thick, neck is big and all that. I think this has important implications to for things like PTSD interpreting the experiences of past just telling oneself it wasn't that big of a deal won't work but telling oneself that there's no way to come back from that. Like, you know, normally we wake up in our body and we go, I think that's amazing. Like, but that way, if you need me to take out an eyeball and put a retina on and then get under a microscope, like, I'm your guy. Then you test people with a number of things like memory tests you test their immune system you do blood draws you look at how much stress hormone they're making guess what whatever you learned and believe that's what happens. and I took sure you want some type two diabetes, go with it, but this dude, no kidding would have like needles and hat like stick the kids so that they could get used to get it. You want to use things like non-sleep, depressed in the appropriate timing of light and exercise, etc. to be able to sleep well at night to reset all these systems. and it's going to be a real you know a real tough mission it's going to be a weather is horrible. I thought, I don't know, this guy's going to try and harm me in any kind of way. It was just, I think, you know, he, he started off with some question, like, are you afraid of death? And I know that if I get focused on one of those spinning plates, I'm going to drop some other ones and then everything's going to fall apart. When we're getting, you know, let's say that dopamine, it doesn't work actually work this way, but let's just say with arbitrary units can be released anywhere from zero to a hundred level. I'm not watching the crowd and you've got to pay attention to make sure that the crowd is going in the right direction when the crowd starts to get fired up about something like I want to say it might have been Bob dole you know Bob dole was a World War II guy who's wounded you know he never had. I really, I really do the point that I was making kind of throughout the podcast and that I kind of closed out with like look just being aware of these things makes you better off. And the Great Wall China, DC shoes, Nike skateboarding, and Mike just knows how to do the kind of photographs that I like, which are black and white and very, you know, looked, there's a common theme. Like three, four, five days went by before I was like, I really want it. I think is so important because, you know, if I said, hey, you're going to walk through my house And I started doing the, you know, once, train, rest two days, train, rest two days, and my body just responded like crazy to that. I I appreciate life more because I know that life can be lost very easily I appreciate freedom more because I know the price that was paid for it didn't make me worse actually made me better. And so then, if you get that variable reward in Instagram, you get it in YouTube and, and where it's like you get a little spike like, oh there it is. We got some awareness now of the dopamine and what that crash is going to feel like. And then, you know, another thing is happening, a lot of young guys are getting all this arousal from watching other people have sex. And it's like, you know, I mean, that work is transformative in many ways, but it's just well, how is it impacting the real world? and I think what the practice is that you've talked a lot about really relate to is recognizing that friction of being tired but knowing that you should get into action or that feeling of being too amped up and knowing you need to calm down means going against yourself in a way that is not incremental sometimes can feel huge. Being able to listen to angry, he talked even about things that evoke anger and then being able to take that anger and bring that to his ability to work very long hours in the clinic to help people that were on words of hospitals that no one would dare go down, let alone go in there and help these people. If you're just like, oh, yeah, freaking, I'm just going to do everything that I think this girl wants me to do. I've been sure for when your body temperature is elevated later in the day, you know, lubrication of the joints and you know, mental acuity. But really bringing, it was almost like, we had everyone, it was like a pre-puburral phase of skateboarding, which then eventually went through puberty and some incredible stuff happen. And they're like, and they're like, you don't want to tell you the truth. I'm a big, I think it was Tim Ferriss, our mutual friend Tim Ferriss that a long time ago said, you know, the quality of your life is largely reflective of the number of really difficult conversations that you're willing to have. Non-sleep-deep-rest includes things like, as a kind of corny name for some, it's called Yoganejra, which means Yoganejra, which means Yoganejra, sleep you lie down. and you know, I was kind of, you know, my ego is inflating and then during one of the breaks, a couple of guys that were there. Okay, so for most people it's going to be a little bit later, I think probably, but for you that means, so you're waking up if it's because of an alarm, it's because of an alarm. The number of people breaking up with the number of people we know are that that's not a thing and there are. If you come down and you say hey listen check this out there's a mission coming down it looks like the looks like a very tough situation. It kind of, like we're just talking like whatever. They get what I'm talking about, but just so much energy, like the albums would open with, ah, and once again, I thought, and I was maturing, right, it gone through, I was going through puberty, and I thought, this. I feel like, you know, if I'm doing Gigiitsu, have a good role. So now all those carnivores are going to be you know going to that's where I give costella my bulldog. And you know, I'm going to, I wasn't going to reveal this. But for most people who just need to get more movement and are trying to maximize focus on productivity throughout the day, early day training is going to be probably the better option. If, if she ends up actually feeling that way, then she's going to come and let you know that. You know, this guy's, I won't say who it is, but he seems like a really nice guy. And then there was me, you know, and I wrote my college entrance, I say saying that I'd like to run a station house some day and become a firefighter. Just, I'm not gonna try and sing it, but just here's like, you know, I got no idea. Now, I'm not saying it's the equivalent of a drug-like cocaine, but I am saying that it's a better decision than a drug-like cocaine for obvious reasons. And so I highly recommend that if people have trouble falling back asleep in the middle of the night, that they turn on a Yoganejra and listen to that, or they use an app like Revery, which I think they have a free trial on there.