And, you know, I had one of our admirals one time tell me, you know, we were having a talk, I had a book coming out and, you know, he said something along the lines of, you know, I was like, well, you know, this is not really the quiet professional for me to be doing this. Like I, I'm hearing the things that I'm, I'm like mad if, you know, you know, like the floors cold when I get up to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night, I'm like, oh, this is weird. You know, he comes out and, and I'm like, wow, was it, you know, he's like, like, shaking his head like this. Like, they didn't seem like a human, like, all this guy, I didn't, I didn't picture a person with, like, hopes and dreams and that can't believe they just did that and they, they joined the Navy and now they're quitting, like, oh gosh, what? That's a good place to be going because, you know, I rack head settled down a lot at this point, you know, kind of after the the debt defender group going into Saudar City, you know, Iraq had definitely settled down. And so he was at boot camp, like going through some basic like wickets to get reinstated in the Navy and he had a try to, and you know, I was like, When he said that about when he woke up, and did, you know, like no passage of time, like that, so I got a concussion, like a bad one. Climate is rocks, you want to jump in the water, whatever, like, like, I was like, you said, oh, maybe, you mentioned real quick, I said, well, you know, and you know you've got limited opportunities in the rest of your career, it's going to be, I mean, I wouldn't want to type a person that's like, I'm always happy I wasn't going to war. So when I was out there just training, I was just doing the work, doing the work, doing the work and now all of a sudden it's like, oh, I have these opportunities to like monetize or what, you know, just I can actually create opportunities to give talks in this kind of thing and that came my way. We dialed in our training specifically over the, you know, postwork up phase where you can kind of, you know, we're going to deploy and we're doing a lot of operations in training that we're going to mimic, we're mimicking what we felt. But as I said, you're either in a platoon or your adult platoon, and I'm going to be out of a platoon, people say, yeah, but, you know, as an officer, you progress through, you're going to be, even if this didn't happen, you'd be, you know, you'd be administrative, you do be doing some staff tours, and I remember being in Canada, I remember going for a run, I remember going for a lift, I remember eating, I remember sitting in the briefing, I remember going to the plywood hut, I remember sleeping one night. You know, I think what I saw in Buds with my class was no matter how gifted a person was, there was probably going to be something at some point that was going to challenge them and one of the one of my classmates, this individual from the Naval Academy who I had known for four years at this point, was just a stud in Buds and there was one day at the very end for whatever reason the obstacle course rope with the low wall, the one he had, the high low. So man, I think to the contrary of what you're kind of saying about like, oh, trying to monetize this and the professional is like, hey, man, this is things are going to help people. It was a really steep learning curve, but it was also like a learning curve that was steep, but also had like really nice steps on it where you, you know, this training operation, you'd learn this thing and then they'd figure this other thing out and then they'd do this other thing. And I'm just, like, this, that's just not, you know, so, okay, you know, I'm going to do this job the way in which you'd been doing it, even if you can stay in the community. I, I didn't have to go through all that stuff in the Navy, I got to me like, yeah, maybe you're smarter and I was like, no, in my mind, I was like, no, I was dumb. But I always give that advice, you know, if you, there's no sense in acting like you know what you're doing, because everybody, not only do they see through it, but they don't expect you to know everything. and I think they eventually got to a point where like, hey, if a guy had just gone to Iraq or Afghanistan and maybe he'd gone twice in a row and now they put him in a puttune where he's not going to go and it was a little, it did get more fair as time went on. And so I wasn't even, I can't even name, I can only name one guy that quit and he was my boat crew leader and he was my boat crew leader in hell week, but that's the only, everyone else was just like, gone, I just never even thought about him, never even, and I never had thoughts, like, oh, I, you know, this guy's my friend. And then the other thing that figured out was like, anytime you'd hear someone panicking on the radio, screaming, you're like, I want to know what any people over here and whatever. But you know, when you think when I hear this, when I any time I hear an external account, such as what you're talking about Jason saying happened, it's just, It's just a reminder to me how lucky I mean to be alive and I'll take life like this missing two legs any day over dying up on that hill any day. You know, I remember thinking when I was in hell week, I was like, oh, it's going to feel so good to go to sleep. You know, of how hard seal training is because to me, I was like, there was just two groups of people, me and my buddies and everyone else, and we didn't know them and they just went away It's, it's pretty simple, but sometimes you know, in the chaos, you just, you just get overwhelmed and then, and then just to prioritize and execute, that's a really important rule that, you know, there could be, I can see situations in training environments or in combat where you're getting overwhelmed by either too much going on or you're actually overwhelmed because there's, there's actually no seemingly viable course of action. But like the amount, like waking up after being in a coma for 10 days and then having just the insane medical issues, just insane medical issues, no legs, freaking abdomen blown apart, close to me bag, the thing going down your throat, not even allowed to drink one sip of water. But you're putting yourself in a situation where external factors, you know, peer relationships, this kind of thing can actually, although it could be conceived and construed as adding pressure, I think it actually made, you know, at these kind of, you're at your breaking point moments. I feel like I, I feel like when I was in the medically induced coma that maybe people's conversations around we were sinking in but I didn't know for a fact and and to be then told in a state. and we were talking about and he just said like he was laughing, he's like you just looked at him and like all right, These like, pre- or post- deployment leave, excursions, but my point, I just like being outside, and I like being active. It grabs you by like, by like a gentle kind of like handhold I was like, I was saying this the other day, like they didn't seem like human to me. And then they're starting like words that they like make it a point to like, bleep out so their channel doesn't get cancelled. And I mean, when you're talking, and we probably could do a nine hour podcast if we went back and got medical records, when you're talking about all the things that you were going through from the time you woke up in the hospital, like I'm a baby. First time I fast-rope, like hey, this seems like it's going to be fun. You know, it's good road in like what do you call like a script, the real elegant script. I mean, you know, I'm, in addition to realizing all the medical complications that I have, you're thinking, what is my life going to look like? It's not people think wrestling and boxing, they think it's like a primal thing that you're just going to be able to do. This isn't like a guy that, like sometimes you get a lateral transfer that has like what they did. But the knockout, like, where my body was limp only lasted for like, it was like a flash knockout. Because you know, there's like two guys that were like faster than you. Like, or like, I'll get like a springed ankle and I'll have to wear an ankle brace. But I remember getting on that day pass, you know, I'm actually long headed bin from like, from you showed up there until now, you're getting your first day pass. Again, you know, from you, I get a cut in my mouth and I'm like, like, can't he catch up for a week? And I got very, very lucky to kind of stumble on these things in my career so that by the time I was, you know, you know, I was an opportune commander and a task into commander. So I always say we always kind of talk about how like people now or it's been said that people now they're complaining about like dumb stuff. So it was almost like this weird, like now when I hear some of the statistics and you know more about it And that's why you know, some of the initial reports that we got back on the strand was, you know, is he going to make it? So I kind of stumbled into these things and other things throughout my career that now when I either learn about the physiological, the physiological things that happen in our body that also people use things like meditation to drive these same physiological things, I kind of got lucky and stumbled upon them. We're going to, how long was it before you, from the time you got on the ground, do they hand you, like, hey, come, let's give you a brief, a general brief of what's happening. Well, you're building up sort of the mental protocol to be in a fearful situation and just like proceed anyways, which I think is really good for the first time you're going into combat. I was like, the team, like the guys, hey, how do you think we should do this? Like, you know, you know, you're doing your Jitsu and you, and you cut your mouth. The kind where you have Mnesia for a long time, like so basically it's like a super, super duper, duper, duper, mild version of that experience. Because like, you know, you know, what do you call the aristocrats? Two months, which in the grant, you know, at the time it seemed like a long time in the grand scheme of things. So timing that, and I was 37 years old, I felt like it's the blend of time in the sport, seven plus years plus not being over 40 like I am now, which helps with recovery, everything that it was just everything was lining up. You know, it's kind of expecting us a new guy to get told shut up, but it was like the initial idea in my head of taking a step back and attaching and being in a position mentally where you're looking around and you're not in the problem, but you're outside the problem. And you know, so six years may seem like a long time, but it's actually not a lot of different assignments. And then he's like, I'm going to run, I'm going to run faster than Dan. You know, we practice putting these on and training, but you don't ever really crank it down like you do when you need to, to say, actually save someone's life and to actually cut off blood flow, a staunch blood flow. It's so scary because you don't, it's like, you don't know what's going on at all. And like I said, it's, it's awesome for for me to think that no matter what, no matter what's going on in your world, you're out there getting after it. I think those are two different situations, but in the, the other, the one where, there's just so much going on, okay, you know, prioritize and execute and pick the most important thing or either delegated or act upon it yourself with the other situation. I mean, this is a good thing for anybody in your organization, when you're new, is ask the people who know what's going on. That really, and then the other thing is I just don't know, I mean, in the teens, we're getting told, you know, you'd be quite professional, just put it in the hard work. I mean just it was I'm in this just like we're talking right now there's no ability to look from an outside perspective and say okay this isn't real you're going to get through this. You want to be, buddies, you know, going out in this kind of thing with the guys. It's like a new challenge that you can start from the year, almost like in a way, your original starting spot because it's new to this sport. But I don't want to make it sound like it was easy for me because like I said, in fact, I failed to run. This is a very important deployment for me, given, and I remember thinking, you know, if I was only going to get one, if you can only have one really good deployment, well, this is the one I would choose. And for someone like you that's been through the hardest of situation and still be able to get up and every day keep getting after it, man, that's like that's you. And as I, you know, think about this and unpack this experience, what I have learned is that a way to get your mind away from these long-term thoughts that can only be discouraging is to just focus on mechanics and procedure and process, support the law with my arms, advance it with my team one step at a time. And I'm not going to know until January, I'm going to be directly involved in the nations response to this. And, you know, she felt like things were in a good place, but she had been let go. And like, I saw him years later, like probably two or three years later. You know, if we had a platoon commander or a platoon chief that was really running everything, they'd be the first person we put down in a training scenario just to let's see what's going to happen now. You know, you're like, well, this guy, these guys want to go get in the fight. That's a huge deal where you don't look at it as like, oh my gosh, I'm starting from like, I was at 10 and now I have to go all the way back to one. And now you know you got wounded guys and you're thinking of who, who do I know? And like I said in the beginning, when you hear a team guy say, I don't know. I was just like, oh, that this person just, a nonhuman thing that just like is moving on and they're not part of what we're doing. Either way, you go either way, but it's nice to know everybody's like the top guys have missed. Just felt like seven, eight, nine years of, like coming down to this two-year assignment. Like, I mean, the, in Lister Guys, like, I didn't care. And also, you know, team guys that are going to go through tough situations and and just other veterans, just the human beings, man, life is hard. But of course, training just focus on what you can do, execute the training plan, working through getting, you know, positive communication with the coaches, working adjusting the training plan, COVID happened that didn't interrupt my personal training so much, but interrupted the competitive scene somewhat. And when he was considering, you know, before he went into rehab, he said, okay, this is like my new sport. I didn't know how demanding the academic program was going to be, but I found that with discipline and time management, go to bed early, wake up at my training zone, be How, you know, this job felt like my calling is, the only thing I ever wanted to do, really in my career. Well, yeah, if his dad served in World War II, he might have had that impression that hey, you don't want to be the Marine, you know, being the, you know, storming beaches over in the Pacific. Then do you start like making a turning point and they wrap up some of the surgeries and is it like a slow crawl out of the pit? and you know that guys that are, went to the Naval Academy and guys that were, you know, uh, uh, freaky and division one, squimmers and division one, wrestlers and division one football players and they all quit. Like I said, from my perspective, it was just like, I never even was thinking that far. And you know, it's all just man, like you said, it's your fate is in the hands of all these different things. And look, the first time you jump out of an airplane, even if like for me, I thought it was going to be fun. They did what they planned to do, you know, and it's a testament to our training and the determination of our guys and how much they care about each other and what they'll do to try and, you know, save their, save their friends. I was almost, like, my anticipation, I was going to feel so cool to stay awake for so long because I'm not now good. So I crossed the line and know how I finished and I just go out and I like eating or recovery bar and someone is taking a few minutes later, taking off the timing ship and they said, I'm American one.