I know a lot of times you'll, you know, you're talking about the military, aspect of things, and I mean, I still post pictures of my friend, that I've lost, and I can tell by what you write that, he still is pushing you, even though he's not here, and you know, you can go a little bit further, and you can be a little bit more Roy tough, as, as you put some of those things, and that's the same thing I think about, you know, the same thing, the same thing, hey, you know, the same thing, hey, I mean, I got guys that died, when they were way too young, way too young, yeah, and they don't have the opportunity to carry on, and the opportunity that, to do the things that I get to do right now, and even if that thing is just getting up in the morning, and going for a workout, like, that's a gift, you know, hmm. And we had, you know, it's like a bond, you go through hard things with people, and I know it's, and I can imagine it's like this with the military where you have, you just like a brotherhood, you know, because of what you've went through. And I remember sometimes where my wife would be looking at me with just like a combination of anger and lack of understanding, like, like, like, what, like, what are you serious right now? And, you know, that's, that's a reason why, I mean, I picked that picture on the cover of the book, that's from our last hunt, and it was a moose hunt, two weeks before we died, and, you know, you know, I mean, it's just, you got to get by, you got to, you know, if you want to, they say it might be cliche, but you know, people die twice when they, when they're life ends, and then the last time somebody mentions their name. Actually, even that opening that you opened with, it made me physically feel probably a good element of how hard it is because I remember back, you know, like when I'm thinking, okay, the first time I ever shot a bow, I'm like, okay, this is like, dude, I got to pay attention to all this stuff. and I feel like the biggest whim when I get injured because I'm always like, I can't, you know, I've jumped my finger and my grips and I feel like just like, One of my buddies in the Siltians played football at University of Texas and obviously it's like a religion down there and I was like, what was it like, you know, being on the football team down there and he goes, like a jallie green giant walking the earth. And that's the first time I ever felt like, you know, because I hadn't felt like shit my whole life, you know, as far as, I don't know what, where I stood I mean, people always say, and maybe it's true for them, but they say, well, you know, I don't know that there's this thing, like if your father's an alcoholic, then you have a greater chance being an alcoholic and like this keeps this whole thing going, right? You know, you know, you know, you know, he could never bought a beer, you know, feels like the seas parted when he showed up. It's like, it becomes, it never happened, but it's like now it's like, I remember Roy told me this one time, he's like, we went on this moose hunt. So like I say in the book, you know, I got ahead into my stepdad for even taking us over there because I guarantee his brothers, which were just they're all bad asses pretty intimidating like ranch guys, you know, big, they had a big ranch outside of Echo Oregon. You know, and like I said, I mean, obviously, I'm like a complete amateur in this game, but even when I put myself into your shoes as much of a perfectionist as you are, and as much as I know you want to get the good shot and then hear you are. And he's like, you know, he's kind of like, he's kind of like, he goes, he appreciates this important. What I considered a very, you know, pretty high above average, maybe excellent results and I didn't know anybody killing a bull buck and bear with their bow that was like there's like a we'd lump those all together in one word bull buck bear. I still felt like a kid, but I'm like, kind of supposed to have all these, you know, these pay all these bills and have cars and have this house and do all this, but I didn't feel like. And it's, when I see those factories in the working and the, and the workers and the people and the pride in it and the, and I, like, people like Dax, it's like, I don't know, it gives you butterflies almost. But now people see like, where you are now, you're going to be on your right of book, or you're teaching leadership, and there's like people see everything, like you get a lot of attention, because now you're somebody. No, that was just, you know, I was like, right, for hunting, you don't really need to know that, but I was in the woods a lot, you know, whether I was hunting or going with somebody. Well, because, and you basically told me like a couple stories and you were like, hey man, you know, like, this happens. It's like beating someone at open mat, or you're like someone passes your guard, open mat, they're like, hey, you know, I crush chocolate past this car. Or you know, you get a travel day where it's like, hey, I'm going to be traveling at whatever time and then the plane lays over in your near port for four hours in your layover and like, okay, life is going to give you rest days. And I'd be like, well, no, I'm not going to be happy if I'm back here, and I'll be a better dad when I get home, and I'll be, you know, I'm showing my kids, and when I got a little older, I'd be like, well, I'm showing my, I'm an example for my kids and showing them what hard work can lead to. You know, like this is, you carry, it's like when the Gracie family is like, you did do. I don't know what heaven is like, but feels like it should be like this. You know, I mean, none of us like to get injured, when you get injured, you know, you feel like it's horrible. Yeah, and like, I'm, I remember he took me to, to buy clothes like jeans and a cowboy hat and things like this and that came out of 100, 7 years. And expandables also can hit, if you hit like a, maybe like a twig, which is already like you, you already got problems if you hit a twig. Yeah, instant, we used to say in the SEAL teams, like when a guy would meet up with some girl or start like seriously dating a girl, and maybe even get married to a girl that had a couple of like instant family. I felt like, but it was more like I just felt like I would need it to do that, or I wanted to do that, maybe to be selfish. And it's like a bear, a big brown bear, I'd like to sprint into the grass at you, it's just like, you're knocking up at her, There's like a big open shower and there'd be guys and girls in the shower to say, it's like, I'm like this. And, you know, the first time I went on there, I'm like, so do you have a, we got questions or he's like, no. Because on a hunt like that, and any hunt, even at, you know, like where you've been and you taught, if you draw blood, no matter where you hit the animal, that's your animal. And it's like, you know, like we're here in San Diego, San Diego, Water and Power, whatever it's called, it's always a good, good job. Like, and that, you know, my dad, when I played basketball, if I didn't come home with like, skinned knees from diving on the floor, Yeah. It's very sucky when I looked at it because I was like, oh, you know, it kind of looks like, because they have a profile shot. And it's like, it makes all the other, like I say in there, the physical pain, just seem like nothing to me. I would hate to be like, I don't know how they just don't be like, what are you what in the hell is going on? And it's like, you know, mean Roy, we'd call each other on the phone and it'd be like, how the hunt go, did you kill? I felt for a long time I made with the raise of my own kids is I learned right there that life is competition and competition is what made me like, hey, I got, I have to go one on one with, we just do these drills like football, one on one. How it gets course in three or veins, it's kind of a new experience and so intense with that bow coming in and the reprod spreading like I said, I could see the tree shaking as it came down, I'm just like, holy shit, what is going on? This place, like years, like 20 years ago there'd be a VHS tape out and say, you know, giant bulls of Santa Carlos. So sometimes they're gonna be like, oh, I see, you know, dad's doing this, so they might want to try to imitate a little bit, just to see what the what the hype is all about, you know? So it's like, you know, how life is you're like, one all one way or all the other. The challenge for me at that time was, I was trying not to be, I was selfish because it's, I mean, I found something that, like, for me was good, but now I had family home, so I'd be back there all the time and I'd be like, should I be back away from my family? You know, that time I was like, this is this, it would be like winning a gold medal. I matter of fact, I told, I, I, I would tell like other seals, you know, if they would say, get worried about, hey, you know, I'm going on to pull him in again. I, I don't know, it just felt like still like a lot for me. It's like, normally, after I would do something like this, I would call Roy, and we, you know, this is, this is all part of our thing, or we did it. And he's like, so it was like, you know, he had this, this thing about him. So, yeah, I think it is, you know, you have some, some, like, primordial urges as a human, you know, to fight or to hunt. You know, the altars are kind of like the kind of a weird offshoot of that, you know. And it's like how that would be summed up would be like, you know, camp wounded. And he's like, and I was just like, I know Jocco. So he's like, I was like, oh, we're just going to, just going to bullshit. I kind of thought like, hey, you just go out there and when you're used to shooting with a rifle, like, hey, you shoot it something, first of all you can shoot a lot further away. You know, it's like if LeBron James goes to open gym and somebody, you know, somehow travels and gets some hook shot to go in. But it reminds me of, you know, and everybody, everybody loves a movie 300, but you remember what he was like, we know what's your professional, it's your professional, it's such a great part. I was shuddering and you know, so, you know, a lot of times you get that feeling when you watch a sport, you like hockey do that. And so they said that me making those two shots to kill it, made out for, so that, if I'd already let everybody down on it and like, like, it, well, that got me back to zero. And how did he go over there and, you know, it was just a, you know, when somebody dies at the house like he did, you have to have the funeral home or whoever come over. Hey, you know, I feel like, you know, I'm leaving my son too much. So you know how like, let's say a guy that I know has a crossbow. Yeah, I mean, there's still hunts now, even after all these years where I'm like, I wonder, I'm like, how have I ever killed anything with an arrow? You also end up going to your grandma's house, which seems like, I'm like, oh, that's that's quaint, but it's a 20 mile bike ride. Yeah, I mean, you know how if you're on the football team, you can go to any party, you know, always girls always, always, you know, we had this dorm that was asked but haul was just football player. No, and it took, you know, I and your wife's like, dude, I know. You kind of sounded like Pete right there when you said it like that. When you're like, oh, you got this, me followers in your sponsor to hear this, and that's like, yeah, that's what about all the grind. But you know, if you're doing jigset, so when you're like, hey, I already know how to do an arm lock. And it's like, when that life is leaving, like it's so an animal or I say anything, I've heard even people say, oh, care, but it's easy. And then if you're like a celebrity type and then killing a bear, it's like, I thought people think they're endangered. Yeah, you've got to be able to shoot the arrows, but there's so much more to it that I didn't want to make it sound like, oh, hey, if I shoot a bunch of arrows, and I can hit that target at it, freaking 60 yards, I'm going to be good to go. I feel like if I needed to like place a bet with my own life, then you hitting a target at 30 yards, I'd feel so comfortable when you take a shot. I'd even try and rationalize that to my wife sometimes, but my wife, not an idiot, and she'd be like, hey, listen, you got freaking a rifle, a pistol, and two knives, and you think you're gonna have to choke a person I don't even know about. Yeah, it's just like that's like the normal chain of command as you got to get your college degree. I was seeing him coming the next day and I'm like, look, I think I see Roy on there and they're like toeing this little raft. Like everyone kind of looked at him like he was kind of crazy. Right, I mean, and I, so it kind of is frustrating in a little bit, and at that time, I wasn't like, oh, I'm going to prove all these people wrong. You know, they're always just like, well, you know. I would be like, like, not, not have a good attitude about stuff, right? They're going to be like, they're going to be able to teach you something about that arm lock that you did not know. So it's like, just summed up, like no matter how, how people talk or make you feel better or whatever. I guess I realized that even at the time, but I always kind of kind of rationalize this thing where I'd kind of related to my regular job, I'd say, well, hey, you know, I need to be able to do this in case I'd end up on a situation where I gotta use this stuff in combat and I'd be kind of my rationalization. When I, when I watched that, like, yeah, I don't like to get injured, right? So you're out there and this is like typical ranch stuff where you're learning the like extra hard work is getting after it. And he had this little like 10 or 12 foot raft that he had to put a piece of plywood on, put the motor on and kind of lay down and kind of hold the front of it because to get on step that it was coming up, you know. And so my kids in my very specific situation, like they'll start jumping in on the workouts or whatever, sort of making little goals and stuff like that. Seems like that could be like the root of you saying, hey, I can get them freaking better shape for this shit. And then you got to learn about all these different animals because they all act different by the way, like a bear does this, you know, elk does that and a deer does something else. So he's probably like, well, for he probably think it was better than Bohani, because he'd never hunted, he's just an athlete his whole life, so he would say, you know, when I kill an animal, I'd lose brain cells. I think I was making like $22,000 a year or something like that when she met me. But you know, you make these relationships in these decisions, and you keep working and working and working, and after 30-some years, like this journey has been, who knows what's going to happen. I just like feel like that's moving that needle on the right direction. It's like, it's like, I saw one the other day, Orgen put up and I think it was, is it dacks? It would come in, and it'd just be rocking back and forth, just like, kind of like possessed. And then what you're saying, like, let's another underlying theme in your book is like, Sure, you can theoretically do that. I didn't, did you feel like, you know, I mean, this is the kind of thing. And just like scanning all around, and you're just like, oh my God, this thing isn't saying. If somebody's driving, like if I had to repeat how I got to right here to the studio today, I took an Uber, so I don't know. I feel like hunting can be like that too. And I only say it like that because it's kind of like legendary, even though it never even been there. Don't you think that that's a key ingredient to like businesses like this is ego? But, since you might have run with you, and I'm like, no, it's like, yeah, 250. But like I've never been like, why want to meet Tiger Woods? That sounds like it's actually sounds like it's better than mine. He's like going through, he's always, you know, loves the videos of trying this stuff on and bending over and talking about the cuts. It's just like they're will to live, just like any things, anything that's alive, there's a will to live. And then you have what like the different like broadhead arrow? And I remember, it was behind him, he had this gold single and on, like, he always wore, because like, I called it the tour. But, you know, so with my kids and you can kind of mention this before, right, where with kids like they're watching you. It felt like you better like helped me. And I'm like, what if this kid, like, I couldn't imagine if I lived in the city, I couldn't imagine if I lived here, what would I do? But then with the kid, but then still, I was like, well, I should, I probably shouldn't be a dipshit like this, but I still was. But it's just like, I felt like that's what I needed to do. And I said, you know, you don't need to run a marathon to kill an elk, but I know this guy and that guy and they kill animals all the time, and they're overweight.