You know, I look back and was like, I'm like, apparently he just never wears a wet suit when surfing and stuff, which is, you know, this dude is, you know, with all like cold, cold immersion, you know, I have an ice bath, you know, taking a, he's just going surfing at two hours with no wet suit, which by the way, is cold in Southern California. You know, like when I got in the teams, you were going to get an up-toon, you're going to do a work-up, you were going to go on deployment, you're going to get done with that deployment, and the first couple to point, well, actually the first, uh, second, third, and fifth deployment, I think, it will all shit board for me. It seems strange, uh, that they're really, overall these years, they've never been able to figure out who's going to make it and who's not going to make it and it doesn't matter if you were, of division one wrestler or division one water polar player, you might quit and you, and you might make it, you could be a, you know, person that, like, doesn't know how to swim like you're by there. I knew I knew I had team at roots, but no one, you know, I was like, well, maybe someone is going to be like, hey, you guys are all like, are you guys not sure what he was known and ever said that to me? And I ended up going to two-lane university in New Orleans, and there was a, you know, there was a set of, you know, when you're religious, you know, there's saying, you know, he got has a plan for you. And I, I think I just, uh, the way I operated it was probably just, uh, on my gut, you know, and I'd see guys come into training and, and you could tell, uh, is this, this guy's going to make it or not. So, uh, and I remember one line in it, and it, um, I didn't, it said that I, something like this, a, uh, a frogman on the beach in his swim trunks with his, uh, K bar in his hand, uh, is one of the deadliest weapons in the military, something like that. I'm, I, I feel like I sound like I'm being condescending when I call the guys kind of, whatever behind me, not right behind me, but you know, like 10 years, 15 years behind me and the teams, that's sort of the next generation. The ones that are determined and that are really, it's like probably like being a coach, you know, it's like, I, I know my son played a water poll. And yeah, he, you know, like, swapping, you know, and he would, he liked a drink a lot too, and boy, after, you know, it were some cocktail party or something. And so Bill Robinson shows up, and, uh, he took one look at me for some reason, and, uh, he said, I don't know how, I don't know if you're going to do very well in the teams. Were you guys deploying like that or, we, when you got put in your platoon, did you say, okay, on this date, you're going to go on deployment, you're going to go to the South Pacific, or you're going to go to Southeast Asia on a ship or anything like that? You know, and, you know, a lot of, and, you know, I could have run into some guys who knew, oh, man, you're going to. And then once you hit like 50 ish, you kind of are like, okay, you're kind of like, like, retires and the destiny is already known. And, uh, I think I, you could, I probably would, I remember thinking that about, I can't think of any specific case, but I would remember kind of making a judgment based on what I saw, uh, of their performance, you know, in the training. I, I, I really, from what I know about coffee, I expect to know a lot more from now on, you know, but, uh, I, the, the, the components sound good. But this new CO was a guy who was a naval academy grad, and, uh, he was coming to the teams, you know, and he said, kind of, a naval academy guy going to run Macails Navy, are you kidding me? So I told her to get dressed up and whatever, like, you know, I put on like a shirt, you know, because back in the day, it was hard to get her shirt on. And yeah, your baseball team might have 13 guys on it, you know, and that's the way it was growing up and, you know, like a new Jersey in the town outside of New York City. And, uh, they, uh, you know, like I said, when I first pulled in there and those cars with the boards hanging out and everything were kind of just such a, so compelling. You're a hard time convincing me that you're a good person when you're like, oh, yeah, well, I know much of kids, but I didn't get any of this life-changing book that's going to help them in every way. And so, um, it, uh, so that we got, and, you know, because, like I said, the guys are artistic as hell, he designed the coffee bag for it and everything. And we're, uh, we don't, we're not going to buy, like, you know, he's a soul, uh, distributor. So it's like different, you know, so it can as it contrast to whatever, when he was like Outrigger, you know, the Outrigger, but now Outrigger is everywhere. And, uh, I think, and as you, and the passage that you read that, there is a spirit of, uh, you know what, I'm, I'm in the military, I'm part of a group, but I'm, my own man, I'm, I'm, I'm still who I am, and I'm independent, and you're, you're loyal to your soul, your loyal to, uh, what you really want to do. And so, waiting how Charlie and I, you know, when I go to Rhodes Grands, I'll take a picture and send it to him and, and that's one thing good about these damn iPhones, you know, you can communicate boom when you want to, you know. That that assessment in 1955, I feel like I know half those guys that if talking about, like these are the guys I grew up with in the teams. And, uh, and for some reason, uh, I think, I think he was right about, you know, I mean, I didn't give everybody real-enless that that was, that was a mistake, it was horrible mistake. Did you guys like know that it was kind of like has the team get? And, and then Doug, and I, we were talking, and, um, we, uh, actually, um, I got involved with, with Doug, um, my son, who, and then this guy Sam, uh, Blair down in Louisiana, uh, who was in the teams and then moved to Louisiana. And, and that, and it up, not being anything really, but they, everybody loaded up on, uh, uh, APD, I think it's, uh, what we traveled in, and then, uh, they just did PT and they got down to the canal and then turned around and came back because the crisis was over. And then, um, we got done with one of those, uh, during those two weeks, we got a lot of briefing from guys that were in Vietnam and they would, uh, tell us what was going on. And so there was, uh, in your, so, uh, they, um, but, you know, again, you know, we don't have the phone. But unless someone was either really good or really bad, I probably wouldn't remember me and, you know, he was, you know, one of the guys, I remember this guy. I think I'm going to, or seal team guys, they're going to know a lot about the team. I don't know, I don't know, I'd want to digress anything, but I really didn't know what to do about the military up until about the 10th of September. So if you feel in edgy, if you want to support kind of just like give the support and you also want to take risks, because you're a risk taker, you're kind of person that says, you know what, I'm in the game. And so the guy that was running the PT stuff that we had to do in order to qualify, he had us all up and then, and the first thing was a swim, I got to the buoy and back, and then we had to run up the beach to the other end of the beach, you know, 150 yards or something like that. You know, they just kind of, which is pretty obvious, we're in this freaking sales team's going corn, we're like literally 500 meters from base. And I remember, we were out, uh, in, in a, in a break during those briefings, I know, was, we were out, kind of, smoke a cigarette and just kind of hanging out and taking a break and, and Tom Dorisi, who had just got back from Vietnam. And, uh, Danny said, no, it's, uh, I'm going to see this through, you know, so he did. And you know, we know, I know he knows that his brother didn't get those opportunities. And he's one of those guys, you know, you look at all these pictures of them that you just, you just know that this guy was just such an awesome guy to have in your cartoon. We went there for spring break, and I looked like they said, I said, there's a college right here, you know, and I sure enough there was a two-lane university. Like a young person is like a 20, 20 year old kid in supposed to be going to the chart out because you don't have enough money for it unless you have a day. I mean, even up until like the 80s officers that were going to be seals, or kind of like you were, you're, you're capping your career. And, but man, like some of the, like the stories you hear about about Chuck is just like he was just freaking epic guy. So like today a BD equivalent of like probably 40 bucks, you know, 50 bucks per main course. You're kind of smile a little bit when you put on an origin G. You kind of feel like, yeah, well, that felt, yeah. And then you know how, I don't know, it's like this weird map. And I remember when graduation weekend came along, and he was going down all the neighborhood and Derffield, which is, you know, just kind of a country town kind of a place. There's always going to be your odd guy, like, you know, or person, whatever. You know, it feels like I've been done for like 20 years already. It's a comma, I didn't experience it in Hawaii, but all those places is weird because I kind of think where he all the places he was talking about, like I know those places Well, uh, uh, uh, not that organized, we would get assigned, and we knew that our platoon was going to go at such a such a time. yeah, it was, I, I know in my own head, you know, I thought about a lot, I, I swear there was, there was never a thought of not making it through Hellweek. A, who knows, you know, I, uh, I didn't, I never really got that far, so I didn't have to really hurt my head over, uh, but I, it's a decision I made. It was like a recruiting poster, a recruiting, yeah, some kind of poster that I think they had for project Delta and Vietnam, and it was Charlie Beckworth said something along the lines of, I promise you, medals, or a body bag, or both volunteer here, but I've also seen a similar thing for UDTs in World War II. I did not know that it was going to go, I, to me, this is, this is, this is why I know, this is why I don't trust myself. There's people in there with like shirts, like real like whatever. Uh, he, he was in my class, and I remember this other guy in my class who was a swimmer Dartmouth, and he was, you know, he knew all about good swimmers And, uh, I mean, it was, uh, the God thing again, you know, maybe it is a blessing of sort. He says, boy, if you want to come back, I'd love to have you, you know, because we got it along well and actually, build Robinson, the guy that sent me to the training and we ended up becoming real close friends. The only people that are going to like it is me and like one other person I guess. Like, like you said, we don't have, uh, cell phones in our pocket. You just, you think maybe he looks old for, you know, that's kind of looks pretty old for a 51 year old. She was kind of like a little bit sad, you know?