And not by any abuser, anything like that, but it's just, I think it's like a classic case of, you know, what you hear like the husband's always trying to like, happy wife happy life, kind of a thing, and maybe went too far with it, and maybe now he finds himself in a position where he's like, he's just responding and doing everything that the wife says, and the wife doesn't seem happy, kind of a scenario. So, and even though you don't talk about that part, we just, we just mentioned like, usually it's kind of like, the silent leader is more of like, sort of, of maybe influencer type, not influencer like, I don't know. Like, we all know somebody at least one person, probably, you know, 20 people who are like that, where it's like, And they're pretty like some of them are like, okay, that's funny, but some of them are like, oh yeah, huh, and you know, you kind of, but these a lot of times the beginning of the underground podcast is jacos deep thoughts. And they're like, yeah, like, they know like, oh, no, keep it. You know, like we in regards to like, we using the other person's plan or like pursuing that as a way. I feel like, with this attitude that, like, if you understand, 100% 100% not just like, hmm, my situation, sure, I guess I could kind of, if you understand 100% that you are, essentially, you have the responsibility to be the leader, and I'm not saying, be the boss. So you get like, you know, and I get it, man, you want to, you know, buy something kind of cheaper and bring it, you know, and sell it for more. The funny thing about my wife is she'll be like, she'll, she'll stray from the, from the lesson learned, which the lesson learned to me is the lesson learned to me is, I'm going to a restaurant that I already know that I already know. But I think that even the word leader, and I said this for where the word leader feels like it, the, like, the boss that, because there are people like that. So, if your business partner is going in one direction, like two different place, and you're going in another direction, and it's a different place, you're going to have a really, you won't be able to make decisions that are unified. And some of these are a little bit like training wheels, a little bit like like learning aids that once you get good at it, you won't need to do it anymore. I think that when I think the R is like topics that I come across where I think, you know, that'd be cool to talk about for a half an hour or I learned something that I go, oh, this applies to a lot of different situations. so when I watch your video on a lot of videos, actually the originates to these stuff, it kind of like goes to show like, Okay, it creates this bigger picture in your mind about what's really going on. Um, but just like I said, if you don't know, you just, if you don't know, you don't know the positions, you just sort on the ground. So I'm probably going to say, actually, I feel like going to name one of her three favorite restaurants and then we're going to go. And this is on a bunch of them too, where the guy would be like, oh, like, almost like he's saying that didn't count. They always want to do it their way, you know, kind of thing, and, you know, for better words or whatever, it's, I'm just saying that that's when you think of the word leader. If your wife, you know, if your wife wants to, you know, have 20 kids, and you don't want to have any, you're not going to be able to work it out. I think I just, when I'm going to go out and I'm going to invest, like, I don't want to get in the car. But you explain this too, where it's like your kids are going to be different than like other people because when you have kids, that's a very unique relationship. But like, you know, someone who just wants to influence people to do the right thing for everybody, essentially, right? And then all of a sudden they're getting choked and then if you don't know how it happens, you just like, oh, we just sort of wound up like that. Because this is what I kind of thought, you know, like you'll talk about like a. Topic. it's more like, I don't know, it's like, it is the same thing. But, like, if you're just the new guy at work or you're the youngest brother or, you know, you're the, you know, I've heard that, and I have this scenario. So yeah, when you see like how you guys, you know, origin in that video and a lot of other videos, it kind of, it does make me think about that a lot more. It's not like, yeah, we're going to kill everyone or nothing like that. When I was like, oh, see, karate does work and all the karate guys were like, yeah, for we were saying this for years, we always knew karate or the brother Leo to Machita's back. And he was, you know, going through situation he's like, hey, is the first report always wrong? You know, do we do they say that when you're making your order from China or whatever, do they say, hey, you know, like here's all your list items. And you know sometimes like, you know, echo, let's see. I'm not really looking to do that because I want somebody to be able to listen to this in six years and say, oh, there's a good, there's a good angle I didn't see before and this is going to help me with my leadership situation that I'm in right now. So a lot of times he'll talk about things like foreign corruption or like, that's where I got the, actually it might have been from one of these videos. And I think that bigger picture, like that was an example of like just look at it one level bigger. we don't and we don't know if they're ever going to just pull us off because they don't like us. But I think we can remain or maintain the evergreen aspect of the podcast and still put in some some of the current events that are going on right now or at least some of the more outstanding current events and you know some of this have done on unraveling with Darryl Cooper. If you want to ask me a question directly, and you want to have a full interaction like, hey, explain the situation and explain what you've already tried and explain what this one Fred is doing and saying to you, you can work through all that stuff with me. You don't care about nothing or whatever, but, uh, seems like detaching when I imagine it, I guess, is, yeah, when something like happens to kind of escalator whatever. So I know that it's not normal to just be like, Oh, I want to go to the same three restaurants over and over again. Where it's like, and if you don't know what that is, what it is essentially, guys would come in doubting this new jiu-jitsu thing. You know, you're going against the rest or you're going against a boxer. I was always looking at like, okay, uh, peel off, you know, shift right swift, what a swing 32. It's not me, that's true, but someone has some people I know, where the husband feels a little bit, what he called, like, emasculated sometimes. I don't want to look like I don't know all the answers. But also, but also, but also, but also, I'm going to look at it and say, oh, my wife is probably going to be excited if we go to a new venue that we haven't been before. But I know I would say things like, hey, take a step back, look around. I don't want you to sit here and be like, well, you know, you're angry on this. But she doesn't have to think something up that everyone's going to like, and I understand. You know, like I was trying to convey it the best I could at the time, I might have used the word detach. So if my wife's like, oh, you know, it's been a long week. But I do the kind of where like, they're almost like sprails, but I don't sprawl and my hip or not. I'm going to just look at her face and be like, Oh, that's a bad call. So if you're coming at me, if you're like some kind of hostile or unknown and you're coming at me and you're confronting me, obviously I'm not going to lift my chin up and put my hands down. As I, as I brought my field, I'm, I'm probably going to just nod my head and let you know that I'm listening to what you're saying. How does that, oh, should I say, how does that just a, you know, because you know how sometimes it again, I'm thinking about maybe with your friends when you're young or with your wife or something. You know, like it doesn't say that kind of stuff. What does echo know that I don't know right now? I'm decasing like post like free your mind. Like even, like the difference between garden and half garden. You know, like, oh, I'm about to get flanked by homeboy. So there's probably some psychologists doing an assessment right now as I'm talking and figuring out, like, oh, he's got fear of whatever.