They were like hosts, you know, I'd envision it where they should be nice, like almost like, nice teachers almost kind of a thing like shapper on, you know, sometimes teachers get like yard duty. And then you were a refresher course every summer, and that you know what I'm saying, like, you got, you got to train people, you have to train people properly, but people are willing to train, because it's beneficial in a multitude of different ways. Did you ever have those, you know, like on orange juice or whatever the concentrate, you know, the one where it's like a frozen like sleeve. One time, now you take a situation where you've got an active shooter and there's a bunch of kids and you've got different units coming in from different places, you're gone off freaking need a radio and you would know that if you had any training whatsoever. But at least it's one more good guy in the field, you know, with, you know, who's armed in can protect, but then I thought about after talking to some of the teachers, you think about it, like who wants to become a teacher, and then now becoming a teacher becomes a whole different thing. And when I got home from that deployment, I debriefed that operation, that blue on blue, I debriefed over and over again to the seal teams and the platoons that were going through training, and the troops that were going through training, to try and pass on the lessons learned to everyone, and then we set up training that we organized the training so that those lessons learned would get embedded into these young seal leaders. Yeah, that being said, I bet if there was an option where if you're a school teacher, you can go to a four-week summer course on, you know, active shooter response, and then inside of a school with 30 teachers, there's three people that have been to this course. It's like if you have highly like, if you're highly trained in two things, you're like a jack of all trades almost kind of a thing. Where, you know, obviously people say this all the time where it's like, hey, you know, if someone kills someone with a hammer, you don't outlaw hammers. So now we have seven police there against one and again, I'm going to need to see the breakdown detail of the building itself of where people entered, but you've got more people in the school now. I never thought about that where it's like kind of the optional training or whatever, because I was just thinking of it in terms of like, hey, because it's how they, they'd say, I don't, you know, they don't go into depth or nothing. Now, like you said, and like I said, this doesn't mean they need to be walking around with body armor, visible body armor, and a weapon, and a salt rifle like posted up. And look no one wants to bring their kids to a school where the school feels like it's a reverse prison right or some kind of a prison environment where you've got barbed wire I want to teach these young minds, you know, to get to the next level in life, and all this, like basically all the things that people pursue being teachers, yeah, over, um, it shifts to something completely different. But the thing is there are lessons to be learned even from what we know right now that that I want to talk a little bit about again from the tactical perspective to try and figure out why things happened like this in this event. And I remember when these school shootings started happening, I was immediately like, hey, you should put there should be two dudes sitting in a closet, you know, with video cameras, closer to television cameras, they're watching what's going on. And in case in point Jason Gardner's got a few in that he that happened to him on his deployment to Afghanistan where he straight up said, you know, like, if I wouldn't have been aware, we wouldn't have had that blue on blue training, that this we probably would have had a blue on blue for real. And you've got mental health, you've got media violence, you've got dehumanization of people, you've got gun laws, and they're enforcement or lack of enforcement. You know, you think you're just going to shoot or you think that there's going to be a dynamic situation and an active shooter If they were like prison guards, like, you know, ordering to actually use security guards are pretty mean too to everybody. If the would be school shooter knows that there are armed people in the school they're probably going to figure out a different target. and you think you're going to know what to do or you think people are going to be panicking That's what you have because there, there's guys and, you know, this is going to come as an surprise, but when you put into perspective, where there are people who at six years old, they got their first gun. You know, it's not like, you know, give me just a little bit of training, whatever. I was thinking because I remember you said something about like you were an advocate of like having an armed guard at the school, right? But like I said, this is something that I know and something that I understand training people for stressful, dynamic, dangerous situations. I've heard some people talk about the horrible idea of or what seems like a horrible idea of turning schools into you know bunkers type of thing. The world that we created, you need to have armed guards in school because we've got some serious issues, some serious cultural and societal issues that makes an 18 year old kid want to get a machine gun and go into a freaking school and start killing kids. You should do training and you need to do training, where you understand what you're going to be put up against and you should understand what that feels like and you should either get over it and accept that as part of your job or you should get a different job. Think about, even you who's kind of trained in a lot of things, think about how many things like the normal person is trained in pretty much nothing. Yeah, it's weird how people, like the funny thing is to start with leadership because, you know, I teach leadership. When I was teaching close quarters combat, which is, you know, going into rooms, going into buildings, and clearing rooms, and clearing buildings, clearing hallways, clearing stairwells, there's all kinds of things that a seal has to do correctly when they do this, and there are a lot of rules. So now they're like, hey, you know, we'll just say highly intimidated or something like that. It's almost like it's almost like I was like nine to one. A school district police officer speeds in the direction of a person they think is the man with the gun reported by the teacher but drives past the gunmen and heads to the back of the school mistaking a teacher for the shooter. You got to know how to give those signals, you got to know how to receive those signals. And it can be a low visibility option that the children don't know much about but the public does know about and therefore it also you it also causes deterrence for a would be school shooter. Here's the thing, it takes practice and I know this sounds crazy because everyone's look, everyone's on on chair quarterback and everyone can sit there and look, of course, I would brought my radio, I'm telling you, I'm telling you this, it takes practice to know this.