And I don't know if they were doing that to prep me, because they weren't sure how much my hand would ever work again, and that, I mean, that could honestly be possible, but I don't know if, so I'm saying, I don't know if it's routine, I don't know if everybody does this, but they brought me all these aids that I was, you know, trying to learn how to do shit with one hand, which, anyway, that was like I was passing my time, that in watching like dukes of hazard, on dovety, thing, and sign filled and shit. Well, my, my, the officer that was in charge of us brought, brought like a full on mosquito net like you see, I don't know, like maybe in some British colonists who were in like Africa in like 1875 or something. So I had a spiral fracture here, and they just put a plastic, almost like, I almost like the stuff motocross guys where, you know, I was like, I didn't really, I don't know that really didn't anything, but other than like remind you your shit was broken. But it's like, you know how, it's almost like a more advanced version of the simple idea of like, you know, the classic, like, oh, they didn't invite me to the party, even though I didn't want to go. I mean, you're like, you can point to like, let's say like this, if you were to ask an American to describe what it means to be American, they're going to talk about shit like four to two perseverance, loyalty, dedication, love of family, country, you know, spirit, right? Yeah, I think it's also true, like any time you're doing anything hard, like if you're ready to quit, you can find something, you know, like find some other reason, it'll put, like your ego is just only so big. But what the the part like how he he's talking about like the alcoholism and then like his anger at this anger that for some reason, like the way he put it was like that's so true. Does it like, like after about of like physical activity does it like act up like right after whatever? And my turps like, hey, there's 50 cows pointed at him and like, like, hey, and so finally, I just like, well, I just like aggressively approach him. I was like, I felt not, I mean, in a way more into it, but more like you can connect, like I connected with it a lot, like a lot more than the normal I guess given the circumstances, you know. Where and he was saying that I don't know if he said it on air, but he was saying I think it was before we were recording and he was like, hey, people in school or people like teachers and stuff in school, people when you're young, they don't tell you that drugs are like kind of good. Didn't that, you know, wasn't like in the best marriage at the time, which how could you be, you know, and you like how could you marriage be good when you're behaving like this every day, right? Like even like painkiller, I took the all that oxy, like, not more, but like you know the ones that give you food surgery. So he's like coming on Friday and meanwhile, my primary care physician told me he's like, man, you know, if you try to get this removed, you're being a cable, you could rupture, you know, like there's no way to plug that. Yeah, I understand, but like, not everyone's like that straight up, where just because like, especially cake, now, she's kind of a reserved, like, person. So I've been working on that for a while, and then, you know, like I say, right coats, and then I run this bunkhouse deal where I take guys out once a month, train on different things, and like last weekend we were doing some advanced home defense training in Utah with a green parade dude working on in suit houses and stuff like that. and it's just like sitting doing radio shit and like in a, like, a office and stuff and like, no, I'm not about it. Like almost like not that I necessarily felt all of that, but it was like I felt like I can see how that could be. And then my intel guy, or my talk guy, came in like, while I'm saying that, and they're like, sort of just to let you know, troops and contacts in the guys, and he has like, I said, sir, make that 24 times in a row. You know, I've said before like, when people get in these modes and these situations, like, they're like a storm cloud around their head that they think is the whole world. And then like you said, you know, you're right about in the book, you can hear doctors talking, you're like partially coherent, you're tired, you're just like in and out of sleep. And on that stoop was these sandals all laid out and like succession, you could tell us like, Dad, Mom, you know, son, older daughter, and then baby daughter with like these little two inch pink sandals. When we hit that ID, it's kind of like, you know, bathes and fire in some ways, like you to see all, like, what this war is really about to be for the next year. And I'm like, okay, cool, you know, I'm cool, but I, you know, I'm not going to like, I didn't text at that moment in time, right? But so the, what was occupational OT, occupational therapy, they bring like these tools, and you learn how to like pull a sock over this kind of conical shaped thing, and it's got a couple of strings hooked to it, and throw that shit at your foot, and so you can pull like your own sock on and get started, or yeah, That's like you know, the devil's like spirit coming down and like touching people in the jam in a mop because it's true. I think he said about the ego, which like, conceptually, it was like a lot of times, like you'll say this, what he said, this very specific thing where he said, although army should have kept me in, even though he knew he couldn't admit it. You're seeing saying, so it's like, they felt like, apparently that was almost like a gamble, you know? I know that, you know, I talked to Johnny before we ever put this out and he's like, yeah, man, I see, I remember, you know, you know, sans this or that detail. He's like, he's like, I was to you in like minutes, you know, I'm not even remember any of that. So they're like, well, he's, you know, making it like one of them just like why risk it now. So again, in your mind, you think you got to build up like yourself, but bro, I mean, anybody that's there looking at you like, hey, man, you obviously, freaking, you know, got after it. She was like, you know, she should do a video, like showing like how discipline go. Like I'm like a brainwashed by Hollywood, you know, on reading it like, Sometimes the down is way lower than the up, and that's one of the things that makes it powerful is it's freaking, and it's like realistic, and it also makes it powerful because like every time I read something, and I'd be like, So all of our hasties were like water up to our chest and still have like that, you know, in fact, what, uh, one time during night guard, my body, you know, we had your ankles in a locked in hasties or whatever. It felt like the two genres of Iraq Warbook were either like heroism or super whiny, crybaby shit and then just the heroism stuff is great and I mean, every culture has always done that's great and I should continue but like the super whiny bitch that we just, there's no reason for that. It's dependent, like, we're doing like prisoner transport, then that would be like a two day boring ass thing, same kind of thing with log packs. So when I'm thinking, you know, even going out, like going outside the gate, going outside the wire, walking out there, trying to capture what it's like. And because like, I guess the way like it's damaging that blood vessel in there and it's releasing protein because I guess the way that it's like a heart attack is protein in your bloodstream or certain type of protein in your bloodstream. As far as the suicide bombing, I don't think, not really, it's hard, it's really hard to know because I, I got into psychology for a minute, and now I know that your, your brain often like rewrite stories back or backfills, you know? Of course, they kick, like, so a lot of times they'll break their backs like stud horses, they'll get up on their hind ends like this and flip them break their necks or backs and buy it and kick and I mean, they can kick. So I came home and got, you know, long Google start looking and look like probably right like you probably couldn't get it out. The muscles are not firing properly, and then my right quad at a real good hole through it, and that one, even my physical therapist that I got later on is a civilian was not quite sure if that femoral or Xemia, which had as that, anyway, if the actual head of that part of the quad would ever fire again, because it was just not, like the muscles were not going around the way they should have, that it does kind of now, but so there could have been like some muscular damage involved, I mean there was muscular damage involved, but that could have been part of it too. That's another thing that's interesting about this book is you can tell a freak it, you can tell it's not a Hollywood movie, because in a Hollywood movie it's like there's some point where everything turns, and everything's like good now, you know, they write the book with that perfect story arc, and disay in a perfect story arc. Because I was like, and especially like as a young open micer and then you progress like a middle act and stuff here, you're just really reaching for stuff. So anyway, I feel like I got kind of, but it worked out, you know, I'm not trying to complain, but I do feel like he was a little near to some salty. You know, so I think if you're, if you're one of these people that's going through addiction and you're, uh, what they call like functionally addicted, whether it's heroin or, like there's only handful of drugs that people can really do it on alcohol mostly. But the weird thing is it didn't feel like it didn't feel any like we even he described like euphoria. Yeah, and the craziest part about those plates is I didn't realize this until one of my engineer buddies came over the other day and he was like trucking them out and put them on my counter and it's like warped like wobbles. And this one part that I think he like nailed was when he was like something about the existence of the devil where alcohol and drugs are like his tools. You just gotta find something to force you, you know, like for me, it's like I'm going to go home and tell my buddy that I pulled that bull out of that canyon. Yeah, it's like a big cage like you're saying almost like a series of halos. And he, he looked like, when you, if you ever slaughtered bull when you shoot him, and that's almost like their legs come up and they hit the ground like a cart team. I mean, you're certain extending the good time like way past like the plant and just, you know, and we're just, they were doing that quite don't memory lane talking trash. And it sounds like your hand was just like, it's like, I can't, well, I look at your hand. So this guy like basically is pointing his what point is AK at everybody, you know, he's getting ready to freaking looks like he's getting ready to start shooting people. Watching Recon take that down was pretty cool, but like we just did normal like day to day, trying not to get blown up, you know, try to shoot the people, the need to get shot and not the ones that don't. If I die, it's kind of like, I mean, I don't, you know, I'm not really going to like care too much. and I really like they could put like nails and just random like bolts nuts just any metal crap that'll freaking rip you apart. I mean I'd like seen this kind of stuff done as a kid like you'd see people you know you'd a party. I mean, it was interesting, you know, once you cross those gates in there, it's like oil wells on fire and stuff and bowl of whole cars here and there scattered, but there's really not like anything going on in the South by rack. And even I think some, you like you look at guys when they're getting ready retire from them, you know, I feel like everything's gone. Yeah, I mean, while my IT bands are still like, you know, your IT bands are like, suppose we won't band right It's hard, and it's not like you're making progress, but the progress is so slow that you still feel like you don't even know how much you're going to be able to heal. And yeah, like physical therapy every day, I just set back after set back and then, you know, my whole entire recovery was like set back after set back. At like, I forget seven or eight years in and I was over that, but you know, so the max that I could find that had been length of time that I could find that had been removed was like seven or eight years. Like, yeah, you can use that excuse or like you said, you can say, oh, I know I have trouble organizing. I thought maybe something bad had happened, like, some annoying thing, you know, like whatever made Braxton mad. But nonetheless, it was like, you know, certain things you're like, oh, um, but the key point is the next day. Like it was just like so he just loved it very first time done he was done he was addicted and he ended up you know addicted to tell you what the jail. So he's like, I said, can we get this thing out then, you know, because I'd really like to do this whole ultra deal. That things out of there are not not to worry about dying because they my freaking doctor when I went in he's like, he's like, well, eventually that you know, that IBC filter would just plug up. All of my guys, we all just, we all looked at you all like, damn, because you guys were out going out there like you said, every single day you're going out there to do random searches of culverts where you were just taking fire from. So it's like, oh, I missed that one shirt and that's kinda, you know, the one and then maybe two, three months later, they're like, oh, I missed that one again. And I was like, well, yeah, man, they got like a half a million people who they got to grow. Now, at this time, Ramadi is start, do you know when you find out you're going to actually tell Ramadi, like you don't know, day before we should. You know, like one thing with me is I never, I never like wore a uniform home. But it's really easy to start doing that thing where you're like, well, do you know how I'm just treats me like a number? so if you just have like an AK point now, I'm like, man, I've been doing that to my brothers since we were five, you know. And so it's not like saying could what I'm saying is not like saying couldn't see that morning first looked, you know. And I was just like, fuck man, you know, I can't, I can, I'm, I'm done, like this, I've had enough rollercoaster in this point. And man, that hit me like a free train, you know, like whoa. So things that you ever have imagined in a million years, you know, like, like, for instance, 240 in the morning. But like, I still should be invited, you know, kind of, because it's me, it's like a weird illusion. We really didn't take a lot, because we would also end up on dumbass, like a log patch, you know, like I'm saying. You know, like, oh, you know, this happens and we're going to hit some more of those, but that's life, right? So my femur's are broken multiple places, so they just folded like, you know, almost, they just folded up anyway, and they went beside each other like this And now I'm thinking my wife is like, text me like, oh, you know, she's on vacation. bunkhouse, it's the bunkhouse LLC, but it's not just tactical stuff like I've taught basic horsemanship with them, I did a backhunt for navigation course with some people, taught how to hunt basics course, the people I kind of hunt the mountains, basics, so we try to spread out, like jack of all trades type skills as much as we can, kind become more generous. It's like a toxic shit to my buddy's to, you know, like just as much as you love. And if a guy was like tired, it was like, okay, you know. And I was like, you know, I can't even say what he's like, yes, he goes, he can't because it's a freaking lie. Um, and my doctors like it's there's a potential that your filter is just like releasing protein in your blood, you know. I don't ever claim to know everything, but as soon as I saw you had a book called The Glass Factory, that you were wounded there, you know, I said, hey, man, you said, you know, you said, hey, do you want this book? There's like nine or 10 different peaks, like small ones, you know, whoops. and then they slip that into the wound and it's like it's like this big you know as far as with wise. So it's like, 84, you know, like, let's go. The only time it sucked is when it, uh, it banning on our final FTX at rain, which I think is true for like almost anybody that goes through banning, but it rained for like the entire time. It was, they weren't being like the, the stories weren't reflecting everything that I was saying, you know, in my own life, in my friends and you know, some guys were doing great and the other guys were really not doing great. We think this, this, this, as vast was just like filled with ball bearings or something, and that's where you got shredded with man on pack and like eight or ten of them still. and then I had some friends that were going to jail and some, you know, one community suicide, you know, and I just felt like no one was telling the full story So it's like a big sponge you look in thing and it's got a vacts set up across the back like poles the shit out of the sponge. So then we're way out and, to quantum, but even on stuff like that, it's like ID every single time, every other time or something. But if that thing, the reason that people weren't able to get them out is if that thing straightened out, no, you just have like a sharp thing in there and like how to get out. And then, you know, kids coming up asking for water and food and this kind of shit, you know, that was like new. You got a guy like that with you that you really care for or respect or whatever you want to do as you can, and your body's just like not working. A lot of times army guys like we'd be working with army potins and they're like, oh, this is what we're going to task to do. So I don't think there was any, for me, it didn't seem like there was any sense and going into all these little minor, you know, this day we got shot out here. But in town, I mean, I don't know if, I don't know if anybody didn't at least get shot at, everything like, you couldn't, you sure as hell could not go down route Michigan and not at least have someone to shoot at. It was like, I guess the way the way this guy had done it was so that the top of that deal, there's like a little loop. And everybody was saying, I'm like, oh, all kinds of fucking drugs and you know, psych drugs and opioids and every other, you know, and my body didn't work Yeah, I think, you know, when you know guys, when you know guys that are buried there and you can kind of relate, relate that individual and you look at all those graves. It's like, it's one of those questions, it seems really easy to answer, but if you're, you know, if you're being honest with yourself, by the way, the human brain works, you really, it's really not the easy of a question to answer, you know, because you do backfill. Yeah, you got some pictures on your website of like your legs split open like that. So I always tell people, like, when you get to boot camp, you're not going to like me anymore. So maybe when I was home, like that perspective that you shared earlier, I had never considered, maybe I was doing exactly that, but to myself, you know, I don't know. If you're one of these like functional addicts, you should really know that it, you might hit that one catalyst that sends you to a whole, another level of it, you know what I mean? Like you're like, hey, I got blown up, man. But it down here, so they went both directions, so it was kind of like, like up my hips, and my right knee sucks. They're just like wrapping gauze over, you know, you got to hold all the way through my hand right here and then all the way through my nuckle and my thumb and I mean I can even move my finger. They were just like wrapping that, you know, and that was from just a ball bearing and just ripped the, you know what I mean. He's like, this way going to do him like hell. Like even last time was super good fun, but it's not even worth feeling like this. And that I mean, that's how it was designed to be able to be removed if so they push this thing onto it and try to squish it together like this because it looks almost like a umbrella without a skirt on it. You know because they can send you back into the real world and like whenever you're ready we can push the button or you know remove the device or whatever and make the pain stop. And those rods have screws, like drill bit screws or drill screws that wood screws on the end, looking thing more like machine heads screws. It was like, well, anyway, depending on situation, but we went, you know, we didn't know that. And I get over, so I go like, grab this guy and as I'm going to grab him, he like pulls something out of his pocket. And then being a stepdad's like, I got tough, like a really tough job.