So like, like, what were you, you know, how you, like, you always say this, like, what were you thinking there on that thing or that went down as opposed to, what were you thinking, you know, like that kind of thing, that's common. And I think if you want to, that's a great example of being able to successfully mentor your people so they understand, you know, to ask them those questions in a way that's meaningful, it's not condescending, it's not, you know, I know everything, you know, why are you doing that, but, uh, or don't do this, but, but actually ask me the questions and I didn't have a legitimate answer. But if, if you start taking it right then and there where, you know, you're losing a temper or something like that, making the job difficult, like just like you said, like, that's not going to, you're not going to recapture your rights at that time. So as these would be the underdog, because it's, you can just take advantage of, of, of, of overconfidence of arrogance of someone who just doesn't think, yeah, it's like, you're saying, like, I'd go into Iraq, we don't, we don't a bunch of operations, but I'll tell you, in my mind, I didn't feel like I had been tested, I knew, and a lot, I felt like, hey, we still got to be, that's why we always thought, worst case scenario, what's the worst thing that's going to happen, what's how bad can this get, that's what I was always looking at, and still look at. Your heart rates going and you're like, like, you know, you know, because there's pressure on you got instructors there and you want to make sure you make your shots and make good decisions. I don't know that it would have saved their lives and it no one could say that, but that's not what leaders are asking themselves, when they don't know the outcome, I think a true, good leader is going to, is going to, when bad things are happening is going to, say, how can we resolve this? And the fact of the matter is, and I know, I know, I know, lay for now, I have seen, I don't even know how many people, I've seen muzzle strikes over and over and over again. I'm a pretty direct guy, and I'm a de-falte aggressive leader, I think, by nature, but that's something that I learned from Jocca, really, you always use jujitsu as an analogy, and how the direct approach, and particularly, as a white boat wonder myself, when you're trying to jujitsu, it's like, you're going for the three moves that you know, people know it's coming and it's very easy to defend. Like you want to make it perfectly clear to everybody and the way you get their attention because it's not like you lose your temper all the time is by, you know, getting angry and people go, oh, you know, he's, he doesn't lose the temper very often. And I think, you know, what, whether or not a QRF, which is a quick, quick reaction force, we're talking about sending in a, you know, a force, maybe it's Marines, maybe soldiers, maybe special operations, for maybe it's just air support, maybe it's air support, close air support, which could have gotten there certainly, you know, in the matter of hours, it's those things would probably have made a huge difference on that battle field. And guess what, when every time I'm going to med a medical check during our hell week, which they do, you know, every day, you're getting checked every morning and they're taking your temperature and they're, you know, they're taking your SBO2 and making sure that you don't have pneumonia, you don't have some other, you know, dangerous physical medical condition. What's going on, you know, what's, what's happening, you know, uh, now, you know, there are other options we need to get reloaded for things to think about. You got to act and, and that intensity of urban combat combat and again, this is like when we talk about the Cheshire war and what those guys, that's what was so stressful and those lessons learned, what they said, hey, and the urban combat environment, these guys need to be cycled out of the urban combat environment because the ID threat, because the sniper threat, because the immense pressure of having to make decisions now, they should be cycled out like I think it was at the two months and here we were, I'm putting you guys out in the field for six straight months and two in urban combat, apologize, life, apologize, I love you. You know what, today we're going to talk about, you know, politics, we're going to talk about religion, we're going to talk, I said, life, we're, they're asking about barbecue. So that was, you know, and that, that case that you just described happened, the, you know, every day in the seal team, somebody else that knew some GG2, you know, would, would have that scenario happen and eventually the, the, the, the correct answer rises up and people say, hey, look, this is working. You know, you're in, you're looking at across a valley, you're looking down a ridge line, you're looking, you know, you're, you can observe and you can got some time to think and you can get some cover and think, Obviously, this weekend, we saw a lot of our, of our, of our, seal buddies and it's interesting we always have an conversation with, I think there's three or four of us saying the circle, but they were talking about the book and, you know, it's guys that were junior to us at the time and now they're saying, hey, you know, this is awesome. It interestingly, that's almost, that's why most of us start because it happens to, you know, you're like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, that was like, you know, how is this guy? So so many Americans, I know they asked you just like they asked me, you know, years ago when we saw ISIS taking over parts of Syria, then coming back into Iraq and establishing a foothold there, taking over huge cities like Mosul and Fouloujou and then Ramadi. Part of that class should be is the students that are going through the class get to be the cop and get to use simulation, get to feel what it's like to know, to not know, actually. You know, they, they like, they like, they like to think they do, but they don't, they have no idea what makes a good SEAL. You know, about the situation with Iran, you know, in their development, I'm nuclear weapons or China getting, you know, making big moves in the South China Sea or Russia, pushing the envelope and kind of filming their noses at us. When you got all fired up at me, I was like, like, okay, you know, like, life's getting fired up. You know, you know, do you think that there's a difference between like the seal teams, for example, because you can't just, or I'm assuming you can't just replace the guy. So when I'm asking those questions, I am legitimately asking you the question, hey, Echo, what, what, what do you think when you, when you splice this thing together or what are you thinking when you, when you posted this thing on that video, what's the purpose of that, you know, and I actually want to know. So, you know, so that's the kind of people that we want in the seal teams, you know, but on the other hand, instructor staff has a difficult job because they have to make sure that those guys are hurting themselves. Young, you know, good young men who aspire to be seals and whether they're killed in them auto-axonate, you know, drinking a drive or not or, you know, a suicide. And we had guys, you know, who on patrol with a camel back, you know, and the, you know, the camel basket is a water bladder on the back. Like, hey, I know it's, I know what's going on. So like I said, I think how you're saying, if there is this understanding, I know how it is to be the cop, I know how to get arrested. So even had I thought that initially, you know, at that point when you don't have experience, you don't even know what you don't know. You know, people ask us sometimes, Jack, when I get questions like, tell us a good bud story, like, we don't talk about buds because everybody's meant to buds in the SEAL teams. I didn't want to get so far forward that I'm getting sucked into every room clearance or getting in a gunfighting in the hallway because I got to be able to stand back and see what's going on, but not so far in the back that I don't know what's going on up front. The tough thing is though, is when you take over a position like that in the seal teams and lay if you know this, you don't know who you're getting. Or even if even if you end up saying, like, you know, as so many leaders would do, like, you're going to do it this way. And they're like, well, you know, do they have the qualities that you want, you know, for a, And I said, they have the two qualities. Obviously, that makes people like, when you actually say, when you said to me, like, life, you got this, like, hey, run this. Even for, you know, people who feel like they're super, super tough leaders, are strong leaders in the SEAL teams who've been through all our training and, and, and, and, and, and, prove themselves on the battlefield, it's hard to fire people. I was totally infuriated by that and it was because I knew what was at stake that look if we're not disciplined all the way back until we're inside that wire of the front of the combat outposts, we could take fire at any moment and if we're not watching, you know, at that very second we get shot at people might get guilt, you know, it decrees our probability of winning that firefight of bringing everybody back. I mean, that's a good idea right there about let the, you know, in your high school, your example's high school, but let the citizen know how it feels to be the cop. And I think that's a good job, you know, if you're not sure you mentioned that on the podcast, you know, many times before, but when you write it down, you have it in front of you, so you have to have it tough conversation and you give them a copy. and it's, I can give you a number of scenarios where it happened where, you know, if guys had, people always think like seals are always focused all the time. And then I think he actually probably started training some of you, just because he, he, he realized like just how effective it was for a guy who really understood body control, to be able to just get on the on him, hold him down, you know, and be able to control him even though he was half the size of this. You're sweating it out because you know, you know, I'm not going to quit this training, but what if something that I can't control happens? Like, I have to, I have to be in a position where I know where you know where I need to be. You know what's interesting about that is, you know, we, there was a real emphasis on Lave fire when I first came into the seal teams, and a lot of the instructors that were putting us through training had not had any real experience. For it, to people who go through this training, and that was just kind of part of our culture, you know, where as a citizen, we know we're well aware of what cops go through and all this stuff because we've been through it And then I'm putting a situation where I know Jack was going to a bunch of experience in this, this particular direct action, you know, raids. I mean, he's, and he actually, when we debrief with him, you know, he, he comes, now it now he's out of his role player, he's like, he's like, hey, that was pretty cool. And here you are face to face with that person and you just had that closed door conversation about how terrible they were and how they really need it, you know, we're going to square him away and now face to face to conversation goes like this. So, and I know that's one of the things that struck me and as we were talking, that made me think of no country for all men because when he says, I know he's real. And there's, and somebody, somebody hit us up the other day and like, how do I give this book to my boss and I think, lay for out, you know, something along lines of, hey, it's a great, it's a great thing to give to your boss. And so what you don't realize when you're going to do as a student, it just seems like me and these guys are, you know, putting you all these difficult, these difficult things. And myself, I've done vehicle introduction over in Iraq, and I know what it's like to walk up those cars and see what those people are looking like. And you know, this idea that there is these people are just randomly, you know, we use, we also use the term along with loan wolf, they use the term self radicalization. But even before before it gets to that, it think about just the person who's going to make the decision to either resist or put up a fight about their rights or, you know, or this officer being a power trip, having a power trip or whatever, just think about that person's decision making. And, you know, everybody should know that it's late for an eye are the mouthpieces right now for a bunch of bad-ass guys that all stepped up. I said, what was, what was the difference between what, you know, you're deployment to Afghanistan where you got a bunch of gun fights and got after it compared to what it was like in Romadi. This is, you know, well, when we start going against role players, I remember one in particular we're going against, we're in the kill house and we're moving through and of course we're, this isn't live fire. Jocca, you probably wouldn't like, I mean, I know that now that you're going to vegan, you probably, yeah. You know, we didn't, you know, we were just talking about firing people. And you know, I told a bunch of other things, you know, it's really good. Then there's people that are going to-so you've got-and they all the way down to someone that just, you know, they see, they see you, they put their hands up, they lay down. No, what you want to say is, I got so much out of this book and I'm going to turn, you know, I look forward to applying what I learned. And so, this is, I think the danger here in the concern I have is that they'll use something like this, the politicians who don't know what, what makes a good SEAL. Like if you think your rights are being violated, you're not going to, you're not going to get your rights back at that time. There's, you know, there's, there's a lot of supervision and there's a lot of different safety checks and medical checks and all those things that are happening all the time that are going on behind the scenes that the students don't even realize. And what's the shame about, you know, the, the, the, the suicide is, I mean, some of of the best guys we serve with guys like Mark Lee and Mike Montzure both had quit boats, rang out. It's like that guy running the mile, you know, the guy who's running the mile, right? So do you make the exception if let's say you know, let's say, hey, I hired this, I don't know, you weigh it.