You know, I like, you just talked about bottle, like I remember being at like things, at like post, fight parties and stuff like this, and there's like bottle service and people are ordering bottles, and I'm like, I have, I'm in the navy bottle, I've been in navy, I got three, two or three kids, but I'm not paying for shit, like you can fuck and get out of here, run that pain for a $400 bottle of some shit, I don't even know what it is, it's not happening, and I'd just be like, you know, I'll drink some of this, but like, you're getting no money for me, you're worse like whoever whatever fighter I'm with is like, I'm not paying for anything either, so we don't know who's paying for this stuff, but somebody's getting stuck with the bill and it could be us. There's no way people that are looking at, you know, even after pride, that UFC proper now, where that, you know, they see guys and suits and doing proper way and's athletic commissions, and, you know, US, the anti-doping coming in, when we're talking back then, the wild west of everything, like warm-up rooms that were, there's literally like, I remember being intense, there's the ground is just tar, it's just a parking lot, it's like, oh, we're gonna, yeah, you guys can warm up right over there, it's tar, it's a fucking parking lot, you're like, what, okay, races to the banks afterwards to try to cash your check, it's only the first five checks we're clear, there's probably, I would say a dozen fights that we had to fight our way out of, like, out of the audience, like, if you vote, beat a local, you would have to fight your way out of it and try to not get stabbed, and if you haven't forbid you fought an Indian on an Indian reservation, and you beat that Indian, like, you, dude, it is, it's hard, it's every due guys are open, you're chucks leading the way, Gans drop an L-Bows is we're bustin' through and we're just trying not to get stuck, like, this is that era of MMA. and it smelled like pukes, it smelled like piz, you know, the ammonia, like, the, as our bodies would be eating themselves because we're training so hard that we're just smell that, the off gas of our body, like eating its own muscle, the same smell that you get from like dudes and buds and the same smell that you get from guys and, like, SF selection, like during kind of peak MMA, those gyms smelled like that. But that room just like, at Jackson's in the peak, just like going into an ODA when they're getting ready to go to war, there's like this, this palatable tension of people starving to get better, like people starving for perfection. There's cuffs hanging off me and there's like I'm bleeding from you know, because they're snapping along and I'm bruised at my radius and old age is like bone bruised and there's blood dripping off of my arms and I looked like a like an animal pitball that's been tased a bunch of times in the corner. He sets up the truck, gets water pressure, and then he's like, go, you know, there's, there's, there's so cool to have people like that that that we're able to shape young men and be able to like, you know, save this one for example. You know, like, I remember smelling, you know, like, the, the, the smell of the valleys and Afghanistan, how you talked about the dirt, like I grew up on a farm in Fresno. And there's no way besides in like a horror film to depict what it feels like to be, to be hearing those sounds, to be smelling all of those smells, to be seen this just carnage, you know, with the fire truck lights and the dust that's still settling, you know, in the California dry environment that we live in, it's, you know, it's wild. Yeah, there's just a dude Dave Payton, the another example, Big House Fire, I'm running off to go do like firemen things, you know, and Dave like grabs me by the scuff of the neck and's like, that's not going to do anything, hold on a second. Yeah, so I have highest GPA, I have highest score, like highest physical score, I have like highest everything, I get in a fight with one of the instructors over report writing, and oh, that's right, I tell him how he should do report writing, and like this is a better way with more with a clear narrative, and he didn't say, wow, cadet, thank you so much for your input, that's incredible, you know, because we did not say that. There was a, like, she legitimately got assaulted, you know, and maybe a 134 year old boy when my 1112 year old sister, when she gets like inappropriately touched by dude, like, I thrown through a phone booth. Because like he said, when you ride it, when you ride something down, eat like even from a historical perspective of like writing it down and checking with your teammates and be like, hey, how do you remember this? You know, when you got the Gary Tonans and you got the Gordon Orion's, you know, you got the Jean Lowe Bdonnie's, you know, and you have just like the list goes on and on. Like, he's like, he's like, to, to, to, to, because he was like, No, like, well, I don't know what they have now, but for 100% when I went to boot camp, like you're sleeping with one of those things and then like the standard issue blanket. Like, you know, if I lost, you know, it's just like, got it, man. And like, you know, like, we have these little pages and like, beep, beep, beep, tasketero fire. I was like, I want to be back, you know, the team sergeant Ed Weems was like, you know, take a week off, come back to the team next Monday So that's, so you, you see, you're rolling, rolling in the roll of deep, and that what a weird, it was a weird time, too, because it was like, the fighters weren't really getting paid much money, but you kind of had recognition, and like people that were kind of fanboys, like club owners would be all hyped to bring everyone in and set up tables and one of them. One thing I will say about Tim is he has this kind of like disregard for, you know, I don't know if it's like convention or not necessarily rules either. Yeah, like the MMA weeklies are starting to write, you know, the up and come or, you know, on the top 10 rankings, I'm like, measurable, no mentioned. You, you were a head of your time with that though, because now, you know, 15 years down the line, the army, Marine Corps, they sponsor, you know, Timers on, you know, on every UFC fight, I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a paved the way for, we have professional gamers, we have professional fishermen, you know, we have professional athletes. Yeah, that even for me, like the first time I ever did, Jiu Jitsu against this old master chief who was probably like 10 years younger than I am right now, but he seemed like the oldest dude in the world. And like that was just a knife, like this hot, searing poker straight through my chest of like, oh my God, this little girl is going to die. I know that dog, you know, I've seen that one before and I get a smell of trash and I immediately get flashback, you know, if heaven forbid, I smell somebody smoking a clove or I drive by an Indian restaurant, I smell some curry, you know, and that mixed with the fuel and exhaust of a vehicle, I'm boom, I'm right back in a combat. And, you know, Jordan, being my brothers, one of my brother's best friends and Jared, being one of my best friends, it is such a crucial moment, you know, in that like post-pubescent, you know, you're still figuring out who you are. And, you know, he just like choked me out on mock me and I was like, oh, I'm literally thinking, whatever this dude knows, I'm going to do everything in my power to learn everything about it, because I don't ever want this to happen again. Like, no, but my point is like, I, I, when I was going through Buds, I like sat in my room on the weekends and sharpen my knife and polish my boots. Yeah, you'd get like bottle service because you were the fighter, and the guys, the, the bars wanted you in there because it made them seem more famous because they had like the tough guys in their gyms or in their bars, but we still didn't have enough money to even buy the bottles, it's like, is this bottle, or are we gonna have a baby? Yeah, it was a really, in the like the ring girls, they weren't like real ring girls, they're just kind of like local girls that were getting paid. You know, if, you know, and some of these schools there were times where there, they would question, you know, he's he's he's he's he's another sick guy coming back from a combat deployment and you know, maybe they're questioning an approach that he had doing. Like you're not a great like a reduction of Jitsir because people like, who would just have them with that guy's and that was all. And what's a bummer for me is just like any, like like what you just said, you get your freaking dog, right, you're an attack dog. This is like, you know, and people say, oh, if you, if you made this into a movie script or whatever, people wouldn't believe it, it's kind of like that. Then all of a sudden, you know, you know, you know, you know, but you end up just just, to actually dominating him, all respect to a hauser gracy, but you freaking, to, we're taking him down. You know, like, I'm not going to get up at 430 AM, but like this is you and I love that. I'm like, I don't like any, I don't like anything about this, right? If, if the person dies, yeah, it's, but even if the person doesn't, if you just do it, it's like a, it's like a assault with a deadly weapon or something like this. It's like, when you write about it in the book, your dad finds out, he's like, well, you know, I heard you got a girl pregnant. You know, if they learn whatever, for step procedure for getting control, you know, like no, that procedure is not going to work for a millisecond against me. Like for someone not to see you do being successful and being in part of your community, being like hell, yeah, instead being like with the L.S. And all six of us were arguing over who shot who, you know, like one guy's like, I shot that guy. Like, I could go out drinking and like, dude, I was like, bro, I'm not risking anything. And if we're going to be going traveling overseas, the bravo is the guy that's going to have the force response plan, the emergency action plan, the evacuation plan, in addition to, you know, knowing how to run a mortar, how to set up, you know, close to our support. But also it's strange that even in a situation like that, like if I was the overall trainer, I'd be like, hold on a second. Uh, you know, like, fur like a, a while people didn't even look at me. The whole entire fight world, you know, we had really like top 20 dudes on the planet showed up to be like the super zombies to include Randy Kittor, Phil Davis and keyjardine, Julie Kenzie. You know, a couple of purple hearts that were kind of, kind of, kind of give me, you know, like some shrapnel from a grenade that went off a ways away You know, like, you, oh, you're going to go out to, you know, to a dinner, whatever. and I'd wake up and be like, oh, dude, you know, you could have cuffs on me and I'd be like, oh, what just happened? You're so pissed that when they get back, you pull a McFey aside and you like beretem, like you, hey that was bad call bro, you know, you should have taken your best your brightest. I'll go ahead and I'll be like, you know, you're, you're kind of like, up support sergeant and I'll walk the line. When somebody's lecturing me about some significant thing about, you know, hard work or, you know, how, how somebody should do something, I always look at him like, have you ever been hit in the face? You know, like immediately after capture like that's a really dangerous time. I was like, I know what I should be getting in terms of like grams of protein a day. You know, you've you've waked up, you'd fight, you know, you'd wake up, you'd rinse off whatever debotry is on you, and then the seat don't care those diseases into the gym, and then you'd go in train, and then you're trying to do some form of recovery and get some type of food, and then debotry training again, and then debotry, like that's about your day. You know, like I remember it was like kind of on the same level. He's like, you and you say, yeah, and he's like, no, this other girl, you know, I was too much of the coward and tell him, God. Be like, well, yeah, maybe I could do that, but it seems like a stretch, you know, Like the arm is now saying, construct forces, you know, on TV and stuff like this. You know, like, when I, one of the main reasons why I love listening to you and I love your books is it's just like, this is real. And not as a punishment as like, I need this, you know, like this is who this not developed soldier. And I'm like, this is also, and I see these dudes with chunked up ears, gigantic shoulders, you know, big like massive hands. You know, like, remember and walking into mats and, and like the early 2000s And I don't know if we were recording when I said this, but like, For me, I like swore at the TV. And like these are like our, you know, friends of the family scenario. You know, and, and like the alpha in me is like, cool. Um, meanwhile, while all this is going on with this kind of like fight career, which, by the way, is also like a stretch. You know, but it was like, it felt like it was stolen from me. You know, I know we're like, we can't fat shame people these days. You know, there were times that happened, but there are also times where I was just like, you know, a little snake in the grass. Like literally the exact same thing that I was like, ah, I'm going to do the same thing I did to him last time. I think in three years, five years, it's just like, you know, how good as a hijacker going to do on an airplane right now trying to take all of an airplane. And you see people getting kind of like taking a way, they look, the guys that look like you. And so when I got done writing the chapter, I was like, well, here, I go, hey, bro, here's the first chapter because if we're going to go hard, let's just let everybody know what's up out of the gate. He's like, I know what, I know I'm, and then his quarters trying to pull him away as he's seen here apologizing for cheating. I guess it is in that state, you know, but John McCain is sitting there being like, oh, it's not legal in Arizona, you know, and so it's, I do also get it. And when you start talking about Jiu Jitsu and I just got asked this question every day by a kid, it's like, oh, do I have to do Jiu to if I don't like to fight? And again, this is one of those moments where in the book I'm like, oh cool, he's going to get this lesson learned and you freely admit you're like, there was a lesson be learned there. And, you know, what, you know, all of these times where I was like, and then you lose, and I'm all sad. And, you know, he and I, you know, he's like, I may not have been the boss that you wanted, but you're as the boss that you needed. The, I can hang, I can go in there with the whole room, all the dudes and I can you know like I'm forty, you know, forty three I can do fine. You know, like, you know what's coming to the heart. And, you know, and it's like sheeped our response, you know, the purpose of global. Then like the neuros in my brain are like, why is he not treating this person that he just told, oh, they're going to die. When you, when people when shit like that happens, what point do you think you started processing that at a deeper level, like thinking yourself, trying to understand it? And it's an interesting, you can't look at you like, you look at the guy, this guy, I remember guy like this, I kicked him off to you. And I know these people very, very well, but they don't know how well I know them. Like an experienced person is going to be like, oh, this is about to go down. And what exactly what you would want for your young firefighters to be like and to think like, they just need a little bit extra guidance. Like it was like, oh, if you're going to bring a test with you. You know, if you get, and then the catarist comes up to you, hey, you're going to be the, you know, you're going to be the peel on this next patrol. You know, so like you're, you're going to have 12 hundred people in six months from now that are all fighting alongside these green berets. And then you know, you know, you're, you guys know you're slotted to deploy. That shame going on and being able to like hang with the Rashad Evans and the John Jones is, you know, 15 years later, that would never ever, ever happen without me standing there as a pathetic loser, getting destroyed in seconds. And so like any car that's getting close, you're sort of getting that little like, I'm about to freaking pit this dude off of her first shirt. They're, they're, they're working off of, you, you, you, if you think like in the movies, you got this, this big wall, and you have the tops are cowy, and then you have all of the targets, and you have clear lines of people that might know him. You know, that was kind of like, that was the second strike into the, what am I going to do in the fighting world? An interesting thing about the book is like like we've been talking about, it's very humble for you to point this out, but you'll go through these things where there should be some big lesson learned. Like if you really believe that no help is coming, I know that first hand that no help is going to come. And then finally, um, you're like trying to blow off some steam and you go to play paintball with your, with your, with your, with some friends with your brother and, and like some people talk rocks at you. So you, you know, kick ass, that sounds cool, but then what's interesting is the next night or the next stop, they like come up shy, a helicopter, forever, I was a mechanical reasons, they got lit up, those helicopters getting shot every night. You know, I know he was, you know, he was cheering for me as a short match You know, you know, it's, you know, it's, Greg. Like you can't, you can't like argue about dumb shit, ego shit when you're trying to actually make things happen and don't work. There's like a whole, you know, almost AO wide series of operations that's going on as they're getting closer and closer to actually figuring out where's our coward is. Remember that when Nick Diaz got that triangle in, and you like sit still like, flip soft everybody. Like if he's going to be a man of integrity and ethics, we hunted for him, you know, we forged for him, we tried to get and he would get all of that food. And he goes this whole comparison between, like, hey, if this was a girl, and she really loved you, like you'd figure out a way to make this work. It seems weird that this guy wouldn't have been like, hey, this kid needs some help, like some some mental health assistance here. Like, the dude is going to get a go or Tim's going to have his attempt going to take a pound of flesh. If Friday night lights the movie was made, like he is that the gorgeous athletic, everybody, you know he's the smartest and Jared had all of that going with him. So when I peek my head in there, I was like, all right, you know, this is, I got this. You know, I'm looking at Dana White being like, you're going to pay me. So they find out from my pastor because the other woman calls my church to try and, because she's trying to get resources, you know, how am I going to pay for, you know, burthing this man's child? He goes, like, some other people are telling me that like, I shouldn't go. No, I didn't expect to be bad, like bad, uh, like a bad movie. It's like the best people to introduce is like Jeff Glover, who's 150 pounds. I'm like, okay, but you don't know who your opponent's going to be. Like that realization happened while you just like this, where face to face four years later, we launched the school. You know, in my parents were already homeschooling my brother, but so that was going to be an option, but they're going to see if if this little hairy handed idiot was going to be able to handle school. And what makes it incredible advice to me is Ben Reels is obviously, like a confident dude that was confident in his damn manhood to be like, oh, my friend Tim Kenney's a badass, and I support him being a badass. And we talked about a bunch of other little mistakes that I made and Dave talked about some mistakes that he made and hey, we should have done this better and here's and finally one day, Dave was like, hey, you know the blue on blue And I, I, very, you know, this, like, high low athletes, they're not going in there. You know, like, no, let's go find the fire, let's find the fire, I think him being behind me and being that second set of eyes. But back in the day, if you were like a teammate, you were like, go to pay your own way to get up there. Um, like you want to be part of this like hunger of this, this star of this drive. I feel like if I'm on there, I feel like someone stealing my time from me. But like I said, I just like grabbed another freaking piece of chicken and carried on with my day. So in the grapple transition, which is like, where I really like to be, I was just inflicting non-stop damage for the whole entire duration of the fight. It's like me walking into an interview and so it's like, hey, tell me something that's not great about yourself. Like, so you're, like, get off active duty and somebody from New York with a Jewish accent called as you and say, hey, Joaquo. You're just like, uh, getting after it in like 47 different directions. And, uh, and I'm like looking up at the refs and, and at the judges being like, show, yeah, showboding up against the cage. I mean, this is, this is, in those power vacuums, if you remember like peak ISIS, like this is what this moment is. It's like even getting into UAE, you've got to get, you've got to call people in Congress, you've got to get phone calls or made, things are happening. So this looks like a little bit tougher than like challenge for you. You know, like, man, I just got to go to the gym. I figured out who all her friends were, I'm a friend at all for friends, and then I figured out like, there's center of gravity, like where they went, and why they hung out there. Hopefully, I emotionally learn that I maybe should not find somebody that looks like that and behaves like this. And part of it is is this, this whole idea of this 18 x-ray program means that you can do this, really kind of short path to get to special forces, which some people in special forces think that's like not right, not the right way to do it and you don't deserve to be here and you need to pay your dues. Like instead, I'm like, no, no, let's find the fire. And you're like, we're like, get jerked around a little bit. So I am poaching, you know, like mass myth or director training army green bra, special forces guy coming from special missions unit, Carl Kringol Kringol RCO. Yep, and you had a good story in there about, you know, the combatives course that they taught you were once again, they're looking like, oh, who's this little youngster that's in here? So like your, like his brain is getting concussed. You know, and like, I get made fun of getting beaten, getting sprayed down with hoses and getting worse and worse and worse and worse. I wanted to throw that in there because, you know, I think it was for me, it was like third phase in Buds where the instructor started saying, if you ain't cheating, you ain't trying to bullshit. Like in two years from then, they're like in a bad position. And once again, you have to like re-shoot stuff so that it doesn't look like you're crushing everyone. But like as men that are pretty intimately familiar with violence, listen to the city council people, go get punched on the face and learn how important it is to know how to effectively do violence. And this is where like it seems like all your mischievous life gets to be utilized. And what I finally realized at a point, you know, like someone said, hey, hey, Rambo, you need to chill out. Man, um, but you continue doing ops and you guys sounds like you got a pretty good uptempo going June 7th, 2006. You, you felt like you couldn't breathe and they're trying to impart some ways down like, I can't listen to you. You know, not hey, I want to go to Halo school, like what I wanted to, what a bag of Dixia. So, you know, while I say, I don't understand how short-sighted they were, I also understand, you know, if you were the commander and you're sitting there and you have one of your studs, that's on the weekends, going off to Atlantic City and fighting in a MMA bout. You know, I think the two at the time, Ranger Up in 762, where the, like, the two, military, a peril t-shirt company is that you'd see it. I'm like, okay, she's got a chance, you know? You know, if you work on the sewage system, if you're a garbage man, they don't want you to leave because Kabul is going to fall and Afghanistan is going to fall without the infrastructure of the people that run it. But all of you were like, none of us like, hey, I'm in charge. And it's also, it's also like part of being in the sealtains like you're in the water a lot. So, like, I'm going to, I'm going to get a title fight off a contested fight. Like UFC was obviously the bigger promotion, but, you know, some incredible fighters came out of the 20 C. I mean, it was a great, great place to be at that stage. But my brain, like, he looked away in that glance, like, just was a knife in my chest. So John's given John, you know, like, and at the time, and I'm so mad at John and John, I've been talking since his book came out. You've Jason Manham Miller, Dennis King, Ryan Norte, me, like, for early 2000s when you put, like, these are the eight best students of the planet. Like they get kids done with how weak and you're like, You could tell them to do anything. When they saw that we were being a successful as we were when, you know, Colonel Sonso or General Sonso or Senator Sonso is like, hey, I need to get this guy. Like you do this this and this, you're like, oh, whatever. There's no, there's like no glory in being a second or a third or a fourth, which is basically what it seemed like. It sounds like you weren't intent on killing yourself, but doesn't sound like you were all that intent on living either. So it was a really hard thing in my head as they're recounting what, like, we knew exactly, he, he, he, he very accurately described, which I was really impressed that he can remember, you know, he didn't have the grid coordinates, but he remembered exactly where it was off of the airfield. Yeah, and, and in this particular case that you're talking about, you and your team, you guys are all just in your ass to try and put together these freaking targeted packages and you're going to like bust a bunch of these people and you get shot now. If 160, if we have two synops and four black cocks, and we use all of them for this mission, then this dude that's like nine tears down, and then somebody that's on tier three pops up, but we miss that one because, you know, we're off doing something else, just to find work. I was like driving around like, remember the bridges? Not like clinched up like he gives me his straight arm It's like, here's what croch, rock feels like. Like we had, like we had tag numbers for our tail numbers for our aircraft and they're tracking. And we're just like, like, we've actually agreed over our faces. Uh, but so Dana, I'm, I mean, I don't know if this is a direct result, but it kind of looks like it. You know, it's like I want this guy. Do you track any like, no, you don't do any track and everything like that. He's like, like fuck you. It's like a full, it's a full on like felony first degree murder. You know, I stand out in front of that team room for a day, just standing there for like 10 hours. Is it like, is it like a whole season you do this for? You know, you don't, you don't look, you don't look at a flock that's being attacked and be like, do you want it? Like this was like anabolic steroid Monson of massive emotions. You know, that's like, uh, raging bull, right?