And you know, we'd get like some of our friends and other tasks units would be like, you know, oh, BTF, you know, we're like, okay, we need to back off of the heads to chill out everybody, you know, so just just keep it in check a little bit. The moral courage is like you have time to weigh out what's going to happen and what the consequence is going to be and what are people going to think and what are you going to think and how is it going to feel. And again, like you said, Dave, Dave wasn't like, hey, you know, I'm going to focus on my piano skills, because he's not that great at piano when he's supposed to be a jet fighter pilot, right? You know, you're probably going because the aircraft got rescheduled and so you're going to head back to the people like, Oh, no. And it was, you know, you know, we work through it, but it's just like any other sort of like mental health issue where the person just doesn't understand that they've got it. Like, you don't have the power or the thrust to keep the aircraft doing what it's doing and if you get behind the power curve, it is an unrecoverable thing and like, you know, unless you do some other things and give up some other things, which you don't want to do. Again, I think, Funny, you know, life said has to say like, you know, Jockel looks like a yell. You know, I'm like, hey Dave, that logo that you put together, he's like, hey, how do you like it? Now listen, you know, you could just, just to throw like a different perspective on this, or a different angle, the never be satisfied thing, where all of a sudden, you know, I've never satisfied, and I'm, you know, freaking out about and constantly. I'm going to let you know that, yeah, we're going to go do this, but I think this is dumb, and there's no way that's going to work. Look, you know, Echo, he's kind of got that thing going where people just, he's just nice and kind of like if you do something, anything different than him. She's told me like, if I push back against her, like, more than twice, she's like, she says to herself, like, I'm wrong about this. I got taught this when I was getting ready to do my tried and review board to see if I was going to get my tried and the master chief was like, if you don't know something, say you don't know it. and I go, hey, the way we're going to do this, this problem, Junk, we're going to do it like that and you're like, why? You have to just keep it there and sure after the op, you can be like, okay, I'm going to back off a little bit and save a little bit of gas right now, but it's not going to take more than a couple hours before you better put that. He's like, well, you know, something we can get away with and I go, man, would you really like that to be on the cover of, you know, the newspaper? And that's what it feels like when you talk about, oh, these little things like this little documents that you got to get put out this, you got to go run to this brief. Then you have, which, again, in that literal sense and the curve is like, once you get past that curve, you know, I think this thing is like more power to go slower. You know, it's like, how do you know how do you know how are you not aware that there's just a total lack of consideration in the impact. So then we go, what we're talking about right now is we're talking about a situation we got 61, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 1, right, we got 61, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1. And you're like, oh, you know, like, okay, maybe we should not go with that, right? First thing, I'm going to run this thing through a filter that is so powerful that the filter is going to filter out most of the arguments I'm going to have with people. we, I can, we, you know, whatever, whatever the case may be, whether it's all the fonts need to, you get those fonts straight no outer, you know, the drying cage needs to look like just whatever the thing is. So, you know, a guy who's responsible for an aircraft, he'll have probably one other person who's in like the training pipeline, you know, getting, getting certified and getting evaluated. and I just started screaming at somebody, you know, even inside the idea of yelling, which, on very rare occasions, there are some times that you're going to have to do that, that you're still aware that you're doing that, as opposed to just, well, you know, I just got a bad temper and that's just kind of how I am. First of all, let's us know the importance of people being confident, being confident and and look when you when you know what you're doing, but you don't know why that's a problem for your confidence. If we're having that hard of a time, figuring out what to go with six or 1, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 1, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1. And if you use this, the phrase like, hey, Jocco, I know you're supporting on A. I want you to stop fighting for what you think is right. She's like, if you're pushing back against me, if you ask me like three questions, I'm like, oh, there's something I don't see here. So if I'm like, well, this is stupid hydrographic reconnaissance, but I'm going to pretend like it's good. And then at some point, he'll go out a couple months later and like, hey, sir, you know, this other Marine is going to take the lead on on today's mission. But you know, I train think of all my life and the times that I got told, you know what, what your points are taken, we don't care, go and execute this other thing that's the opposite.