how's this going to be divided up every day who's going to get what you know I'm like are you looking for pictures at this point that are good pictures that you want to see or you looking for pictures that are going to be news are going to be front page newspaper which one of those two or is it both. And I tell you this is one thing that when I when we're off the coast of Liberia and you're looking at the coast and you can see the coast we were literally maybe a couple miles offshore looking at the coast and I can see that there's waves breaking some kind of thinking you know I'm a surfer I'm thinking you know those look like good waves and then you can see there's build nice big kind of hotel you can see this beautiful white beach you can see it looks like a just beautiful place I'm thinking of myself. And yeah, it was, and when it, when it finished, I didn't know how I felt because I thought, you know, when you get so used to doing something and you know, I don't want soldiers to die so that I can go down and finish a story. But the situation in the camps was incredible they were just so overcrowded and again you know back to that sort of scenario of people being cramped on top of each other and then you know that's how disease is spread and you know so on. That's a common one though, like, people, okay, because it's not like it's like, oh, shoot, you know, like, what repeat that, because that's a common one, like they'll put duh You know, by the Royal Family and they just sort of said, listen, what you've done, you've not just put wooden basso on the map, but you've shown how much dignity the British show when, you know, those that are fighting for their country are coming back and the way the whole thing. You know, you know, you're not talking about just one other individual that you know really good I asked the young doctor who was accompanying me through the slum I said you know what's the deal and he said oh she's probably after church or something you know she's in her sandy best effectively with her perfect little shoes and her skirt and her pink umbrella. About three quarters away there we got a call and it said you need to turn off to there's a a mask grave has been found at hill and you're on route while you're going to pass it on the way back into Baghdad so can you stop off and have a look and my first reaction was I was so shattered from the four days in the Jaff that I was sort of slightly resigned about having to you know. You know finding myself in the middle of a mosque as a Westerner just thinking you know how did I get in here it was just you know and we spent a month looking at the stuff that was coming out and it was invariably pictures of soldiers within sandstorms and stuff like that you know there was no action you know it was. So if you're not if you know if if it's a listen it's features today just go out and find something that you know every picture you choose not going to tell the story. I mean you obviously thought you're pretty badass when you're like you know what I'm not going for the regional paper I'm going straight to London I mean you felt like after Sri Lung you know you go to Iraq and you see the war and that's one thing and like you said you're dealing with the dead and you're seeing people that were killed. You can get in the way and the last thing you want is to compromise a unit but they set these units up and they said yep the media has to come in and you know show us what's happening but most of the time he said you have your head down and your hand in the air and you're just blindly shooting and hoping. And, uh, you know, you said a 9-11 moment, which I understand where you're coming from, from a psychological standpoint of, hey, I know what I was doing at this point on September 11, well, September 11th was 4,000, maybe 5,000 Americans killed. And you know, people that'll see like a real good picture and they'll be like, hey, that's a good, that's a cool picture. You know you look quite good is he going to start getting my shifts you know Me personally, I need to have physical, you know, no, I got my pens lined up, highlighters lined up, you know, I think it's worth the physical. So I thought nothing of it carried on shots and more pictures and I thought actually I've got I've got quite a lot of stuff here none of it I was really thinking this is really strong you know What's obvious you know it's like sometimes you're going to sit for sure it's like shooting fish in a barrel it's there pointy camera shoot And I know this was, I know I said a couple of things on the podcast that were pretty rough. I think that's good for you and you know they talk about that to the veterans in World War II when you when you came home from World War II first of all you've been at war for three or four years and when you came home you got on to a ship. You know so which but she was finding these delicate way around just like Mary Poppins with you know I remember having to get in back into the car because what had the he just witnessed was just so shocking and I was just numb going all the way back to the the office because you know I. I just hadn't anticipated anything like that happening and it just came out of the blue and I understood why I could understand the father's sentiments. and I said I can't and he said what do you mean I said well I've got a gig tonight I'm playing in London and there are 13 other people in the band and if I get on a plane they're not going to have a drama. You just got up you know if you're looking for it you'll find it you know. But if you're busy and you're out and you're traveling so a week after that I was taking anything and he even if I was being you know sent out and stuff that I thought why am I being sent to do this you know. You know, I don't know what's going on, but it didn't. And when I look through these optics the whole picture changed because now you see all these buildings that look like they literally look like big beautiful you know beach. that's that's sort of the typical you know when I talk to obviously all on my friend the military that's everyone's feeling you know And even while I wasn't handling it I didn't know I wasn't handling it you know I just thought this is normal that you come back from these events and just. yeah it was I don't know I really and to this day I'll never know And then you realize again the dignity that you know you have to be you just have to be so careful as you just don't wander around gunhoo just you know that these they're a very they these are very proud people and they're in this situation and what's more. So you know they're trying to basically play for the cheap seats they're trying you know they're trying to. And they are still trying to figure out what's happened, and where the, you know, the most severe damages, and pretty much, you know, most of the coastline of Sri Lanka had been hit. And you'd end up beginning to feel a little bit more confident and you know I was just watching the guys that were a lot older than me and far more experienced and I just sort of hung around with those guys sort of you just trying to work out what do you do. And, uh, yeah, it was like a 9-11 moment, you know, when you're sitting and you're looking, you just think, I had no idea. Yeah had had helped you know maybe I was too busy thinking about something else I was nine weeks on a tour in Australia an amazing country having a great time shooting the rugby World Cup which England then went on to win. Everybody listen to this you know because we know that this isn't everybody and we're okay with that It's sort of a thing you just sort of you get that you start to talk about what it is you and I don't know I've never been in a situation like that. and you know what's going to make what you like good or look good in case. You just really hope that you got it sharp you know because I happen in that situation when I've had one shot before I'm not got it sharp and those images want me so. And the reaction that got, I was really quite nervous because there were 50 images going up printed on a one size in a bank shot went, you know, in the glass in the window. But I can imagine that even now probably at some point it's probably just a tiny bit maybe similar but not like it was closer but that was 2010 that was six years afterwards and he still spotted it was you know still very high in my sort of psyche. You know when you when you compare that to what happens during a tsunami it's just you know night and day it really is But you know there are so many other agencies out there and so many other photographers out there you have to get really lucky you just have to get that one image that separates it from everyone else and I knew how you know how difficult that is. And you know you're standing on top of a six step ladder, you know, you're probably about 15 or 16 feet in the air and you're really quite conspicuous with the long lens. but you were just like, oh, you know what I'm going to go out in the outside the palace on hotel which is which is by the way across the river from the green zone but still was a very well protected. These people out on their rules just enjoying the music and not being afraid and you know somebody said to me this is not happened in 40 years and I just thought that was just. And I had friends around and something would set me off and I don't know another thing you know And if somebody said to me, is that the result of two weeks at Wimbledon, I would have said, yeah, you know, I don't care. But but over time as we got closer, I just thought, I, you know, what, hey, why yeah, But that's a great example of people going hey know what we've been impressed for 40 years they're listening to music this is awesome let's let's watch them and. So that just shows you that the stuff that I really like is really the stuff that most people don't see and it's you know people will say. The way she would write stories and find stories was just like, you just wouldn't have got it from a, you know, she just had a completely different angle on it. Oxfam were working there and they were providing water and they had this situation where where the camp was being run by the current the South Koreans and they were sort of the they were physically building the camp and they were in charge of at the time and they had created this space maybe the size of two British football pictures or maybe a couple of American football pictures similar sort of thing. And the slums are I mean the floods at certain times of the year and yet the people are at the expected they know it's going to happen. And those moments were incredibly difficult to sort of disseminate and work out what was going on because and of course it was something I kept myself apart from that I think maybe they found out maybe the TV journalists had said something So tell me about like a little bit about the times where you went to Belfast and what that was like for the first time where you're going okay.