I mean, what are you going to do, you know, and I think in, because I just like the guys, I like all we did, you know, when I was over at Buds, I come back in 1971 and then went over to Buds as an instructor. We did, and UDT, you just didn't have the field craft beyond the jungle looking for people, and shit, you know, that's why in UDT 13, some of the guys got killed, stuff down trails, and shit like that, they didn't, you know what I mean? Everything you do is for, you know, being silent or just like, you guys never have to do things like, you know, hit a real taunt line, the point scout did, who had stepped over and grabbed the guy behind him, bring his hand down, show him where that wire was. My second but tuned, two of us, we had the Aussies come down and work with us, and they loved it, and we went up to Newy Dept, and I was just 60 guy, we went up and went out with them, we did a 10 day patrol with them, resupplying all this, if they never talked, said one word, that hope a patrol is all hand in arm signals, that's awesome, and they would get an LUP at night, everybody with their feet out, and you'd land on your pat, have your weapon right, actually pull what they call the silky up, and you'd go to sleep, when we didn't sleep for about two nights, because that's when we usually went out and worked, then we started to, because the way they figured it, there was an arulnois area, and somebody in that circle would be awake, and if we got sprung or something, then you have 360 degree firepower, and we got out of there. I mean, our last, uh, off we did at San Camini Island, who was, we swim or scouted in by Birdshet Rock, and I can tell you, did you know, I'm talking about, they gave us 40 pounds of demo, have a sack, we went 26 miles down the other end of the island, blew up a target, and came 26 miles back and attacked the camp, guys as we were patrolling, that ambushes, and then pick out guys that been killed pretty soon, we were all followed down, they'd go, God damn it, would tell you who we shot, then they'd get to go back to camp and defend it when we came back and attacked it. and he goes, When he boys do, you know, we're going to join Marines, you know, which, you know, that's so good. Oh, one of the things in 1969, that was first of the tunes in 1969, was we landed at New Namcan, got her stuff off the old 46th of the land in it, there and put it in the bunker, and then this little load came in and landed, you know, no, I don't know his name, he was a prude guy in that province, that we were in down there. You know, just like a rules of engagement shit, when we got my last platoon, we stopped in Saigon, and went to Mac for a V in our LT got his orders. Maybe five guys, you know, and whatever squad didn't have the opto night, they got to be the driver in the gunner, which I got to be the driver once and I wasn't happy. I know like I said, I know you've never, never been out in the public eye before. but when I was a kid, you know I watched the bridges river quiet and the guns never owned and I also seen the marine sitting beaches and the Rangers getting wiped out and I went okay if you're going to fight you want to get something that you think you're going to come back with. And then I would, you know, I have, you know, the kind of guy he was, I was a senior kid. It would have been stupid, so oldies, our lieutenant said, no, we hated him, you know, then I got back and went to a cadre or SQT and did all that stuff, and then deployed next time I saw John Odech, I hugged him, I said, you're just one smart son of a bitch, dude. Every month when I was on that deployment, I mean, I got him, we'd put in a chip to go to the seal team, and they'd just cheer or ask us out, he ain't going anywhere until we get back, you know. Now, I know that I know that you're short on time, and I, and I, I rushed this and, uh, I'm glad we were able to get a little bit done. And we had about a big stack of sea-fjorn in the back, you know, the haversax in shit, you know, and also in the whole boat. They weren't, I mean, I know all my buddies and in fact, Thursday, this Thursday night, we have that UDT, Vietnam UDT seal, get together and Thursday night talk those guys. And did you know already know about the seal teams?