Yeah, that, that, that, that, that, when you think about that, like the engineers in a war zone, right, it's not like compared to like an MMA fight right, the cut man, where he's like facilitating all these things, giving water whatever, but that's between rounds. I don't think like you know other times less there they're asking specifically so like my daughter she's three and half now she's kind of like a bigger three and half to and she comes runs up wakes me up a lot of times and is like hey carry me downstairs so when I sit up she jumps on my back. And you know, this is the power of that, just knowing like these are the heavy bombers, which you know, it's no big deal to us now because we have giant machines, but a heavy bomber back then was like a. But you know, when he's like, um, and then a new sound gradually drawn into our ears, a sound deep and all encompassing with no notes in it, just a gigantic far away surge of doom like sound. And understand, I mean, I can't, you know, we were, you know, the, the, imagine fighting against other troops that were as well trained as you are, which is what you're doing in Germany when you're, when you're invading France, you're going against, I mean, the insurgents, they're, they're a hard fight, they're an enemy that I respect their capabilities, but they're not as well trained or as well organized or as well led as, let's say, the German army in World War II, right? I want to wake up in the morning and the thing is like I said when you're like when I think of when someone says you give joint pain I'm thinking when I work out that's it. Like, oh, yeah, we need rash guards because people were saying, hey, you need like this rash guards. and then you know a week later like man my shoulders good to go you know it really works so it does really work. But I like about that is because I don't want to ask people like a lot of people that want to donate money. you know how like if you just didn't warm up at all you can just jump it's like that feeling. oh I got a focus like I got a focus on like my Not like they're like, timid, you know? You know, oh, he's, you know, just looks like a regular guy. And one of the things that Ernie Pile was known for was capturing what it was like, not for the big general, not for the big strut strategist, but what it was like to live every day as it as a crunch. It would be 12 more times more powerful where I'd be like, oh my god, it'd be just power because when you read it aloud and now I'm a little bit more aware that hey, you're going to have to read this. So he's going to try and like explain what that was like. Oh, man, this is like, if you go like biking and stuff, that's really what it's for. Little briefing from the lieutenant, who's going to tell him how they're going to push through this little and clear out this little pocket of enemy resistance. It's almost like a collective like, hey, we all shop at Amazon and this thing together. And then meanwhile, as the movie kind of program, you see him in action, it's like, dang, for a school teacher, these guys are, you know, they're really getting the job done. and it's cool good, but this is the first time Now you like I get I got you the krill us now you get that so when I run out, go ahead give me another krill oil. And so that was like an exposure of, like, yeah, this is the human. Like for example, the he talked about the the one plane that I think he got hit or was crashing and compared to big he said it was a spear light lit spear with the smoke trail. And now he's talking about what it was like, what's going through their minds as they're going to partake in this art invasion. Like rash guards like the short sleeve. And same thing, like I said, I've talked about the artillery, they used artillery in, in Ramadi, who as well, which was, which was, it was pretty cool for me, right? And so now we're talking about the heavy bombers that are going to bring the thunder and there's so many of them and they're so loud it just drones out every other sound until just this massive faraway surge of a doom like sound. I'm going to like, I'm going to hit a switch. so I take the krill oil and I'm not I'm not this guy who's like has all these nagging joint pains when I go workout because really that's really when I think okay do I've joint pain not I work out good hard a role to do It's like biking across the, anything where you, you're like, What is it for? I'll be like, like, if I have squats. Yeah, you can see exactly what that looks like, you know, just pull and like I said even back then right now same thing when I work I don't have joint pain Yeah, I'm seeing that exactly where, if, let's say you didn't know their job outside of the, you know, the battle. Anything that, actually, you know, like a Gigietsu tournament, when you're waiting to compete, that's the worst part. After the bitterness came, the sober remembrance that the Air Force was the strong right arm in front of us, not only at the beginning, but ceaselessly and everlasting the every moment of the faintest day like the Air Force was up there banging away ahead of us. Like, oh, yeah, that's going to be that's a really powerful statement. It extended in a thin little line, just like a high water mark from miles along the beach. But then, but they're, you know, so it's like this weird circle almost. Which is, bro, I don't even know why I didn't like it. So it was very, well, I was, I feel very lucky to have been able to experience that that almost, you know, World War II type feeling now again, I'm not comparing anything that I did do a veteran from World War II by any stretch of the imagination. And when I was reading it, I have certain ways of I've certain ways of notating kind of what I'm going to read and that, you know, some of the stuff's just circled and somewhat. And this is when I know I was like The ninth was just, oh, we're going to get you and we're going to come after you and we're not going to stop. It's like a little official thing to break it up. Then like a flash of lightning, there came a shell just over our head so low it went right through the tree tops It's like we get a little referral thing. Since the episode was typically of the way an infantry advance into the city held by a company and enemy, I would like to try and give you a picture of it. Back in the, yeah, you know, back in the, you know, back in the,