It's like, if you play it, like if you were just playing it, you didn't know Jockel, you know, you'd be like, oh, this kind of a cool little, you know, um, like a kind of folksy kind of catchy. I also do think that some people that go psycho with yoga and stretching can actually do more damage than good, you know, I've known, I knew some guys along the way that got really into yoga and as a years went on, I think it was debilitating for them, you know, you're, you're spine and your muscles are supposed to stretch to a certain point and when you start stretching them beyond that, you used to, in my opinion, you start doing more on the good. And when I looked it up, just to kind of clarify, you know, the closest thing that I think he's talking about is it gives you ideas, it gives you feelings, you know, war gives you these deep feelings, and it's trying to prepare men psychologically for what they're going to face because it's going to be deep. So if you're a jujitsu guy, the best way to train is jujitsu and that goes for conditioning and stuff is jujitsu based conditioning, but so like if you're like, if you're in the guard, the close guard and you're trying to hold a close guard and you're training five, even five days a week, you're energized, you're at, you know, abductors, abductors, are going to get a lot of training. But, you know, that being said, you know, in a, you know, in a society it was a very constant pressure like that. You know, isn't it important, especially, you know, for being a jujitsu guy, you know. I'm going to get, you know, and some people will take that with a negative tone and say, you know what, that guy doesn't even see what I do. You know, I, I, in GJDs who, when I'm teaching people in GJDs who, and you know, you get some, somebody will say, oh, I'm going to tap you out one day. And as you listen to this, think about the people you know that people that you work with, and these three people exist everywhere. And they're just machines that go on, you know, life and I have been quoted saying this many times because people ask us and say, well, you were in charge of seals and those guys, you know, they do whatever you say. So I do that, you know, mobility, mobility, what with Kelly Starat and his book, the supple leopard and you know, I have that and when I have something going on, I'll dig into that book or dig into those videos and find out what I need to do to grind that problem out. You know, I was just imitating what they did and trying to, I didn't, you know, I can't remember that many times where someone sat me down and said, all right, so here's what you need to do to win. You know, I think a lot of people with, we get asked a lot about doing tasks and how do you get stuff done every day. And for me personally, you know, I mean, and, and, you know, there's a lot of guys that didn't come back that didn't, don't have the opportunity to get up early. When people ask us about in civilian companies, you know, it's different because it's not combat and we say combat is like life. So immediately, I feel, I feel guilty, you know, because I, the guilt is because I know I missed a great part of my day. Your workout put isn't, you know, as as as much as this next guy, you know, this guy, what's wrong with you? I can't even fathom what that was like, you know, knowing just what a little bit of it feels like a little tiny, tiny fraction of it. You know, when you're 40, when you're 23, you think you know everything. You know, you get people to freeze, but then again, I see people in the business world that freeze when things get too complex or too crazy. So there's kind of an interesting dynamic, but again, I think when, when you carry yourself with respect and confidence, not cockiness, but just with respect and confidence and who you are and what you do, I think that most people are going to be respectful when they're in your presence. And that's different, you know, now if someone sees, if I see someone's getting bullied, you know, You know, I talk about with you, I get asked a lot about self defense, you know, and someone will say, what should I do with my daughter? You know, do the same principles apply and, you know, how's it different? But you know, you can see sometimes, you know, I'll, I'll sometimes I have to take a day where I just do nothing but mobility and I do nothing but grind out sore muscles because I'm so sore after nine days straight. But when you do jujitsu, I mean, you got somebody grinding on you and smashing you and holding you down and I mean it just gets you used to that and it becomes that it's become second nature for for a jujitsu guy, oh, you're going to get a fight, it's like no big deal. And you know, because we heard three launches and I were waiting for three explosions and you know, the known gets hit. People use that, you know, say, oh, you got to lead your own life. That being said, you know, I know I should do more. And the reason is because above the company commander, now you've got a battalion commander and while he has some influence, you know, he's got 500 or 700 guys under him. It's an indicator that I, you have, you know, a dynamic group of people under you, so and they respond differently to different things. Yeah, you'd think obviously you're, you know, just military that obviously you take your class and you're going to be saying yes sir, no sir. We've been through in the modern era, compared to, I don't want to put that on the pedestal or put it on a scale next to what the guys in other wars have been through because, you know, every war has its thing, whatever its thing was. And as soon as, you know, if I wake up, now, if I wake up and I go, you know, I slept late. So if something you know, you've already half overcome it because you know what you expect. Now, I will say this, you know, you look at like the 10th planet system and Eddie Bravo, and I mean, they really focus on flexibility becomes a great aspect of their game and I definitely respect that. So these things are a way of, you know, introducing people to dangers that are thus for scene and already half overcome.