When you kind of consider the outcomes that you want, and the reason you're gonna make one decision over the other, it kind of, it comes real clear, even though at the time it's so powerful, because you're like, man, I don't want to waste out in front of everybody, or my wife, you know, my honor in front of my wife, by your wife once you leave, your wife doesn't want you to be like, you know, my husband got bar fighting, who, like, I'm so proud of him, you know, you kids are like, I'm glad you're home, Dad. And he's like rubbing against me in my face kind of not like, I want to fight you, but just like, like, like, like, almost like a dogwood, you know, and rubbing against me. And then you roll with him, you're going to be like, okay, I'm not surprised at this guy's, like, this guy's strong, his balance is just like, like, magical balance kind of thing. Like if you feel like doing it, you know how you're like, I like I could say this about this whatever thing. The, what I was going to say earlier is just like, what you're saying, the, like, you're not citing all this science and making claims about like, how this is going to benefit you or nothing like that. And that's what I mean by like, that's a, that's a way of putting it maybe philosophically, maybe, but it's because when you're, I mean, quantity wise, meaning learning the moves, you know, at, like, black belt unless there's these weird special moves that are coming out or wherever, you know all the moves. Like when I rolled with him, I was like, I thought when you were like, yeah, Taylor's, he's kind of the new guy, you know, you, you, you haven't rolled with him. So if people have like video editing skills, you know, or they know how to video edit And stuff like that and put tracks and do that stuff. Human, it's that whole process that I'm finally, I don't know if it's finally, but right now it's starting to become clear where the whole, you know, you're going to pay the price, you know, at some point you're going to pay the price for your actions. It's not like, you know, someone would be like, hey, other than that reason be like, hey, it's cooler, or it's somehow more beneficial for me to sleep five hours rather than my normal eight. And so, you know, occasionally I hear people say that and I go, man, this isn't like, I guess it's kind of like what we were talking about the other day with someone saying, Oh, oh, that's a good picture you took. And it doesn't take long before you're like, okay, I kind of got this, and that's like your blue belt phase where you, you start feeling like, and then the more people you get to command or the senior leadership position, you get put into where the harder situation, you get put into. I want to say, I think I was get confused with the name because like a lot of people will be like, hey, echoes, you know, and ask me questions in regards to this podcast. Like, like, how can you sweep him when his arm is, is basing like four, like eight feet over there is where he's basing. Even if you win the fight, you get arrested, like everything, as opposed to taking on all the potential results, probably, you know, it would that come with not engaging, which include going home safe, your wife's safe, everybody's safe, wake up tomorrow just like you with the other day, and then compare that to jail. And guys who, you know, are way smaller than you way, you know, whatever then you are beating you up, you know, and that kind of thing. Like you know, when you say a video has just been uploaded by Jockel podcast and you know that it's going to 50,000 people. So when you look at him in on the on the on the surface, but if you know that he's such a accomplished wrestler, you would think given his experience, you think, okay, his, his Jiu Jitsu or even his like, when he's training his Jiu Jitsu, you know, you wouldn't expect it to be that fluid. But again, the main thing is to know the main thing is to know the main thing is to know the nature. Like if I were going to tell you, if there was, like, let's say there was a guy that was a really good wrestler, and I go, I go, hey, echo, train with a guy where, hey, he's a really good wrestler. And I had some little flashes of like being hardcore, where some of the things I did that would be like, you know, kind of getting after it. And the thing with this question, and, you know, I mean, even the terminology used, which is, you know, how do I maneuver on this without acting like a little bitch? You know, like if everyone's, if everyone's eating healthy around you, it's very unlikely that you're going to be like, Oh, this is how you do it. And at the same time when I think of like the detriment of doing the workout, when I didn't feel like it, that doesn't, that's not a bad memory to me, you know. You know, it's like, oh, guy confronts the wrong guy, you know, guy street felt confronts, you just semester or something Like when you know you're going to do physical activity, when you know it, you have a job. So when you do, when you do a metcon or circuit training, something like that, where if you can do the exercise, dynamic rest, like active rest, you know, where you're walking, or even jogging kind of, that's what you just do. So now if they do start to escalate this thing, it like, like, you know, what are you looking at? but I'm saying like, you know, I just kind of went through like the story. And I don't know if I found it, if it, what it would look like to me, you know, maybe you could say that that path was the Boy Scouts, right? I know you're saying all these things kind of with it with the given that really the main thing to train is how much you know, that's really kind of the main thing. Like, it's a famous fighter, it's a famous Gigi Tuberat, someone that is a known public figure that is known for fighting, that's like, who's going to give, if it's a civilian, that doesn't train, I mean, they don't, they're not going to stand a chance. And he, he was all fired up, he's like, you know, it's like, when you do a clean and jerk, he goes, this right here is the beginning of it. But when you leave, you feel like a little, you know, like you was down. When I do think back of like, and or think even now, like the result of being in better shape than the average person or going to do just to not gasing or whatever. So like let's say all three Gracie brothers, Hodgour Gracie, then these guys who are like six, six, six, four, six, you know, five type guys will take Hodgour for example. And I don't know if this is just, you know, when you remember back in the past, like you forget the bad stuff of the past. I mean, just to show you like a different, and that's why, like his attitude, you know, I talked about it. And this avoids them saying, you know, like if they're looking at you and you don't look back or they're just like bearing down on you. So if you're going to, like, let's say I'm going to get in shape, you know, you're committing to working out every day. It's like, it's like, getting, it's, it's like an explosion happens in your room. And so I've always really looked at it this way, especially if you're kind of like, if you have mental kind of control over the situation where you can be like, okay, I'm gonna fight this guy or what? So I meet Mo and good dude, you know, or going over some moves and then it's like time to train. Because if it's like, boom, like, I'm getting these things where I got to kind of bounce back from, right? He does like, you know, but his like just mount for example. So like, when you do, you know, like this, this, when you climb up. Like when I was really into like weightlifting and bodybuilding type stuff, I remember thinking, man, I got to, I got to hurry up and eat. And the, you get mutants like, and I'd say that's kind of kind of a good way of putting it mutant like Taylor, where he has a wrestling background. So when you choose to engage, you want to fight the guy, you're gonna say, you know what, you said the wrong thing to me, and I'm gonna square off her to my wife or whatever, you know? And, you know, I'm a little worried that you might just be looking for like reinforcement because people think, Joc was big and aggressive. And I feel, I always feel like a blanket to sink thing in you, Jitu, I feel better when I'm stressed and when I'm a little bit more, yeah, a little bit more stressed a little bit more tension, a little bit more pressure on myself. Like, yeah, like it's going, it's taking me inside his head and what it appears to be from inside his head, which is awesome to hear and awesome to see. It's the same thing with leadership like most of the time, even though I've been some situations where I was like, man, I didn't do a good job there. But if you just watch him roll, you're like, oh, wow, he's going for, you know, advanced you did to move by the way, been training for less than a year. It'll get you kind of aware of like, okay, I'm this tired, I got a manage, you know, all this stuff. And I think like I said, that's like such a good way to see not only just your words, but how someone else heard them interpret them and put them back out there. Like, I mean, if there's a person that's going to beat me in a bar fight, I know him. You know, like I said, no, if you want to win this fight, for instance, you want to win this fight. So let's say these all these little comparisons like, you know, the, to me, aside from no thing, you did to that's the main strength or whatever, if everyone's even to me, the taller guy has the advantage that to me, that's the most effective advantage that I've seen. Not only do you get that little, little explosive movements in there, but when you put Olympic lifting to make up your metcon, when you do like a clean, like a clean press, right? And so anyway, so we slap hands, we're getting ready, you know, we kind of square off and I'm, you know, okay, do my thing. You know, it's just being a, oh, you know, it's a way we're going to say it shakes out. Yeah, because I think when I'm well rested, I'm like a, like a rock solid, right? And I think a lot of times, you know, people when they meet me or they learn about me, or I show up at their business, they think I'm going to be that guy. But you know what, elevate your feet, set it on a proper eight minutes, boom, you're going to wake up feeling like Superman. He's getting good or whatever, you know, just kind of, I don't have like these these hard stages to me. You know, if you took a subway into the city at night and you know you're going to come and home. So Mo, Mo, Mo, if, for those of you listening that don't know Mo, as he's a really incredibly good rest, let me rest a little in college, and he, is, he didn't, he didn't make the Olympic games, but he was like in second. So people know that you know, you did to a little bit, but you're not expected to tap anybody. I've told, so I've told Echo before that when we were getting ready to record the podcast, the day before I record the podcast, that night, I like to sleep less like four hours. So it's like a kind of like a game within the game right there. And then, as far as like being strong in these weird, because that's essentially what you're going to be doing in GJ2, you know. You got to learn other stuff timing, you know, approaches and all this more like interstitial stuff. Because every time you make a video like when you, not just a clip of the podcast, but when you make a legit video, I'm always like, yeah. I know the right thing to do, quote unquote, is to be done with it, you know, to leave the situation. It sounds like you are, you know, a big, abrasive person that is aggressive and intimidates people. You know, do that kind of thing, and do it in like rounds. Um, it's because there's a lot of people that like study this and know a lot about this and not all of these facts. You know, even that, that's like, that's kind of what's good. You know, so like I said, that's why I think, and I, and of course, the flexible tall, lanky guys, they do have that. Like, really, you know, we talked about this before where you get kind of dependent on certain things. So I'm guessing, hey, man, you're probably 22, you know, 24, something like that, or you're having matured a lot in your 27, but you're still caught in that game. He was like, you know, the kind of guy where he's talking. And he'll be like, oh, yeah, and he'll like be baiting you and laughing and stuff. And you know what, you fast forward like six months and people will go, well, you just do that because you're super motivated.