Because you know, I mean, even in everyday person, if they, they do something kind of hard or work out or even, you know, something like people will recreation and be like, I think going around a marathon or something like that. Like one of the things that that separate, like what when I worked with you that first time, and I saw you like being humble, I was like, man, that's that to me is the characteristic that you can tell the guy is not just a good team guy, but an awesome team guy when he's humble about what's going on. I mean, there's just, you know, if I don't get to people back home's name, I'm sorry, but, you know, I got really good friends that that tried to help me kind of, but they just have no idea, like, you know, there's one old team guy back there. But some people like just insane skydivers, some guys are just phenomenal rock climbers, some guys are just like swimming, sons of guns, you know, or runners and wrestlers and fistfighters and there's, you know, some people just in the guns. Like, like I remember, you know, I remember getting like three briefs about some guy that I was getting in a platoon about where this guy got lost. You know, like if you, I mean, even like you'll hear about a guy that gets lost in buzz in and you or like gets lost going through the initial training. Yeah, so eight, you know what's interesting too, like we talked about points, you know, but the guys like all of our guys are AW gunners put sights put the eight cogs on there on there. But even even overall above and beyond just the water situation where, and you're like this tool that we're kind of talking about this where, do you think that, you know, like if you just sit around indoors and after all, you're like, bro, I gotta get out. Oh, like people like, like look, my cool scar, you know, that kind of thing. You know, he's like, well, I wish I could, you know, conceal weapon carry, you know, it's got, say I got my revolver So if someone was like, hey, you know, that guy's a really good shot and then someone immediately, but you know, you ever, you don't know how to swim though. Like, like, like, I, I freely admit, like, I don't sleep a lot, right? There's little things, but overall, you know, I didn't have to like, figure out, figure out like a woman and, you know, it was all wishy, washy, about shit and stuff. Because if you lead by example and you're humble and you're good to your guys and you know, you're guys and you know your guys and you let them know you. You know, I, I don't, I guess I could have been more like a nice whatever, but I'm like, man, you look like you're fucking fat. I feel like just like how you were saying, I think, you know, a few weeks ago, you were like, There is, there is a word for it. And it wasn't like a big difference, but you know, a normal person has a 26% chance of making it through and someone from New England had like a 37 or something like a small uptick. I was like, hmm, I, you know, so that was like, yeah, that was like my praise. I mean, everybody's got to know that man, you know, I, I don't want, like, my favorite thing is I go out on an operation with you guys and not do anything. You know, even, even stuff like the weather, you know, talk it, you know, all of a sudden, a snowing. But, but, you know, a lot of people, so if you're listening and you're wondering, you know, what makes, what makes somebody a good, like a good NCO and it was a lot of Marines, a lot of soldiers listen to this. And I know that, you know, like I always trust, you guys are going to do the right thing. Like, a lot of people, like some people, they can be big, well, they can run, you know, 10 miles, no problem all this stuff, but they get in certain kind of discomfort physically or whatever they're done. He was like, oh, yeah, no, like, like just guys that were so, so fired up that, yeah. Then like, you know, the guys who showed up later, whatever they're still kind of like, hey, you want all kicked out of the ladies. And so that kind of trained us like being hung over and stuff like, I mean, we would be like, hung over and go work I mean, especially like the sister's kids, those guys were, you know, we had the new guys, we had the older guys, and then we had the middle guys. Actually, I actually remember you were briefing some of the guys when we were back and you were like, um, you were like, hey, you know what? You know, I got some good families back there, you know, that helped me out, like, friends of mine, friends of my family. You know, in the bottom line is I'm not coming down and going, I'm not coming down and going down and going down and going down and going down and going down and going down and going down. And like, if we can just slow down a little bit, you know, I'm like, okay, I mean, what's your limit, bitch? But when the shit hits the fan, you know, it's, it's strange because it makes me, like, a little bit like a little calmer, I think. Yeah, like, just not the other way for those of you out there like, oh, he like didn't do his job. It's no fun being a team guy when you're 44, you know, and you get up and you're like, I'm like, I better retire. And you know how, like, after around this done, like a lot of people, and I was one of those people. And you know, actually when I told people that you're coming on the show, you know, people actually know who you are from the Liftetel. You know, I figured if this, I have a pretty good chance to stay out of the clinic, you know, this way, but not always, but a few times, you know. You know, this guy and I was like, you know, is he, is he good to go? we trained, you know, if you're sustained fire flights, like M4 gunners, you know, after 4 mags, you're going to start slowing down. I, I enlisted in the military, I got so lucky because it was like, you know, it was like a, the square peg found the square hole basically. And by the way, he was, he would, he's not like a guy that was like, well, you know, I didn't get my workout in today. I got like seriously like a million, like a million. You know, you know, you know, spas and the squirrel and Chuckie, those guys with racks. And I was looking at a picture of the dude and the dude was like, just like, distracting guy all buffed with like, blood there. You know, it's like when people, when people always come up and they say, you know, thank you for serving. So, you know, like high intensity that kind of goes prolonged to whatever, but you can read on it on the website, they have all the, like, the actual literature. No, no, he's not like a guy that was like, well, you know, I didn't get my workout in today. I always felt like everybody, especially us and the leadership, you know, we were all like, okay, cool. You know, you, you know, until that happens, you know, you got it. You know, and once you get done with a big firefight, you're like, you want to go back and like, can we do that again and again and again? I mean, it's pretty much, I mean, there's no real thing I was going, Wow, I've never done this before, you know, like, yeah, okay. And I started getting like concerned, like, do I have anything, like, feelings at all? For us, that's our profession, like, you know, that's like, we didn't even want to go home. Like you can't just take control of a room, be like, you know, hey, everyone get in this room. You know, I thought, you know, he says, if you know yourself in your enemy, you don't need to fear thousand battles. You know, it's not like it just says, hey, I'm cool or I don't know, whatever. But he's like, you know, should I, what I'm conceal carry should carry some speed loaders and like, well, John, is that always convenient? Well, if guys in the team, as you got to know this, but a lot of people out there don't that like pretty much everyone's an alpha male. You know, I could have went like a biker gang, or so I'm just as easy, you know. And, you know, never, never would I be like a bitch about it, like, but no. You know, like, you know, it's. There was a couple guys in our task unit that I, I did not think we're going to make it because they were just like, I was like, oh, So, and you know, you just go to your guys and be like, all right, guys, change your gear. That's what you got to let guys make mistakes and screw things up because you know the last you know more you're sweating training unless you bleed more. But it's just, you know, it's the teams like between us we got probably 46 years a team guy life. You know, I want to be like, okay, because your team guy around that stuff all the time. There's no, you know, going in, who didn't like going to work on a Monday morning? Yeah, we, yeah, we had a house like five guys in the apartment with like one, one couch. And sometimes, you know, like I said, sometimes you get over there and you got all that shit going on and nothing else in the world matters. So these guys, I know guys, like, they could never do that. But like I like Tim Ferrell who you talked about earlier, I mean, all the guys that we talked about, Mr. Fakimine. You know, and I mean, I really think that, you know, all my brothers and the teams, everyone was good to go. That's why we kind of trained on, you know, we did a lot of that were try to set a standard you can't, you know, if you got a shoot, you shoot. You know, I was kind of upset with them, but it just made me realize that, you know, if we're making a mistake, maybe it's not this guy's fault, maybe it's my fault, maybe it's everyone's fault as a team. I mean, that story about you and your roommate, like, you're, you're like, you guys live together in Coronado. And they were, you know, all loud and like they were just big tough guys that they were already in the teams basically in their own minds.