You know, we do have a definite tendency to do that in literature or people that write about war, they want to write about, you know, they make everyone look like the best guy ever. But you know, we're just trying to let you know, we hear on, you know, the listeners and the, and the troopers here, we all want to see a little bit more activity. Like I said, it may be even more into tea because it's like, you know, it's like you get into, well, I did. But you know how like you're like, you know, it's a mellow night. The good many of our trenches were directly on filet and if you don't know what that is, on filet is like, if you can imagine a line of people and you are shooting down the line of people and how much more exposed you are in that situation. So we know, I mean we know this is a world war one, we know it's an absolute nightmare. It doesn't matter how good your tactics are, it doesn't matter how good of a leader you are because when we say go you're going to get your troops you're going to do what we say you're going to go over the top of your charge machine guns and guys you're going to get mode down. You know, again, from my experience in the in the in the in the seal teams, you know, when I went in there was no war going on, I kind of thought that there was, but there wasn't. And I was like, I'm going to do like how you do put it on ice and see if I can't get my refresh on, you know, outside it, whatever. He said, you know, you say that, but I've also heard you describe war as horrible and I kind of gave him an answer about, you know, I asked him, I said, hey, if they've never known you, but survived cancer. Now this is a pretty interesting piece where he goes back to New York where like I said he had spent some time there and he's talking a little about what it's like in New York. She'll be like, it's like a comfort zone thing, you know. And some people been like, whoa, some people emailed and said, whoa, is it really like, jocquo, you made this tea? So he's saying, okay, a lot of guys, they're like, hey, you know what, I'm kind of scared. But now what I know is I get to talk to people and I get to get to grow my knowledge from other people who, who can communicate things, who ask really good questions that I got to get research So that's like, you see that, in this modern day, you know, I'm talking about how different it was back then, but maybe it was as different as I think it is. Like theoretically from Amazon's perspective, like the Nazis, they thought, man, these guys are getting after this. Obviously we talked about World War I and the less he's not the only person that felt this way about things and if this wasn't at least a fairly normal attitude to have there's no way that World War I could have continued on the way it did because people would have been saying no this is ridiculous. You know, where, because people on Twitter and stuff, they'll be like, hey, can you just isolate this one? And people are like, I don't know, no time for you. Then, you know, I just want to let you know. This, what happens in the trenches is like a religion, it's like a spiritual thing. And when I meet people, all of a sudden, it's like, it's like friends that you have inside jokes with. And in the meantime, you know, again, I know we got to- I'm going to some highlights, so there's a little bit of a skip, you know, time here as they move towards the front. So I was like, all right, well hey, you know, Jockel T. I know man, it's crazy how many people I see their reason to join is to go fight these bad guys. If you don't want to read it because you know, time you just want to listen to it while you're in the in the traffic jam. I mean, even Jodi was like talking about, you know, when he woke up and showed him a medical who he was in the park. And you know what was surprising me, you know this guy's an officer and he has no idea what he's doing. Like a hoodie is like something you wear every single day for nine months out of the year. Which another thing that drew me to this is because, you know, I talk all the time about how there's the most beautiful things in war. But I'm saying, you're like, okay, I like this tea. So that's one of the major differentiators we want to have in this thing is that, because, you know, late for night go to these events all the time because we speak at them. And I wish you were like, you know what, my discipline is. He means, that's what he means is a guy, and we say this in the sea of training, like if you're going to be stupid, you've got to be tough. And I would say all the time, you know this is the war that I would not want to fight it. So they'll be like, hey, episode, I don't know, 40. Nevertheless, there's many a man who has no love of war, who previous the war had cramped his soul with littleness and was chased by the bayonet of duty into the bloodstained largeness of the trenches who is alert to say thank God for this war. You know, I didn't know what it was all about. This is a different take on World War I. Because he's saying look we've heard enough about the squalder that felt this comfort I'm going to talk about the glory of the trenches. But these guys, these kids that come in now, they know where they're going. Then I'd make like, you know what's the mellow one? They know there's a war going on. I like the brand, you know? What if criminal, criminally-minded people or people that are, you know, have evil thoughts? Got a lot of good feedback as well about, you know, everyone likes it tastes great. But like for instance, people just listen to this and maybe they want to listen to more of it. They don't say we're living like God or we're living like Jesus Christ. It's like, nah, I want to I want to quit my job and go fight. He said, yes, and I'm like, yeah, and when they survive it, a lot of them say it opened my mind, it freed me from being afraid and it did all these wonderful things.