You don't have any, I don't know if I mean you are probably one of the few people that I know anyway that probably didn't go through high school and think about history class when am I ever going to use this? I went with a throng of Sue until we got beyond and behind the white men, so you got a flank going on and they're starting to surround the white men. I know we have people in America definitely that still are hunting at a very young age, but it's pretty cool that you're six years old, breaking horses and then out hunting with bows and arrows by the way hunt wolves. And like I said, you know, served with honor in all of our wars here, you know, which is, we should probably do a whole podcast about Native Americans fighting in World War 2 and Vietnam. So soon you're going to go out to a club and there's people going to be like, oh, get a good drink. But like I said, that's actually a small portion of the book, but it gives us some good insight as to what life was like for these Native Americans back on the planes in that transitional period. And they think that they had a little scrap with the soldiers and they kind of wasn't bad, but they just sort of beat them and it seemed like the soldiers retreated. The way they tell us, all the good people in the old times were white people. Where you're like, okay, the more like kind of, you didn't really say avoid luxury and nothing like that. I think the white church people are good, but do not believe all the stories they tell about what happened the long time ago. The Indians all the time could see where the soldiers were because the white men were mostly on a ridge and their horses were with them, but the soldiers could not see our warriors. And of course, and most important, as you roll through, and as you continue, think about wooden leg, think about living hard, think about holding the line, think about being vigilant, and stay, stay uncomfortable, stay true, and stay forward, forward of the decay, and you do that by getting out there, getting after it. So if, you know, like a lot of times that alone can justify like certain types of consumption. And that is a quote from a book called My Life on the Plains published in 1876 by a guy named General Custer, who wrote that book or was published a few months before he died at the Battle of Little Big Horn. Now it's going out of the out of wooden legs voice and it's going into a doctor marquee, the translator and he's going to put a little note here At one time we were all dressed and ready, but the officers made a stop behind the hill while the soldiers went on and killed many sew in a camp on a little valley just over the hill. And there was like I said, Reno and Ben, Ben teen who survived with their soldiers and they made maneuvers and a lot of people blame them. Thirty years after the great battle against the custer there was a gathering of Indians and white people at little big horn. That, you know, they got overrun by the white man, right? Back to the book one day I saw the old man Little Wolf at the camp. So other people like me knew and you know 40 other guys were shooting. When I was 31 years old in 1889, I enlisted with other shian's to form a new band of scouts for the soldiers at 4K. For a long time we did not do much except drill and work at getting out logs from the timber and building houses for ourselves. I think the white people prayed to the same great medicine we do in our old shion way. Like history, you know, wars, all that, this is all the like settle problems. It may be that they did not know of as much about sickness as the white men doctors know, but our doctors knew more about Indians and how to talk to them. And again, that's, you know, if you were going to be doing some kind of a scientific experiment, you'd want some kind of a doctor. I think the closest thing I got is sort of like spirit, spirit, spirituality, spirit that's kind of the word that it means to me is I try to figure out exactly what it meant. You know, like, I don't want to miss the old days when I was capable. As we looked at it, the surrendering to the soldiers was good if one felt like doing this, but it offered to help them to kill friends, showed a bad heart. That's like, you know, a lot of people follow you. And I'm telling you right now, and we've talked about this before, when you are strong and you can defend yourself and you know that you can handle any problem that comes your way, you're not going to have many problems. Like I said, named Wooden Leg and the name of the book is Wooden Leg, a warrior who fought custard. They said they were afraid of soldiers as they had killed a white man on powder river. It sounds like they kind of got along with the soldiers at this point. The more people who act like, I don't know, take anything you talk about. So these were people that know us, but didn't know about the podcast. In a moment afterward I was on my horse, going as fast as I could run, to wear all the rest of the young men were going. Bird, the old-time Indian story white man who lives in New York had a stone put at the head of this agency grave. I know in my head where he's going, but we'll just say there's he sees other soldiers to go after. And I was like, well, yeah, because we make, you know, we believe in quality, right? Then after that battle, during the afternoon it was learned that yet another band of white men were coming up, the little big horn valley. But I like to think about the old times when every man had to be brave. When you go to old houses in New England that were built in the 1700s, I don't know if you know this, but the ceilings are lower. And it's also interesting that some of the people that were great fighters weren't necessarily going to be good leaders. It's pretty, you know, you think about two little kids crawling to a cave to kill wolves into a wolf den. I went to where he was said to be down in the gulch where the band of soldiers near us the river had been killed in the earlier part of the battle. So if anybody that's listening is a student of the battle of Little Big Horn, there's, you know, lots of different stories about it. Of course as a kid, you're like, all right, well, you know, I'm just memorizing dates and events here. I mean, they put their horses out to pasture and it seems like things are going pretty mellow. You know, just move a little bit further down the path, move a little bit further down the path. And you bear the elements you can have like a little tent, but you're going to bear the elements. Many of our people were killed, but most of them got back to their old home country and were allowed to stay there. People pulling each other off a horse is shooting people in the head with bow and arrow from a horse. And as I started to try and figure out which was which I said, you know what, I'm not going to go that deep into this account. The trader said little wolf, you'd better go to your lodge but he said no, I want to stay here. Now, like I said, like it just stated, you had these groups and they're out in the plains. I know, I mean, I hear from people that say the podcast has helped them out greatly, which is the best, it's why we're sitting here. At time some of our young men would violate the orders and would slip away from the reservation to get a buffalo or some other animal good to eat. The natives don't want people to like watch it or record it because it's their own personal thing. They weren't defeated by the white man's guns or the white man's tactics. But like I said, what we do know is that not one of them lived. We can never give up, you know, somebody asked me on Twitter the other day, you know, in 140 characters, what should our foreign policy be? All around the soldier ridge are men were doing this, so not many of them got hit by soldier bullets during this time of fighting. Like people that are now dead lifting 8,000 pounds by the way. One night, little wolf got a bottle of whiskey and right away he drank all of it. So at one point, they decide that they're going to move camp, which they do from time to time. Where we have time now, the time and the inclination to sit and watch hours of just other people living there. I was like, hey man, good to meet you. Yeah, he said he is, his deadlift went from 405, you know, 405 pounds to 8,000 pounds with Jocquay tea.