I got to learn actually how to work with guys and actually manage guys, you know, effectively like, and, um, which, it's funny, you know, you get on the outside and you're like, man, what you're doing the outside is no big deal, you know, compared to the teams where you're like, and charge with like 100 plus role players and 17 instructors and logistics for travel and hotel and make sure all the training is set up and managing the guys that Nubi talking with the other units that we're talking to and at this time, I'm still only 24, you know, maybe 25, I don't think that goes 25. And could you imagine if we didn't know where exactly they were or where we were and you're sitting there like, trying to listen to a map, you know, read a map when you hear your boy over the radio, like, have been shot and shot and you just hear huge machine gun just going off and you're just like, like, but the boys were with, that's between commander, the breath, JP, where we, you know, he knew we were out, but he's like, hey, where do we need to go? And, you know, we were crushing the work up, so it was, I was built, I felt even better about life, and everything, I was like that, and we know we're going to war, and you know, I just made a mistake, and you know, pay the consequences, you know, I'd come home, and I'm like, oh, what do I do? And, you know, a couple other fighters from a gym, Joe Pass, Andy and Teddy, like just bump voice, you know, like out there, they became like, they became my team guy buddies out there, like they're cut from the same cloth as us, you know, and just down to earth guys that, with Jimmy, always, they have my back out there. Like they don't know how to like, you know, they don't have a reaction because everyone else is like, I want to be the next USC champion and I had a horrible life and I hate my parents and I'm just, you know, I'm like, It's like, dude, the worst stuff, you know, you're just, okay, you know, and, you know, how to great time and structures are pretty solid, you know, and, um, then all of a sudden it was like, because we had a condensed work up. You know, in sushi with good people, you know, we're doing, you know, kind of like you're totally, it's like you're explaining to him, but you're explaining to yourself, like, what, what am I experiencing right now? Like, she had to straight up like how I mean, D-talk, like, I'm not saying D-talk's in a bad way, like somebody who's like, but it was bad, you know, and she identified that right away. And he just was like, you just need a change in mindset, you know, and he's like, you need to stay focused because after this deployment, it might be something completely different, you know, and he's like, just stay the core, stay focused and, you know, get the mission done. You know, and they're trying to be like, hey, you know, you know, my daughter knows, like, well, you know, daddy, if you and mommy didn't argue so much, maybe we could all live together. I'm like, I just threw everything away, you know, like, for what, you know, and I was really upset, and I went and told the Badger, you know, about it first, I was like, I need some advice. You know, night and day like, I think about it like, dude, she's such a hard worker, you know, and she runs everything and then she'll make sure I have a cup of coffee like on the nightstand like next me in the morning. And so, yeah, they're like, you know, city, I was like, oh, I know Aaron Vaughn and they're like, how, how do you know, Aaron Vaughn? I like, I try to like get, you know, so, oh, not some of them is like, you know, because Jocker used to joke is like, JP just wants to be 205 pounds walking around. And, you know, that was another thing was just, you know, I mean, I talked about all the time, like, even when we were talking prior to recording today, you know, I was like, hey, this is, this is kind of blurry to me. And we needed to know that you can't have a delay in communication when you're in a firefight, you know, or, you know, or guys are down, you know, and there's just, and I went, you know, just, I heard it over the radio and Cowie got shot. You know, I know, but we can, we can settle it, you know, and I think when guys don't do that, when guys don't think about it, when they keep it buried all the time, that's when it can be really problematic is, you know, you, you got to, you got to, you got to face the fact and you got to be okay with it, eventually that, hey, this is what happened. I mean, she'd gorgeous, you know, she's awesome, but she's a small town girl and, you know, sometimes we're back home, she'll be driving, just like, how you can drive, you know, because she doesn't want to drive in the traffic on, you know, the road, the main road. So, one asked me, uh, this is, night yesterday, day before like, they're like, hey, I know, I know, you know, you guys are done with on it and all that stuff. You know, I mean, that you're in that highest leadership position, you just, and the same thing, like, I had to get myself together, you know, just because other guys in the boutune, like, I thought, I really felt like they looked up to me as well. You know, my brother and my sister, like two of my closest best friends, still, you know, we just always used to grow up playing Navy Seals, you know, and, you know, where'd you get okay, so going into the next question, which, which I am always curious is, how did you hear about the teams? Yeah, he's a guy that tells the story about where, like, when I want to see him in Charlie Medseries all morphed up, we rolled in there and I like went to shake his hand, like a bro handshake and in like when I grabbed, he reached up, he grabbed my hand and he like pulls me down, right? So there's times where the machine, like 50 cows right over us in the front, like the barrels like sticking out and you're getting that blast, you know, like, oh, I mean, it's just put it's part of it. You know, you're always constantly driving and pushing you each other to be better, to be stronger, to be faster, to be smarter, you know, I remember multiple times like you would come in to, hey, if you ever heard this website, I'm like, no, you're like, you need to start reading it every morning. I mean, everybody's hurting, you know, it was, you know, that deployment you can't not be close with somebody, you know, and especially someone like Mikey, man, like he, he knows I liked my sleep. And, you know, especially after that deployment, you know, I just, you had to keep yourself together, you know, I was just, it's just a weird, weird situation, you know, I was first time I ever experienced that, you know, at that level. So then also in her friends, you know, she should get support group and it's like, you know, I was just like, man, and a couple of things didn't work out when I had screened, you know, I had another surgery when I was out. Like, I was like, someone looking at the bathroom, I'm like, maybe we shouldn't have that best, you know, maybe I was like, dude, anyways, um, on social short, they, uh, I had the chief's review board, and luckily, they were doing remodeling over the compound. And people who like, click through, they buy shirts or something like that, they're kind of like the backup, kind of like the reinforcement, you know? And, you know, we always joke about he's like, man, like, he's, I just remember like this, we all like just would hang out in our free time. You know, like I remember, you know, just like just rubbing the flag, you know. I'm like, I could have, but you know, I just, I guess I never really got the like the taste like I like to stand. And she's like she knows, you know, she's like that's like my little trigger, you know, I'm just my trigger point. I'm like, I broke, you know, I was like sick to my stomach, I was like, oh, I don't know how this could turn out. Like, I don't know, like, you know, my mind, I'm like, I'm leaving for boot camp tomorrow. You know, like, like, Jocco, Dean Lister, and you know, like, just whatever. Like, I wanted that like numb feeling and she was just like, you're not the same person, like quick, like she recognized it. And he was just like, hey, guys, I need help, you know, that's one thing I learned later on a life is like, when I was doing sales, I'm like, people don't want to be helped, but they want to help. He doesn't need to be worried about that because he's working too radio, trying to get in cat, you know, he's got to figure out, like, hey, let's get some tanks in here to mow the city down to get our boy out and get them to the hospital, you know, and so the story that JP's talking about right there is like, that's first significant gazzle that we had. I was pissed that other guys were out doing direct actions, DAs, and I want to be doing that, and you know, my boy pepper, you know, he talked to me, he sat me down, he was like, man, this is a big picture thing, you know, and this is part of it. You know, I mean, like, and then when I tell people like, yeah, you know, since 2005, Jocco could have been rolling in training all the time. And so every weekend, we definitely watched it, and then we would, you know, dress up in camis and pan our faces and stuff that we got from old Army Navy surplus store or just from garage sales and we would go play Navy Seals, you know, and we got to my grandparents as like a haven, you know, and it's funny. I make really good money and I just want to have a little stress reliever, you know, it's funny, you know, like, you know, I wasn't fighting to turn pro because I need to make money. You need to cool up that was a little bit more like, late for an hour is talking about how, oh, you know what, you know, it's not like you're seeing the movies because with these sniper overwatch positions, we'd have a bunch of people with us. So, you know, I was just, the desert, a smoked, you know, just, you know, come home flat deployment, you know, initially just still kind of messed up. I think we can, he's like, but if not, you know, it's a big risk, you know, he's like dude, we have solid leadership right now. My parents, you know, they didn't wait for having kids, you know, I had me and then, you know, I think it was like 15 or now 17 months later. You know, and then my key, you know, right next to me, the A-Dab gun is like, uh, I'm just like, And like I said, you know, the badger was, you know, he was a sniper before, you know, so I learned a lot from him. You know, I do it as a stress reliever, which is funny, you know, because like you watch some of my YouTube videos and the analysis is like, yeah, and Jeremiah Patrick says he trains as a stress reliever. Like, you know, I mean, like, you know, go pick up your boys, laundry. You know, all my, all my aunts and uncles and cousins, you know, we're all really close and just really close family, you know, my uncle, my cousin's uncles, he was a cop, back where we grew up and, you know, he's still serving the community. You know, like it was just as long as things were just like, you know, no good to be pick on. It's it's hard though with her because she is, she's so thoughtful and crafty like all of a sudden like, you know, I don't know, she's, it's awesome. And, you know, you can't be doing that to your boys, you know, like you can't take advantage of like, oh, my buddies, my boss, I can do this. I was like, like, that, you know, it's kind of like, okay. Like I'd fed I'd people flying in from California driving out like like drive for East Coast West Coast, Washington, you know, my ant and alcohol flying out. Not like really fallen restriction like military thanks about it, but it was like, he was like, yeah, Like, oh my, like, she had like, get me out of bed for me to go to work because I was like a zombie. Now, granted, like when I was younger, you know, I'd take in some real strong supplements from like max muscle in different places like that that how I'm available. You're like, not there on with that, but you know, he's like, no, like, you're, no. Learned a lot about, you know, just professionalism and, you know, things change and evolve and, you know, um, so when I was a trade-up with you guys, and, um, you and, uh, Z, you guys pulled me over there. He's just remembered when I got told, when they said the, when the commanding officer brought me in, and he's trying to sell to me, going to Ramadi instead of going to Baghdad, he's like proposing it as like, hey, you know, this could be good. I got, you know, I got, I was up in Reno, I got arrested for, you know, like older guys started to fight with me and my friends. We were blessed to have, you know, good leaders like you and bro and press on in those guys that were just like, hey, man, guys make mistakes. You know, I mean, I'm just like, you're drawn to like just awesome warrior looking guys, right? I'm just like, oh, dude, hands, like, all the guys in Vietnam, all those guys like just got off to it. Like the guy, top of the guy is like, I really want to work for him, you know, and so I just took a lot of the stuff that I learned from him and I've applied it to the outside and it's been awesome. And those heroes from the past that people don't know about and being able to bring heroes like yourself and heroes from the past till the present time and let people know and introduce that there's warriors in the past. But at the time, like, I'm not even 21, like I just want to get after it, you know, and uh, I didn't, uh, for the first half, but then we ripped and we got our act. And I go from being a seal to now I'm doing sales at a financial job, a financial company, which of course I get after it because you have to provide for your family, but just the transition and I made the mistake of not reaching out to people and asking and helping, you know, maybe like, um, one of my boys is still in, Lowe's, you know, goodbye his little nickname. I don't go by Jeremiah now on like social media because guys started googling Jeremiah to know, you know, I test fight against Justin and Jerry with the whole Chris Kyle thing and whatnot. And it gives me freedom to be able to choose, you know, to help out with different projects and help people, and, you know, a man has been super supportive, and, you know, the other logo of Navarretutals, win the fight. And you, you drove it and all of us, you know, I remember you coming up to me when we're in between Iads and you're like, hey, every time, like, someone gets to door, I want you to be the dude that's as loud as possible. So this time, for them, you know, they're, they're, they're three, you know, and they know what's going on. And, you know, Chuck E. Same thing, Chuck E would reach out to me as well and he'd come out there for training and he'd come over and hang out with the family and the kids, you know, he's my boy, you know. And, no, actually, we're just like kind of hanging out the house and, I don't know, I happen some guys like show it up the orange. You know, you know, it's awesome that you're saying this because I've heard a bunch of times from people that'm like, oh, extreme ownership saved our marriage. Well, I mean, considering we mount those to the tops of hummers and if you don't have your foot on the break and it's in part, it'll move the vehicle and even that, and you see a vehicle going to do, like just moving like, and you know, I was also a lead driver. I know you're aggressive, but it's a good deal, you know, like, yes, it's not the ideal thing that we want to do. Oh yeah, just showing gone like I was like, okay, that was the shower tent that was like 20 meters from full metal jacket, right? You know, I'm like, I'm going to sprinkle this guy, but it was my boy, my key, you know? You know, it's not like you guys are like, oh, no big deal. And there's times where he's like, all right, well, you know, you just know what you need to do. And so I went in there and just, you know, face the man and, you know, the whole rest of work up, I know, it was on restriction. I was like, and I know, I mean, obviously, I know what kind of personality you have. Yeah, like I said, you know, about a year, you know, we're doing our own thing. And if we can paint that message, and I would love, you know, for my company to be more of like a lifestyle, you know, and did some do went and got my logo tattooed on his calf. I come and I hear I was like, you know, just, you know, I got the call from Jocco.