I think I think I would argue that most people after training, due to it's too unless it is like just a light like roll, but if you're, you know, if you're doing just, I don't know, the normal due to it's a guy. So that's, that's the, in a nutshell, and if you want to get with the experts, then people like Garantoms, people like Peter at the, people like Dom Dagestino, they're the ones that, you know, can give you the science behind what I'm talking about or what I've experienced as well. You know, and not that you don't have rolls and good rolls and you go hard, but there is a difference between like, I want to let this guy pass my guard or I'm going to, I'm going to hang on with every little piece of my, and what does this look you're giving me right now? And there's, you know, there's like a standard, I don't know what, you know, there's a standard of two millimeters, let's say. Yeah, it's basically about focus but this is one of those things and this is, this is I'm starting to realize a underlying theme with a lot of with a lot of what people are asking me and that is I think people have a vision or a thought that I've got some answer that is like, oh, you lack focus. And this got me thinking about my kids and one of my daughters who, when she was, I don't know what, how old you are when you're supposed to learn the time is tables, which she was that age and she got really disappointed because she didn't know our time's tables. So out of that, you know, spawned this, and the other thing was cool, the, you know, wrongs was, you know, we were not drinking, we were not at drugs and either was wrongs. When you when you say put words on paper, is that like an official thing, you know, like when you get written up at work or something, it's like here's a real warning. She doesn't know him and she starts getting this, this negative attitude of, I'm stupid, you know, I'm dumb, other kids know him. You know, if you want to talk about why I do that, if you, you know, there's a book called Good Calories, Bad Calories by Gary Tombs, which is a fantastic book, and gives a lot of background on it. And I thought to myself, just what I said, I thought, okay, you know what, maybe he's rubbing the people the wrong way and then people are little intimidated by that. So it's like going from a job that's like a sport, which is the Seal teams going into a job that's more of a job. I'm going to use that, you know, so you're going to you're going to get way more results potentially than you would if you simply don't do anything and what if the inspiration doesn't come back, which it's okay, it doesn't. But this type of thing is a little bit, you know, because normally you're just trying to bring someone along and help them out and improve their leadership, you know, it's just mentoring. You know, and it's there we get into kind of the things I think I talked about this last week, but you know, shut off the music. oh yeah, this, this guy's like, oh, so you know, this, I relate to this guy, because I want to be strong. And you know, I'm not going to go into crazy detail on that because in our book, that that life and I wrote, you know, there's a chapter and it's called belief. When you get the chance, let us know what you think and let the world know what you think. And a lot of times people think because I'm a seal and I'm aggressive that I'm like this kind of burn bridges type of person, right? If they're like, oh, you know what, I know I made a mistake. And then another good thing, on the Tim Ferriss podcast, he did an interview with Dom Dagestino, who's got a really good perspective, another doctor that's, you know, a workout guy, and understanding nutrition very well. It's going to come clear like, okay, that thing that I wrote or, you know, put it in when I wasn't inspired. But, but honestly, that's something I kind of, I kind of pride myself in, in as a leader in taking a blank slate when I meet somebody and say, And say, okay, cool, you know, hey, look, this guy's a bad reputation or whatever. Well, luckily, I had spent enough time in the seal teams to realize that the most important skill from an officer perspective that could differentiate and make you do a better job of something you can, I mean, we talk about leadership all the time and the different points and humility and discipline, all those things that make you good leader. But you know, I think that might even be something the close with is when, when you're dealing with people, people are not who you want them to be. The best way to win is when the other person doesn't know you won and if possible, might not even know there was a fight. You don't know, look, Jock, I know you've been in the teams for 18 years and you've done multiple appointments overseas. You know, I used to raise myself when I was right in those words, you know, I'd race and see how fast I could get them done. You know, so the person, the people both won't go into it thinking, okay, I got to mount this defense against this person. You know, you've heard me say this about Gigiitsu, where I used to be really, you know, no, Gigiitsu is better than this and Gigiitsu is better than that. You know, I say, oh, you want to use your influence, but what you're really saying is you want to manipulate people. Also, like if people, they're in some kind of debate or argument about whatever, solar system, no, be like, oh, I have a college degree. And I loved to meet up with I know he loves up an LA and if it's on point, Hank, if you're listening, let me know. They like, but so when I person's in the Seal teams though, and they're getting put to a job, it's normally job that they don't really like. So you never, never like talk to people as if you know something that they don't. So, you've got to say things in a manner that you don't sound like I know it And that beyond the fact, this is you actually are right on more points than you know, because beyond the fact that yes, I am in fairly good condition because I do work out every day. You focus on practicing or you focus on writing or you focus on, you know, and if you can't focus, like, dang, that sucks. I'm trying to make sure that people understand that when you're in a leadership position, there's nice ways of saying it, but what you're trying to do is get people to do what you want them to do. I said until right now, though, I just realize it when you said, okay, if you don't feel like writing or good do it anyway, because I guess I never really thought past that because when you say, I mean, really looking at it in a lighthearted kind of way, you can kind of compare this to, let's say, you know, when you're in kindergarten, you get a report card or whatever. And the way I break that down, the way I separate that from something negative and something positive is, if I'm trying to manipulate you in a negative way, that means I want you to do something that's going to benefit me and it's going to hurt you. Now, there are times where we go, hey, you know what, this guy's going to be okay. And what you're saying is when that happens to you, you say, you know what, I'm just going to walk away from it right now and come back to it later.