Hey, do you ever get, like, you know, like entrepreneurship as like this, the trendy thing to do, do you ever get annoyed when you see like, potent poses, you know what, you know how they subscribe to all the things. But to take that, that notion to the extreme, if you got, diagnosed with a horrible disease, and I try to think of a better way to ask you this question, which isn't like, majorly depressing, because this is, but if you got, you're going to have to diagnose with a disease that was going to kill you in a year or 18 months, what would you do with those months? Maybe it was about money, you got enough money now, or something, something along those lines, and kind of at the same time, you know, he says, he says something like, you know, just imagine being able to spend all this time with your family. How are you going to get, how you're going to get stronger, how you're going to get faster, how you're going to get smarter, how you're going to get better. But if we're, if we're defining leader as someone who can put forth a vision or an objective or catalyze a movement and move attention in people in one direction, I feel like I'm quite good at mitigating the risk of that, because for instance, people think that the haters, this is a very popular word on the internet, and not all critics are haters, of course. You know, the working, 20 hours a week, like that's kind of be coming to like, you know, a Gary Vee, how you grind it. When I write a book like this, which is just a monster, and like you said, kind of a choose your own adventure book, but two crappy pages a day. The second reason I put that in is to remind myself, if you feel like external, if you feel like external circumstances or external actors, meaning people, or stack in the deck against you, or trying to bury you, or try to defeat you in some fashion, you are the seed. When I figure out, for instance, with archery blank bail practice, and I'm like, oh my god, it's just like dry firing with a pistol to fix your like casting or healing. Most people would think that I'm just like speed reading poetry and watching every movie on like 28x forward with subtitles. You know, I like, you know, like a rock star anymore. If it, you know, if the business doesn't work and you end up, you know, you're going to come back in and about what are you going to do? He's a very close friend and he said, and this is his words, no mind, but he feels like I am one of the best people on the planet at getting people from zero to 80% of a skill as quickly as possible. Like, yeah, when we talk about this book, it's going to be going by. You know how it feels like, anyway, that it's kind of become like a trendy thing to be an entrepreneur. What, what I've realized I accidentally did then, and now I always do, is much like, and I think you think don't care another way that maybe you could phrase it is not being preoccupied by it, right? I just do that, because I always see people in the world that treat those other people like they're not people. And some people at the publisher were like, it's way too unrealistic two hours a week and I was like, four. All this information kind of distilled down into nice little digestible pieces like a reference book that you can look at, which actually, Now we're going in the question zone. Yeah, Shay and I had spent a couple of days together in toss, and which just for those people who don't have any context, he's also raised church of laudity, saying, you know, more men, you talk, and so I was like, cocaine in horse, which is the nature of my podcast. So that, that I think is my homework that, and deficit that I've been working hard to correct for the last few years is getting better at managing people who do not necessarily come to that mindset at all times, which I think can be a big problem when it's at a control. I don't think that most people are going to pick up the book and say, oh, I'll cover the suicide section. I mean, I, I don't, I'm not going to go into it now because I talked about my podcast all the time that that stuff is ineffective and you, you actually have to lead people and you. Now, the thesis, I'm going a little bit out of order here, but the thesis was important because I had a meeting with my thesis advisor, who had his own research agenda, and as is very common in academics, professors will utilize the help of students at times to integrate things or research things for them, slave labor, slave labor, and he dropped a pile of 50, 60 pages of original Japanese research. When I look at it down and people have always asked me, are you going to do marks or early on the, I'm going to do marks or early on the podcast? And it's very similar to what I tell people like, hey man, you know, do you just do lift weight, sprint, surf, go get outside, get into your body. I felt like if I, in a sense, didn't participate, there were a hundred other people in line who were going to step up and write a check. And I'll tell you specifically, like, oh, things are going bad at work, fire me. Anyway, so yeah, babe, I don't think you'd actually like, I think you'd be disgusted with my recommendation. And little things in the world that they think are the most important, great, you know, things in the whole world. When you're trying to figure out five different dishes going at the same time and timing everything, you don't have any slack to think of other things. And I think when you set, when you wrote that in the book right there, I think it's a powerful thing. It's like saying, I mean, now we kind of have this emergence of like the grind. So to propagate a toolkit that enables people to be elite problems all of us instead of accidental haphazard problem creators has been my goal for at least the last five years explicitly teaching people how to learn, so they can teach people how to learn. So you just have to ask, like, over 1,000 people who do X, how many are going to get the outcome that is being showcased. Whether it's sunk cost, Valice, you've put X amount of money or time into something and therefore you continue to put good money after bad, because you feel like you have to make it back the same way you lost it. Something like that, or sometimes I'll just walk in, I'll be like, all right, it's a Friday. And I think that when you find people in any circumstance who end up taking it to that point, it's because they think it is a rare flaw. I'm like, okay, I know where I'm going to be there. You're kind of noticed that there's something odd about the way the guy is acting, you sign the book and a little while later, as you're leaving, he comes up and he says, you know, I got to talk to you. Just so I don't have to feel like I'm going to cast eyes by my mom every time. You know how, like, I'm going to go to entrepreneurship. Maybe your thing is as I have found, you know, being a human-geny-picking, trying to train people to be better learners is my one thing. Because it seems like it's like this cool, the cool thing now. So much like you just said, looking at my goals, the worst things it could happen, the ways I could mitigate that and the way I could get back to where I am now, if all hell struck at once, helps me to remove the fear of taking these steps that might paralyze me otherwise. So I think of maximizing per hour output that doesn't mean I advocate dropping a bunch of acid and like watching your cat walk around the house for 12 hours a day. Oh, I'm going to, I don't know what decision I'm going to make them or do pros and cons. So I think that if you feel like you can't not do it or on the flip side as I would probably approach it, if you can look at it as a short term experiment where you're doing a phase one to see if you can develop any traction or get 10 friends to buy, whatever it might be. And that's like people always think that. In the sales teams, you got the guys they're going through, you know, they're young guys, right? You know, you just get people that are acting like that. I know you want to change the world like everybody I've talked to today with your photo sharing app. So when I'm going to get out there, he's like, oh, we got keys and everything. Is there something that happened or you said, you know what, what did I just, you know, did you get home from a trip one time and say, what did I just do or what, what did I just do or what, I can tell you what I can tell you. Yeah, and you can kind of tell like because it's going to be knockoffs potentially. Demons, notice, it seems like you've gone through your life, going from all these different hobbies you talked to. This is a movie that tends to like Groundhog Day repeat itself, not necessarily that intensely, but if you are predisposed to periods of darkness as many people are, you need to develop coping strategies. And I'm going to tell you, I haven't said it yet on the podcast, because I wanted to give people the opportunity that we'll already in the game and we're tracking to get there. For me, it's when people ask me about time management, I'm like, no, no, no. So I don't recommend that therapy for everyone, but you know, one broken nose, a lot of bloody sparring sessions later, I was feeling more like my old self. And I feel like I was really lucky and even right now, I got to do this podcast. Once your lucky twice your good, the people who had good timing and now think they walk on water. And I felt like particularly being the, the, going to that school was a real stretch from my entire family and extended family. And if you were to look at the Spanish equivalent, like, Embrender to like undertake. I was like, I wanted to live tweet down, like, that's cold. And it's like, this is like, I've this huge smirk on my face because it's so ridiculous. And the other one, which I think originally came from, I think about this now, a vendor holy fields first coach told him that he could be heavyweight or at the time, it probably cruiserweight champion of the world. And it sounds like a product you'd see after like the spray on hair and before the rotisserie chicken at three in the morning. I think that I stopped, for instance, the tech investing about two years ago, because I felt like I was replaceable. Like you have, like, groupies of tech entrepreneurship. Because even if there are a thousand shitty ideas, that might mean if more people hire percentage of, say, high schoolers or college students or otherwise are going into entrepreneurship that you get next to five that change the world. And I think that having you on here, Tim, someone that certainly, like you just talked about, comes across as out would be happy and successful in loving life. Like if you're the director, your job is nothing's going to work. Whereas a lot of times, like, you might even notice people. And it can in a management environment, it can cause hurt feelings and people to not put forth their best because they feel like they are being criticized and not lauded for their successes.