I mean, and I think I think there's a pretty I mean, maybe that happens in, you know, in a school setting, you know, or I guess in a business setting it could happen, but if you've got a, if you've got a good team that works a lot together, people know what you're serious. Like, like right now, if you know when feels the way I do, I feel like, oh, I feel pretty much rejuvenated when I kind of flash back to my life for a second. So now I feel like, or it seems like, you know, that when we're faced or when I'm faced with, like, oh, this is too hard or dang, I got all this ahead of me. And on top of that, not just the work, you know, and usually, like, with food and stuff, like, donuts and I joke around that, I eat, like, whole things of Oreos, because I kind of, that's just a joke. Yeah, when, uh, frustration, like all this, so if you go into a situation where you're scared, you know, so a lot of times, especially if you're like an alpha type person or a powerful person, you go and you feel that fear, it's basically the fear kind of is this feeling of weakness. You know, so maybe I've, maybe that's happening to me a dozen times in my career where somebody said something to, you know, everyone just said, okay, we're, you know, enough at everybody feels it. And oh, by the way, Lieutenant Lee, who I talked about earlier, the real by the book guy, he actually got wounded and when he got wounded taken in hospital, he went on, he went on, he went absent without leave A wall. Like, that's not a problem with, but some people don't, some like, yeah, that workout thing that you just said could apply to, like, all these other things. So these guys were, you know, perimeter like I said in sort of an open area and the Chinese just come down and they're, you know, full on attack on them, full on. And I figured it, it would have, you know, like a lot of stuff that you cannot, we say, like, you know, we have this luxury and all this stuff. So once again, we're even in a situation where hey, I'm in a uniform and an office all day from six o'clock in the morning till 7 o'clock at night every day, day on day, you know, in the military and in the civilian world, when you come back from a trip from somewhere, they're like, oh, you, oh, you, we're on trip. But if you're into like, you know, sometimes you go on the website and you get like caught up reading all the cool stuff and all the stuff like this. You ever run into a situation where you are serious and then someone's like trying to make jokes, you know, and it does get annoying or in the way of, I don't know that people, when when I'm serious, I don't get a lot of jokes, you're in the game. You know, we just said funny, uh, the way our relationship was was we were just two guys that like to give each other a hard time about stuff and set each other up for stuff and just just, Then you start thinking, you know, a lot of people have been saying, hey, what about, like, a ringtone, you should have ringtones, you know, for my alarm and all this stuff. I talked all the time about, oh you got to explain to everybody why, you got to explain to why, you want everyone to be happy, you want people to form the plan with you and you want to be there, plan you want them to take ownership and they say, what, you know, Owen says, hey, what happened out there and they said, Sergeant Loney, just, you know, basically said every man for himself. I'm going to find out what's going on and I'm going to get, I'm going to find out, I'm going to assess the situation before my boss calls me. So anyway, this one is like a healthy one is like non-stimulate and it's like, oh, I got it. That's where you can get like cool shirts, disciplining cool freedom, you know, all these things, you know, some women stuff on there, some hoodies on there, some rash guards on there for, for, yeah, some activity. And this is exactly what it's like even in the 90s, you know, 40 years after after the Korean War, when I would watch the the mortarman set up a mortar to shoot, it was just like that. Like you, like me, human beings that decide they are going to fight on despite being surrounded by the enemy despite the hunger and the danger and the thirst and the bitter cold. I can go, you know, if I got to work out, I'm going to crush that workout because I got all my limbs right now. I might like, you know, shoot him a look across the room and roll my eyes at him like you didn't see this come and did you tough guy No, you know, what we're going to have a good time even in this, you know, fairly miserable administrative scenario that we're living in. Hey, you know, don't come into my morning, you know, you're coming in a little late because you got back at midnight. You know you're going to war and you get to listen to guys on the ground and the fierce fire fighting here, the shouts and screams of the wounded. He was a wounded and trapped on his face and I'm talking to him, you know about it and he said, you know, when you're in a war, it was it's pretty easy to take care of yourself. I'm like, all right, but let me, so I asked you and what you told me, I was like, okay, that, oh, that was good. So you got the Marines are saying, hey, look, looks like we're starting to get surrounded here and talks a little bit about this in the book. The walking wounded, so now you got to picture this column, like almost like a mad max looking column. You know, same like in like this guy and I, we would be even in the really stressful situation when no one else was joking. When he was ready to leave, weapon and gear all square it away like a proud, like a parade ground Marine, Sergeant Wright approached me. But if you're more like echo and you want to spend time on the website reading and researching, it's good place to do is on it.com for a slash jockel on there if you want to get a little bunny saved. It would take a long time, but there's so much stuff that I absolutely had to skip and say, you know, I was struggling with myself going, I used up most of a highlighter and a half highlighting this book. Yeah, yeah, that'll involve more the will to read or if you're not fun to read some good points that you like or don't like. The fire teams went forward in bounds, covering each other as they progressed and our machine gun and mortar fire stayed ahead of the advance and kept the enemy heads down. So, you know, okay, we're talking about luxury and like, okay, I, I only got six hours sleep. At this point, oh when he kind of wants to pick up a platoon instead of being the mortar section he kind of feels like mortar section. And you know, there's obviously a time to be serious, but there's plenty of time when you're going to joke around and have fun and poke funny each other all the time. So the point there is when you are reminded of real adversity, whether you remind yourself or the book or something you see or hear about, um, like, it gives you that, like that added will to to overcome. One of the reasons I included this because people always ask me, you know, you ever worked with any other militarys and I've worked with the British and people say you know how worthy. Now like I said at this point, they're still surrounded and they need to now break out to get south to a town called Hung Nam where there's a port where they're going to be extracted. Like I said, even having a good time in madness of fire flights. So what they need is they need the coarserers to come in, which if you don't know the coarserers on awesome aircraft, World War II vintage and you can tell them because they have very distinctive wings that have a distinctive bend in them and they're very, very distinctive looking aircraft and obviously very good at close air support. Camp Pendleton is a belief in an aunt's on the coast of California and there's some pretty aggressive hills in Camp Pendleton which I've spent many nights on because we would work up there and they can turn some soft men into some hard men pretty quickly or break men if they're too weak. I'm, I am of the belief that some people are like me in that way where you just don't feel like it. We all know, we all know when someone's getting mad, that they're probably afraid, right? So, what I did, you know, one thing like to another kind of in my head. And so Joe Owen he feels kind of like, you know, I wish I was a platoon commander. And it is a treacherous, treacherous movement and they decide, you remember early in the book, you said, you know, we weren't used to night fighting. Back to the book they're going through the training and they're getting ready to deploy and we'll go back to the book now Dorothy took 75 dollars of our scant resources and bought an airline ticket from Syracuse to San Diego. A battalion sergeant of the time sergeant took time away from the hundreds of wounded men he tended in the aid station to witness the columns arrival those bastards. War is hell, Captain Wilcox, who had much experience at it would tell us, but you never know what particular kind of hell it is going to be. I've talked about fear on this podcast before, but you know, I kind of say, hey, take action if you're afraid, you got to step into it. So, I was like, all right, you know, what we're gonna do, we're gonna record that. I never, I never, I don't even know where you get a battle axe in the Missed the Korean War but this Marine right here attacks the Chinese, not with grenades, not with a bar, not with a machine gun, he attacks with a freaking battle axe. You got it, you know, be honest, like, what do you say? I bent over him and said, you know, you and I know what happened, Brainic. They go up and one of the, one of the Abel Company, so you got Abel Baker and Charlie, Abel Company sets up on the flank and then Baker also patrols up and kind of sets up to to come to their aid back to the book. So the first way and this is kind of a two-way street, you know, okay, on its supplements, right? So they're going to go up this hill and try and take out that machine gun and as they're going up the hill, he starts hearing something. Yeah, you know, it's, you gotta remind yourself, this is a book. And if you want to give some, speaking of the holiday season, if you want to give someone a gift, that's going to, you know, some gifts that you get, they go in the drawer that doesn't get opened anymore. There's there's definitely we're going to run into many World War II veterans but the young kids they don't know they want to get after it. And now, just talking about kind of the morale, the troops back to the book, there was a great energy in the ranks, strong, healthy young men on the way to adventure. And tonight we're going to hear from Lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps, Joseph R. Owen, who served as a mortar section commander for Baker Company, first battalion, seventh Marine Regiment, first Marine Division. And so the radios just sometimes, you know, and our radios are infinitely better than these radios and even while I was in, the radio has made vast improvements and by the end, by the time I retired, the radios were pretty damn good. In fact, my friend from Kuwait, Cameron, he hit me up and was like, hey, what's on it has this, it's a new pre-workout, you know, but it's non-stimulate, usually pre-workout. They got the different pltunes or out in a perimeter in 360 degrees and in the center of that you got the command post, the CP and you have the radio men in there. You're going to hear a little bit about him and there's a little fireflank that takes place and Captain Wilcox, who's the company commander, maneuvers, some Woody Taylor's guys. Like, he said, if I was in a war, if I, when we were in a fire fight, if I just had to take care of myself, I'd be okay. Hey, you're going to the Yaloo River and pretty much they're all saying at this point they all kind of feel like it's a trap. You know, he's got, he's got a lot of pressure on him. But if you ever, if you've ever seen Marines in the field with a 60mm mortar, I haven't seen Army guys, I'm sure they're outstanding too, but when you see the Marines setting up a mortar for a fire mission, it's beautiful. And I want you to I want you to picture that image that image of these hundreds of men just battered wounded barely even able to walk frostbitten and they're meandering into camp and when they get close someone says hey fall in and they fall into ranks and they begin to march. Five weeks after we first formed up a camp Pendleton we went into the attack against North Korean soldiers who were dug into a hill north of Seoul and we had spent half of that time on board ship on the way to war. And the guys going through the training, the seals, they'll, you know, we shot a bunch of 50 cowl in there. So they weren't trying to move as fast as they could in MacArthur's general McCarthy in Tokyo, by the way, saying, hey, come on, Marines, you know, army's pushing up the real quick.