It's not so much, you know, if I come into a room, and I'm going to show restraint, so I'm not going to say hi to you, I'm going to come across as a loof and you're not going to like me. You know how like, guys will be like, hey, I want to get in like really good shape or something like this. You know, you know, you know, how like you know what the funny thing is, too, is I've got this now. If you, or you, you, like you say this a lot, where you, like you're going to get out where you, like even if you're going to do something, even if you don't enjoy, you still you do it just the best you can. So if you get the if you're a military leader or if you're a civilian leader and you get the idea, okay, Jockel, talking about discipline, discipline's key, so you're going to come in and just throw discipline on your people and burden them with this heavy realm of discipline, it's not going to work out because everyone knows that it's unjust unfair. The other time I don't like that is when somebody, you know, if you're going to give me Billy and it's actually a promotion for Billy, it's like a step up, but you don't want to give me any of these. I can accept that plastic, you know, some people say plastic like, oh, that guys, but plastic, meaning like he's fake or something like that. And we just, you know, I say at all time, if you, if you, if you're, if you're doing what you told them to do just because they're afraid of you, sure, you can get, that's going to work for a little while, you know, oh, I'll fire you. So I knew what it was like when a leader didn't tell you what was going on, I knew what it was like when you had a good leader. Another person is like, if I can't think of a specific time that I'm going to need this on the strip, I'm not going to bring it. It's like, it's like almost like this like a mentor physical black almost. Yeah, it kind of goes back to like what you're saying about like if you're, if they fear your punishment, that's how you lead you know, I'm just, and they fear the punishment. But you know what it was, is you know how the guy who's, they want to try to sound smart basically and got a good idea. So the soldiers going to know if you're throwing bodies away they're going to know it. Got to know your people, got to know human nature. And for someone like me when I look at it like that, of course it sounds like good idea. It goes for anything, like if you're late to anything, like if you, if you, like this podcast, I'm rolling in late every single time. More people send me messages on this or Facebook messages, I guess, when they feel like they're caught in a rut, you know, they're doing their job, they don't really like it. Now, the book is actually called the Armed Forces Officer, very simple title, and the version that I'm going through, because this book is still in publication, the version that I'm going through is from 1950, 1950 version. And I think the rest of you know if you're a chuckle head people are going to listen to you just because of your rank and talk about that all the time. And they're going to be like, oh, I'm going to listen to a little bit more. When they are required to form a parade two hours ahead of time because their commander got over anxious or didn't know how to write an order, again, they know it. So if you remember in the beginning, he goes on this thing about how you're not going to swear and you're going to be not going to talk about women. So this is another thing, you know, you're not going to know everything as a leader. You know, that I know as much about, just like he said, I was much about the radio, is my radio-mended? So it's not, I didn't, you know, this current jacco will call it where I kind of overlay and bring in, it's like a jiu-jitsu when you're going to jiu-jitsu. So if the only thing, the only reason that your people are following you because it's because of fear of punishment, when the going gets hard, that's not going to work. And the kind of the mental training, the mindset training that happens as a recruit to the book, his perseverance and the care of weapons, in keeping his living quarters orderly, and in doing his full share of work is best ensured, not through fear of punishments, but by stimulating his belief that any other way of going is unworthy of a member of a fighting service. So as long as you can, as long as you're guys feel comfortable talking to you, you're going to have access to all their ideas and all their ingenuity back to the book, but the art of open communication requires both receiving and ending and the besetting problems to get officers to talk naturally to men. So, you know when you got a backpack or something and it's got straps, you know, that you can loosen up or tighten up. You know, I know you got things you want to talk about. It's like tunnel vision, you know, where it'll happen and you almost like you don't even realize it'll happen. And that's what's so like about this guy's actually making fun of people that say I haven't got time. If an officer is on a tour with an enlisted man, he takes care of the man, he takes care of the man, he takes care that the man is accommodated as to food, shelter medical treatment, or other prime needs before satisfying his own wants. You know, that I know as much about sniper, sniping as my sniper did I even know close. Yeah, so let's start with the, a lot of times I feel like I'm, it's just like kind of repetitive. And while we're in there, we got to make a community and we got to make a communications hit to, you know, got to call headquarters and say, hey, this is our location. I'm just going to like know it sounds cool. If you like people, if you seek contact with them rather than hiding yourself in a corner, if you study your fellow men sympathetically, if you try consistently to contribute to something to this success and happiness, or contribute something to their success and happiness, if you are reasonably generous with your thoughts and your time, if you have a partial reserve with everyone, but a seeming reserve with no one. So you overload them, you're going to crush them, you're going to break them, and you're going to ruin their spirit. They're going to be like a special like one. You know, you're always, you're going even if you didn't like it. But I think you're going to find as we dive into this book, that from a leadership perspective, the experiences that he did bring back from World War I, the experiences that he got from Eisenhower and from the other Marshall. You drive on as opposed to, oh, start complaining or going to some thing where you get self-destruct, ever you see some kind of escapees out later, something like that. Now I can tell you right now, I'm building a library of books that's kind of crazy because every time somebody hits me up on social media and says, hey, you gotta shout this book. So you're going to hold that conviction, even if it's good for the team, you're going to hold that course. You, but sometimes they're going to get, they're going to get that promotion that you were wanting and you, you just, you just held the line and were a good person. But isn't that like an old classic thing in the movie where it's usually to combat like a situation where the guys are complaining. And because there's kind of those two like schools that thought, I don't know, whatever, two ways to think about it. And that's going back to what this whole book starting off with the attitude of trying to do good job all the time. And if those people are hourly, now you got to go to the boss and say, Hey, boss, I want to get this meeting going, but what you're doing to us and what you're doing to these guys is illegal. You got to step up, you got to lead, you got to take some risk, you got to leave dangerously. I saw a quote, like yesterday, said a spotless house is the sign of a wasted life, which when I saw it, I tend to disagree with a lot because it basically takes one kind of perspective and makes it into this thing. Also, if you have like 10, 12 people coming from your coming from your company, we can get a discount going there too. You got to just say, this guy's, you know, I got to make allowances. Yeah, just understand if you're going for results on it supplements, krill oil, EDC, krill oil, alpha brain, shrimp tech, warrior bars, even though those aren't really supplements, they're like, but you do eat them every day. Yeah, you know, they say also, like the highly polished samurai sword that's never been used in battle is a lot less valuable to me than the switchblade knife that's rusty from blood. We're what you're talking about, like it's something like not important versus if you're in person. It's more like, oh, I guess it in a way to ego, but it's more like, shoot. Where there was a time where I felt like, I just, I don't know. And this book was given me a long time ago by a friend of mine that said, you might like this. You know, for a chocolate real quick, on it supplements, if you didn't already know, krill oil or EDC, okay, our EDC, every day consumption of supplements, essential krill oil for your joints. This is another thing I get asked about a lot is people ask me because they know that I work a lot. So that idea that you're just going to be by the book on everything that's not going to make you approachable. But it was like, you know how we're talking to each other right now. So long as they are with their men taking the same chances as their men and showing a firm grasp of the situation and of the line of action which should be followed, the men will go forward. And so anyway, the point there is where you kind of, you got to know how to talk, right? And just listen to the, you know, three minute, one minute, five minute even, you know, things about. And it's like you're kind of just in the whole game of just, you know, reinforcements support. Yeah, it's like, you know, I told you, it might hold sleep. Talk about the CB's, the construction battines and the Navy that do engineering work overseas and I actually had CB's with us in a remedy that were awesome, awesome guys that didn't everything for us, they kept everything going, kept everything running, kept everything working, built everything that we used awesome guys and every CB I've ever worked with has been just a beast, they have that attitude. That would be very, yeah, that would be who, what you're saying about, it's better to seek the knowledge and be embarrassed because you got to seek to rather than get it called out when you don't know it or whatever. You know, I'm going to do it in an awesome way. And they're saying clearly here that if you go so far in that direction and people don't make any sense of it, it's not going to be good. Now we talk a little bit about what life is like in the military back to the book. Like, you know what really behoves me is that they do it this way. But if you got that guy that we're talking about, sometimes they're going to get a better recommendation. Or sometimes not demoted, but I got passed over, you know, someone else got promoted instead of me, what should I do? So then people realize that these guys are out there and they keep that sense of humor going all the time. So just like if like you donate to a cause and you put anonymous in the thing. You know, he's like the older guy. So he'd always misuse words, almost to the point where you know how some comedians will do that, like he'll misuse. And I will spend off my quote and quote free time doing stuff to prepare for, you know, the on time. And he says here, but from Washington, Wayne and Jones down to Eisenhower, Van Degriff and Nimitz, the best, the men best loved by the American people for their military successes were also the men with greatness of soul. So, and in this case, this was, this wasn't like some high levels like speeches he was making or addressed the game. Here we go back to the book, Men Be Get Good Will in Other Men by Giving It. Sleep is like a, like a god to him at this point.