As opposed to like, you know, you know, some like in training your training with me, you're like, okay, I'm going to it's essentially letting someone get in into a good position on you. But some guys are, as far as decision-making goes, some guys are crazy, you know, where like how you said like if they're like on drugs, or this guy in this case, if you said in the middle of the road acting like, boy, isn't the hood guy? You're like, dang, I can't get like a good like and when you you're like, okay, I'm going to get in my position and he just adjust like immediately. And that's what you see guys like in UFC though, the front of the middle of the ring, you know, because they're like controlling or like a BGPN would all be if he's coaching somebody would be like, be first B first B first Anyway, um, and also shrimp tex, so a lot of people, you know how people, they'll say, hey, a lot of people been asking me when you know like, uh, a lot of people have been asking me. But it's, you know, someone's like, like if you're walking on the sidewalk and you get to your way, that's, you know, it's kind of different or whatever, but avoiding the situation. You know, when like, if this guy, and like I'm in the street and you're in the car, that's, I don't know that seems real obvious. You know, do something to get you start shaving a little bit of money because in the long run, what you're going to get from these two things from fitness and from jiu-jitsu are going to be going to have so much value in your life. And you can tell like when you roll against a guy and we talk about this before when you roll against a guy and even if he's not like his game isn't aggressive, but Right when you lock up with him, you can tell he's just like just in the correct position. Yeah, like I'm going to go out and, and I'm looking for, I'm going to look for the guy, but then like, what's the goal? Just saying, you know, like there is going to be some ripples in the, you know, especially when you first make that transition. This is what you got to be ready for because I've heard this way who's going to say that the corporate you got to the corporate say, look, you know, we got the guys in the front lines. Like he's obviously off, you know, like he's not a decision-maker kind of thing. yeah, you got to know if you don't know why you're doing something, then what are you going to do when you hit an obstacle? Do you think that like, oh, you know, people will be like, this is my Do you think that falls within this like, you know, like reason, purpose and all this stuff? And I just kind of looked at him and sort of did the, you know, into the semi, not a full on fight stance, but I turned, you know, like a quarter turn and just looked at him. It's almost like, I mean, maybe I'm wrong here, but it's almost like you can't read, like, what's the thing? And the guy, like, he was like, I don't know. Jocco's version of the, you know, those days where you got to talk yourself into doing the workout or not eating, you know, whole thing or Oreos or whatever. You're like, oh, you know, I don't feel like cooking. And in this case, I don't know, you know, this guy, you knocked out a weird homeless guy in the middle of the road and find your family. Like right from the time that guy says go or, you know, when it goes down in the street, whatever. And you just do so ambiguous as far as like a, like an art and there's like this big spectrum You're going to aggressively like, hey, you know what? Guys end up feeling alone and they're out there and they're like, and the other thing is they feel like people don't understand me. If you have questions about that, or if you have like a corporate, you're going to bring 10 people, 12 people, 20 people from your company. And that's going to make you execute well because you know where you're going. Even though there are 145 or 150 pounds, and look like a nice guy with a smile on the face, when you confidently say, look, you know what I do for a living, I fight. Next thing you know, that's what we've got going on. Oh yeah, unfortunately it's the same thing with veterans just like it's the same thing in every aspect of life just because someone is a veteran does not mean that they are a good person and being at war is certainly not an excuse for bad behavior. Like, what's the, like, what are we going for there? So, you know, if you jump into a situation with him, it's kind of unpredictable in that weird way, you know. And you want to share this with your friend because they got a son that's going to college or you share it with your friend because they're going to college. And now you're going to freeze to death and we're going to surround you and you're going to kill you. Because if you're like, hey, you know, here's the, here's a good way to approach college. But you go out and you gather anecdotal information that you can bring back to headquarters and say hey you know what I know we're all doing a good job here. To help someone out and say, you know, I understand, you know, here's, let me enable your behavior some more and it might make me feel better. Like this, even dated a stuff like the way I'm seeing this right now, you don't understand. There's going to be, there's going to be a way worth way more what these little marginal things that you're cutting out are. It doesn't work if you, if you have a limited amount of time to win, you have to have, if you have a limited amount of time, which most cases you do, you have to have a default aggressive attitude and make things happen the way you want them to happen, not the way your opponent wants to happen, have them happen, not the way your enemy wants them to happen. You know, industrial companies, you're constructing companies, manufacturing companies that have, you know, can have people get killed if they're not careful. Same thing with you know if you're a corporate guy and you want to make sure people stay engaged. That's that's in a way, even though that might be like kind of like a passive game sometimes. So if you know someone like that, well, let's get those veterans from help if they need it and get them some support. They will hang on to that thing like, like, with the ghee in competition, somebody gets a grip on some part of your ghee. So so don't think it when you think I know you you want to think of the seal admiral as the war fighter. So that'll keep him in the defensive where he can't get his game going on you, you know, he's defending your game the whole time. And I'm like, what if we fought that guy, you know? But anyways, that's the same thing, you know, the guy could tell, oh, you want to fight? The good things, the good positions, the good details, the good promotions, the rewards, they're not going to come and knock on your door. We're just going to back up a little bit at a time, back up a little bit of time, back up a little bit of time, here comes the winter. And I think that it is hard for people that have an experience to understand and it makes people feel a little bit like alone out there. And if you're having a hard time, if you're having a hard time figuring out which day is workout day and rest day, you know, when you're, you can help configure that out. You know, whether it's just a little cut or a little brazen, you're going to have something. It was like, all of us big guys, you know? I know that you don't think you're going to live to be 30, much less 40, but you are and you will.