So that was like it that was a super difficult time and you know in part you sort of feel like you're letting your mentors down because a lot of people had invested a lot in me right Hopkins had taken me right year I was like one of the six chosen ones they only take six categoricals a year so now you're going to leave that program. They got bonuses like all these things happened that were a function of some of my brother was like you know he was like breaking every record at his law firm right like nobody could work as hard. Like you know, because you always feel that like, you know how likely you know you're gaining some weight or I mean a lot of times you know why you're gaining weight. I mean it was like being a kid in a candy store again because I got to go spend a whole summer in school again learning finance like learning all of these things that you know for some people might seem kind of drive but when you're like just dying to. Because, and Brian's one of these guys who's just, you know, he's just, he's like a Renaissance man, you know, like not only is a great surgeon, he's like a gifted artist. And I am pretty glad that I didn't have my first kid till I was 35, which on the one hand you sort of think, well, God, I'm so old, you know, like I'm not going to be, I'm not going to be like the 50-year-old grandfather, right? And I remember saying to like, you know the controller at this bank, I'm like, hey man, like it's going to be really hard to build you a model of losses when you don't have any historical losses. And I didn't want to leave California because, you know, four years in California, for the first time was, you know, when you know, you guys know what it's like. Like she was kind of like, you know, like all good leaders. I don't remember the exact stats but you're going to spend like you know 50 60% of your entire health care dollars and like the last year or two of your life I mean something as an I right Because like if you're in the military and you and I were working together, I would be like, hey Peter, you got to get, you got to get, you got to act like, what is it, what is it, whatever. So just through empirical testing in myself over the past year and a half, I've realized that an average blood glucose and this thing tells me every time I hit click, like it gives me my last 14 days, I just realized like for my average to be below 85 and my standard deviation to be below 10 is like super dialed in. And because I feel that way with all of my friends, like if Tim introduces me to somebody, like Tim's introduced me to like a dozen people, it doesn't amazing relationships have come out of that, right? And, you know, she's an example of someone who came in basically dead, but in situations like that, like, you know, I'm sure you can relate to this. But, you know, he knows that I'm not going to send him somebody that's not you know, going to be really interesting and going to benefit his listeners, not just, you know, whatever agenda that person might have. And you know, this would be like, if you asked the most junior guy, you know, to do something like, he, he'd be kicking his own ass to say yes. Like boom, I feel like when that happens, I feel like in lock on, there's almost no amount of sleep deprivation that will stop me from functioning and getting something done that's important on task, on time. And she's, you know, I mean, like, I gotta, I gotta sure hope I never have to know what she went through, because I can't, can't really imagine, right? They've gotten better now, you know, and some of those guys that committed horrible crimes, it, you know, kind of inspired the seal teams to step up that screening process as much as possible to make sure that we're not let guys through that are, that are deranged some way that are going to do something horrible like that. You know, if something's so strange, like not, you know, so I was like God damn it man. I don't know how to like, it's, you know, it's not like a war zone or anything. And there were you know a couple of attendings I'd become really close to who really believed in me and really said like you're going to you're going to do something really special and then to say actually I'm going to leave. Like I can pull an all nighter once a week, that's, you know, not that that's a good thing to do, but it was like kind of a confidence thing. But, you know, trauma patient, like you just wouldn't think to go to someone's funeral that you'd never known because like, I'd never known that boy, right? They could have figured out like, okay, the reason this person, like, acts like a lazy sack of shit is actually because of this. And and that's just one of many stories like that that happened through residency where I was like it's almost like we want to live in the 1950s here. You can almost guarantee that, you know, if she's living in where she's living, to get hit by a stray bullet, like, you know, she wasn't living in, you know, Roland Park. so I you know got a bunch of books on case interviews and I'd be sitting in the trauma bay waiting for bodies to come in I'd be like reading my cases you know case interview things before so that that's that was sort of the transition. I mean, but, but no, it's, yeah, you, you, you sort of like, you know, opiate's make you itch like crazy. Nobody could build as many hours like nobody could like crush it like he could and he was being rewarded for it now he ended up hating it he left he's now a public defender or he's prosecutor rather. So I started to, you know, even though it didn't seem like exercise, it wouldn't seem like exercise today at the time. oh my god like you know I remember the first time we learned what was called the efficient front here which is basically this differential equation that describes you know an investment philosophy. So the first observation is that when you look at a significant illness, like a completely disruptive insult, you know, cancer, you have pancreatic cancer, which means you're going to die, and you're going to die soon. And it was like, you know, Jockel is always like, yeah, 430. And so, you know, really it was just very easy for me to sort of take Kirk on his word that like, if Jocco's great guy, then that's all I need to know. I mean I could go after easier problems to solve where you can like you know get grants and you know just play the game and that's frankly what most people do in this space. And one sense the simplest organ in the body like it's really simple to understand what it's doing you know unlike the brain or the liver where it's just like. And so then when I, you know, went through my whole discovery process of figuring that out, it was only then that I really thought back and reflected upon, you know, the horrible way I had treated, not just that patient, particularly, but obviously many other patients like her. And so, you know, within six months, I could like walk like a reasonable distance again. Stuff like I missed math like I missed being an engineer and a few times I tried to bring that into medicine I got spanked right Like, you know, see you of like the bank. I'm like, you know, I, I carb load like a band sheet. And I, and I finally after being in the lab for two years, worked up the courage to ask him like how he, because he's like this guy who's going to win a Nobel Prize. And interestingly, you know, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, once they die, you know, so what happens is like, let's say a guy comes in, you guys been shot. And how helpful it was to, you know, get in our book out there and get in its old and all that and get in all these people on board and then, you know, that turned into this podcast, which, you know, he definitely has promoted the podcast and a fantastic way along with Joe. That's probably not good, but at the time it was just like, it was like, tick tax, right? And so, you know, if you take a per cassette, which would have 500 milligrams of Tylenol and 10 milligrams of oxycodone, you know, I probably was taking, you know, you start taking two, three, four, five, six of those a day. Did you figure out any tricks or any, you know, for instance, when I was going through cell training, and even my whole career, and even to this day, I take little power now, so if I'm feeling that tired, I elevate my feet, and I sleep for like six to eight minutes, and it totally returged me. so I looked into that didn't feel like I was already drowning in debt at that point in time you know you've got med school debt is sort of painful. So, so, but, but sometimes there's this gray zone where, you know, someone comes in who's basically dead, but because they had a little bit of a pulse on the way in the door, like we're going to do everything we can. you know it's all a mechanical problem like you know this valve doesn't work I don't remember that the police were pretty, good about trying to, make sure that, like, when someone came in and who was killed, like, if you weren't immediate family, you were not allowed there. I remember one of my buddies being like dude, we got to start buying houses in Baltimore because like there's so cheap and you can get them with no money down. Which when we're sitting here all well rested, sounds like a very callous thing to say, but all of a sudden, you're sort of like, damn it, man. There's one called like, I think it's called like no more. And like, I want to be like that, right? They, like, M-A-O-I's or T-C-A, so you have to go on a drug like nor trip to lean, which is an end of itself kind of a crazy thing. Like what are called these case interviews you're gonna flail so you have to actually put in some like work and study So this company, no foods, is putting this, like, making stuff out of this, but stuff that is like, carb-y, bread and waffles and muffins and stuff. And then similarly, like I could tell Tim, like, hey, you got to meet Jocco. But at the time the bigger issue was, you know just a great example of hubris that exists everywhere, right, which is one we don't like looking at data that contradict our point of view. Ten layers of complexity like that we kind of know what's going on with the heart and when it comes to operating on it It seems crazy to me like there's no other system where this would be the case like I couldn't think of another system where you just had this complete total lack of meritocracy. Like the coax, like they tasted so good, right? And like everybody there was like the best of their field, right? You know, sort of try to mimic what it would be like to be an operating room all night, not being able to go pee, not being able to drink, not being able to do this thing. I've got like a USA towel wrapped around my waist and hailing like I'm two-fisting burgers drinking my coax. You know, I mean, Kirk is, I don't need to tell you, but Kirk's one of those guys where like he doesn't have to justify an ask, right? and so we got into this huge fight and like you know I almost got fired. It's probably like the last three months about the difficulty of having to communicate to families when tragedies like this happen, which of course you should see a lot of as well in Philly. And I'm like the next one will be like exactly how I feel, I want to read it. And it was, you know, you basically had to go to a place like Hopkins, Bergman, Wobbans, in Boston, maybe Wash U, in St. Louis, was going to offer a very similar environment. And I was like, that book just, you know, that book along with another book by a guy and Richard Feynman called Shirley, your joking Mr. Feynman became kind of two of the most important books. And I remember seeing that it was a totally different world like their promotions seemed more merit based like they went up the ranks. So now I start to give a little confident in the idea so like the next night I'm like