And if you have like, you know, whatever goal, the supplements are going to like, they're going to help you get there faster, they're going to create less roadblocks, like injuries all this stuff, keep you, put you and or keep you in better health, like all this stuff, right? People have been asking me, and not to kind of, you know, how like some people they'll say that, they'll be like, hey, people, a lot of people been asking me about this, but it's like two people, you know, and they say a lot of people. And you know, for, and I've told the, I've said this something like this before, but if we got a bad guy target and we think the bad guy's going to be there, the first thing we're going to tell the guys to start planning. You know, if you expose the company or the person like, oh, hey, everyone, I don't know, you know, not we have, you know, yeah, Okay, I listen to the every day one because, you know, how like when you're like, hey, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm, I'm new. you're like your a genetic guy, whatever, you know, those be like, yeah, a genetic, your genetics are like good. Like, you know how, okay, I'm not going to mention this name, but one of my friends would be like, yeah, Yeah, that's advanced to kind of let them know that like, hey, I still like you and everything kind of thing. Every day, really, it not only does it like make you like fired up to keep going, but it puts it in perspective, you know? After the sixth tenth or the one hour of rolling, you're going to be like, physically, you know, like, dang, I'm done. It's not like the supplements you take aren't going to like get you in jocquishate, you know? I like the idea spreading the word because what's cool is, you know, you know, I get a lot of messages people saying, hey, thanks. I'm looking for like the answer kind of thing, not all of them, but that's kind of, I don't know, maybe it was just collectively, that's what it felt like. Let's say you were like, oh, you know, I know what a weight room is kind of thing. So, you know how like, okay, do you do, do you do any kind of like pressing or are you all any kind of lifting, you've been pull ups or something? You got to make, you know, I could easily just grab my tomatoes, go and be like, bro, you know what you sent me on a treasure hunt for your wine. But the way I kind I don't know, I could have been taking it wrong though, that it sounded like they were like, You're like, Bro, these guys are kind of like derrated or not, you know? Yeah, I'll feel like if you're running the the mile, you know, like in track, you're running the mile. It's going to be like all the other stuff, like Jimmy and hard work. You know how some days you're like, oh, I feel like flat. There's only the, you know, they say, well, you know, the thing is we get, people are trying to recruit our people all the time. You're going to like, oh, maybe not gone, you know? I'm like, all right, we're going to keep this going. So even if you just know you're covered, man, you're going to fight harder, because you don't have to worry about what else is going on. So not that case, there's a lot of people, probably like 20 people, which is a lot of people asking the same question, but I think people asking the same question. And to say, I want to get in good shape, it's like that's a completely different situation, you know? In the business world, the more deals that you see and you understand how they unfold, the better you're going to get with construction industry, the more walls you build, there are a little bit different, little things come out a little bit different. Of course we want to have determination and we never want to make sure they know that we're never going to let up, but you really want to be the one that keeps him guessing. When it's when you're prepping to get stuff done, when you know you got a long day, think about how good it feels when you accomplish a lot in one day. You know the boss isn't going to get the radio and say, you're going to have to be a blank left. And that's why I'm talking about this stuff because if you think about it, if you know someone's going to go to another company, let's give them some bad intelligence before they leave. When you look in the mirror, it's telling you good, like, you know, that whole thing. You know, when people talk about supplements, they grow, you're totally wasting your time because you can just eat good and eating enough of the right thing and then do everything that you're on top of is that true. well, I think it'd be, I would do it in an appropriate way, you know, I wouldn't be trying to set them up and make them look a bit say, hey, listen, guys, we found out that Bill, he's actually, he's actually still getting paid by X company over there. And like, you know, they're not, I'll, I'll kind of draw back on that a little bit It was like remember Baghdad Bob when we went into Baghdad and he there's American tanks M1 Abrams rolling in crushing and he's like, we've got the Americans on the run. and I told my guys, I said, hey, I'm not going to tell you guys when we're going to stop operations. I was like, oh, I know you got a bad temper. If I came on the radio and said something, it was like, everybody was, oh, the joc would just talk to, you know, life would say to me, joc on moving to building 48. Again, you know, you get to this point where, you know, as a, as a upstanding human being, let's be straight up with people. When, when you build that muscle memory of hey, I'm not going to talk and I need to look around and I need to be permanently proactive and make sure that I'm not going to hear anything. Yeah, it's exactly, you know, the workout, diet, rest, like all this stuff. And it might not be better instantly, but in the long run, you're going to be better off even with like a spy situation. Don't let the people explain it themselves because the idea that they're going to come up with is going to be the worst case scenario possible to take a magic. they're they're the good stuff for whatever, but so you kind of think, and I was thinking about this one, I was actually working out, and I was like, hey, to myself. Because just like GJ2, you are going to see these things from a slightly different angle every single time. And he told me he wanted me to stay and he told me that, you know, we're going to grow and he told me to never not put you right now, but he was following the future. You know, the day it comes in, you know, even this regular Amazon stuff. Just tell you feel, not necessarily that you want to keep going, but you could, you feel like you could. I like you know this enemy. But like, acrylic oil, for example, like that will keep you in the game way more in my opinion than it will. We're just picking up stuff and doing stuff and, you know, he's, you know, an iron worker by trade. We got him to like, so now you're going to have everyone that listen, scolding you. Not necessarily duct tape, but like books, you know, you want to get this one or whatever. And they're like, oh wait, they're like, oh, it's finding your face on your shirt. You know, he listens to a lot of like talks and stuff. And if you look like Sullen and Down Trotten, guess what they're going to think we're about to get warped. Is that, does that have to do with like, Are you saying like a senior guy? I think guys when we're done, well, you know, but just keep going. After like a little while, you really like four, five days. Treat them just like, you know where you see this is a lot of is when when we get acquisitions in the business world. So I'm going to actually retract my statement about using these kind of, you know, putting your integrity at risk. I was like, oh, I was like, hey, send that to me. And you find out or you get, you know, like information, whatever that that leads you to believe about that guy's a spy. So I'm in there playing this young seal officer going, excuse me, captain, hey, I'd like to talk to you about an operation. Worst thing you can do is like, like, because he'll keep it up. You know, we've seen those pictures where it's just like a bunch of dots when you look at it up close. You said small click like it takes like two seconds. You know, you guess your day was, you know, easier out on whatever. You know, it's like one of those kinds of things. But they're going to put it on that broad picture and it's going to fill in one little piece of information that they need. And whether it's this technology companies, whether it's financial companies, they're always trying to recruit each other and trying to get this guy to leave and they're trying to pull this person over every different, a lot of times I work with companies, they don't realize that all of the companies are like this. But keep the mentality of, you know, don't think about this is going to be the last operation. And you went through like, if you were to do that in a real situation and you stumbled, you didn't know what to do. You know, and then like how you're saying you put all the dots together The other day, shrimp tech, I took, we, we showed up to train and it was the kind of the, the pipeting training partners, you know, the guys that the big dog, yeah, the big dogs. And I think that's all I've got for tonight looks like we're pretty long to slide into Q&A right now. Someone who's doing because someone who's successful, you know, you didn't go back to old him five days later, you know?