You're like, you're kind of balancing because you want to be like disingenuous or like or fake to the point where they know like all this is fake. So if like a lot of times like girls, the lose all this weight and now they're like super attractive as they always wanted to be kind of like a thing, all the other thing is, what did you do? And also, like an example of that is if you were teaching a class and you said, hey, Jockel, come here and you know, I'm going to do this sweep on you and you do the sweep and like I would defend it immediately. You know, I, I usually try and pick a question that's going to be, um, you know, it's going to be impactful, right? And I think ultimately, just like how you said though, I think that in time, once you start learning the moves and as given the fact that you are rolling them, you know how some people they'll learn the move, then they'll go home. When I'm when we're in weird positions that no you like no one's ever been tapped out and they're like, I don't know how I just got to tap out. But it's this kind of thing where, you know, you just want to know the steps and you just want to apply him. I'm going to actually try and figure out like I want to know why you're so into it, man. And some people like like, I don't like to drill, don't enjoy it. It's like, it's almost like, almost like you can prove to other people. This, like, what, what you're going through right now, like, kind of a mood swing scenario. But the legit people like in your life are around you are going to be like, hey, what do you do? Like a lot of times, I feel like when people do good stuff for themselves, and make these big changes. You know that it works because your teacher is teaching it to you, but you didn't know like why it works. Like he grabbed my hand real quick and I was like, oh, he did that sort of like, I used to go for my whole story because you can go as fast as you possibly can to your holster. So it's like, and so, you know, we're there in the hospital for like a week, maybe two. You know, what's so like, like explain that to me. And you're like, I know I told myself I was going to work out today. I'm going to come back like, you know what, hey, talk to my wife. You got to explain why this person is being removed and just, you know, just like we just kind of learned from the opening piece about being direct and not avoiding the conversation, have the conversation, be straightforward. If all you know how to do is follow them, you will fall short and you will come into a situation where they're not going to work and now you're going to be done. And I mean, I know that the sealed teams is kind of, you know, we're a little different, but I saw it with the families. Like if you're, and you know those days, I'm going to speak from experience. So you've got to start getting the conversations going, talking to them, getting them, just like I said, closing the gap in the relationship. What I was going through, what you were going through, what, what, what, when, I remember like when, when, all, me, Grisard died, right? That guy was a dirt bag on you know, you because these people are, you know, some of them have relationship with them. This is the difference between like a normal Jetsu player who's by the book and, and then, you know, a person that creates the top level guys that are creating new moves all the time. But when you make the decision and you know it's the right thing to do, do it, get that other leader ready to rock and roll, explain everything very clearly, explain why you're doing it, and build, fill that gap in relationships that now it's going to exist. You seem to say, like, it's in complete instinct for me to stop that move or to complete instinct for me to grab your hand or stop you know, so that's the way that's the way it works. That's the good thing about like, you know, you can say I'm getting after it nowadays.