And you're going to hear this too when you, when you get off this podcast and people going to hit you up on social media, you're going to hear from young, so you're going to hear from soldiers and Marines that are going to ask you questions because they listen to this. I think that a lot of people, you know, you see the explosions take place with the IEDs and you know, the wars that we were involved in were, you know, the main weapon of the enemy was the IED. And he said to me, you know, I just don't know if I, you want to know if I made the right decision. And you know, life was, you know, he was, you know, the mission gets done and all that, but next day, life comes to me. You know, if you grow from six people that you know pretty well that you trust and all of a sudden you got to staff of a hundred people. So I got to fight career that I've got to push through and I can't just hey, look, I'm going to take seven months off here to get through this because I got bills to pay. Let's hit the turn where we know we're going to get right to the people that need us. When I got a Kevlar on, I mean, if someone's trying to snipe me or they're trying to shoot the mini machine gun and they see they're like, oh man, I got this dude. They were out trying to get after it and they got to a point where they said, hey, we think we know where these guys are. And I thought that that was probably the best opportunity for me because if I was going to try to then be a team guy, I was going to have to go into the Navy as a surface warfare officer. So it's a little bit different whereas in the Marine Corps, the leadership, you know, a very young age you're going to have 40 some Marines. And you know what's great as you know as I was talking to you on the way over here. So this is their way of saying, you know, hey, you know, go fly a kite. So that the game plan going in was hey, we're going to take van der Leif down a little bit in this fight and disrupt him. And so it got really difficult, but the one thing that stuck with them, that they could understand that they're perspective they got was, hey, look, if you quit on me, that's one less guy to man the post and top of this patrol base to keep this roadway clear. Like anybody hated it, but the friends I made there, the opportunities in the pathway to the Marine Corps, which still to this day, I don't know if I'll ever be as good at any job because I wasn't being a Marine infantry officer. When you can lead an initiative like that, it helps you feel like, hey, you know what I am? But you know, you got a school name like Jockel. That's a lot going through your head when you've got four vehicles, two tanks and aircraft you're trying to control as a 24 year old kid. And he says, you know, hey, hey, Jockel, he was tore up, you know, he was tore up his friends. Like what you just said, guys would say that stuff to me sometimes like, you could have gone left to right. You know, people have this idea that because you were a certain rank everybody's going to listen. Is there anything that you didn't expect that you wish somebody would have told you going into that first firefight for someone that's in basic training right now or at the basic school right now? Hey, I know we're going to work this today coach, but my butterfly guard is completely ineffective And you go around and you talk to different executives who are having trouble well, you know, you know, it's the millennials and what they do and what they do and this do. And I don't mean get them as in terms of hey, they're going to go and they're going to go kill that person. You're going to have to let your leaders lead and you're going to let the after let. I always tell, you know, sometimes my fighters will say, oh, you know, I'm not feeling it. Too many people said I was going to wash out that I was going to be exposed couldn't do it. And as we got settled and started identifying targets, and as you know, in that scenario, the acoustics and in the movement, the amount of people, we are the most precise military in the history of this planet. But if you're going to be a leader, you got to be able to receive that information and find a way to get better. And it was really tough because here I am, you know, I'm around these Marines and I'm around, you know, some of my buddies shot at it And in not cutting any corners like other fighters were at the time, but starting to figure it out and it all just came down to discipline where a lot of martial artists don't want to spend time. So, you know, my uncles, my aunts and my mom, the thought of me going to the Naval Academy is a big deal. And I'm going to really try hard to make sure that you know what I am in charge. And I got this a little lot of work, but when J.P. died, I found out, right before I had my last amateur fight, I was an infantry officer course. How much are you thinking at that time like, I'm going to go for this MMA thing? If you aren't finding a way to add value to your organization to your team every day, then you're wasting time, you're wasting money, and somebody's going to take that spot. Like, all right, he's obviously not going away. But, you know, we don't have the luxury of knowing what's going to happen to combat situation. it must, it's a miracle and luck and everything else because when the enemy sees a target like that, man, they just pour fire onto it because they know there's creating a total catastrophic situation for us. You know, I went there thinking, I'm going to be the next Roger Stover. And if you can't mentally be in the state where you're going to fight best that night, you got a problem and you're in the wrong place. And you know, when, when that comes out, we're going to grab a bunch of make it mandatory for these kids. I establish which vehicles going to be the tow vehicle for our down vehicle where the casualty's going to go. They know that they're there and ultimately going to make the final decision. I mean, we talk about a lot of things that we think we already know. Either way, there's a bunch of them know it's cool like that's not wake up in the morning. I don't know what, you know, where's numbers at? Well, you know, another thing I noticed in business world is a lot of people in the business world. If you don't start learning how to lead, you're going to have significant problems and it's going to blow up. Because that's the one thing I get hit with a lot is, you know, people say, how can we help veterans? So, you know, when Mark Lee got killed, it was Ryan Job who ended up dying as well, but he had been severely wounded. He, he doesn't know his time stables and is basically miserable, right? You know, sometimes you get this feeling your mind like, oh, man, my friends are out there dying. And you know, going through some legal stuff. You know, and realize that whatever I may be whining about or whatever I think is difficult at the time is a heck of a lot easier than it once was. And we're going to be, and we're going to work harder than anyone else in the battalion. If we don't do the little things right, it's going to affect the big things. You know, I mean, when you're a kid, the first thing you do when you pick up a stick is you shape it into a gun and start pointing it out your friends and trying to kill them. So I'm working every day, but at the same time, you know, I started this thing in MMA. And we literally, you know, we almost collapse off the tank and land on top of another guy and got them down. We were out there accomplishing the mission, helping veterans get legitimate jobs, careers, so that they can succeed and lead again, back here, home and in their communities, and watching it grow from a team of five to a team of ten to a team of twenty to our now we've got ninety six full time employees. Either way, you could be going into a bad day, but you better do it your way and on your terms. You know, I'm going to finish this. So, you know, us going through that tragedy together. I actually, I got another book coming out in the book is called The Way of the War Your Kid and it's a kids book. I think the fact that I'll go through the drill like last night, which is the first time and a long time that I did. And even out and you know, they were under heavy fire and that's when Mark got killed. So, you know, we've been going for a while. And for us, we're sitting there, we're going, man, we've got infinitely more training. And yet, you know, you and I have both, I can tell right now, basically completely aligned leadership principles. And you know, I wanted to give a little credit here to the mid teams because Travis was a mid team which is military transition team, which was okay. And ultimately what's going to happen is we are going to die. And I've got these guys who have 30 plus fights who are champions now taking the time to help me, which meant a lot to me. Conventionals, we'd go out to their outstations, we'd stop on a way to a mission, we'd stop by someone, you know, stop by wherever, wherever, some cops somewhere or some fobs somewhere, those guys are living rough. His brother was, was dead, his other friend was severely wounded, but what really got to him was Mark because, you know, he made this decision to go back out. It was, it was hard for both of us, man, because, you know, for gas, he lived, right? You know, got caught by one of the best strikers that have ever been in the game. You know, and for those of us who served and were in those great circumstances, or for those people, there's people that were in tragedies, where they were in car accidents. And in part of me when I made the decision thought for sure, I'm definitely going to come back, right? Yes, you're going to be a little limited during some of these training camps, but what you're able to bring to our brand is helpful right now in the future. At the same time, if a young second lieutenant doesn't make an effort to know his men, his aloofness becomes a drag and will hinder his ability to command in several ways. You know, because that was not the time to sit there and start to question my decision to my instincts and battle that it served me well up until that point. You know, they're families of a hard time making money and there's a lot of children get into. But what's greater than you do and send me in like, there's no way I can sleep through because one of the first track is called Wake Up and get after it because I think that really one of the easiest ways to start developing discipline in your life is to wake up early in the morning. They're confidence when they start dating and who they choose and how that, I mean, the way they're going to approach life. But you have to, you have to slow life down sometimes, gain perspective and realize, hey, look, this is going to take some time. No, and all honesty, you know, I thought for a while that I wanted to be a team guy playing football and trying to be a seal. So that way they don't have every single guy at all the best guy is quote unquote going to be Marine Corps.