And so this individual John Rae was, he risked his life to set up the safety zone and actually, you know, he was like I said, he was a Nazi, but he had spent so much time in Nanking that he had all these Chinese friends and you know, according to the background on him, you know, he's there in 19, he's been there for many years and I don't know what you got there, but he's not familiar with what's going on with the actual Nazi party back in Germany. So if you approach it in a way where things that even would be frustrating to like an everyday person, if you approach it like good, you know, I'm the one to do this thing, bring the challenge because the challenge is a good, you know, that's the approach that'll reinforce that way of thinking. A person like your brother or like your sister or like your mom or like your dad or a person like your son or your daughter. But when, when Mark breaks down, because he doesn't tell his mom what's going on, because his mom just is kind of, you know, she doesn't, she doesn't quite, you know, you know what she's going to say? Especially with the, I mean, this is kind of a specific to this story, but the the drugs, you know, when you take Medicaid, because that's a big one man, you can mess up your pre, even like how you said when you get off the drugs, you know, because these are all chemical things that you're made for certain things. He also kept a really detailed diary, which again, these, and this is, you know, part of a whole kind of genesis of this book is that, and I'll get to this later, but, you know, you've heard of like Holocaust deniers of the Holocaust and happened to well, it's the same thing with this event. And I didn't work out for a while, you know, I was like, you know, immersed in, I don't know, work out. When you approach things like that, you, you know how like you said, you're going down. So, you know, like when you get older, you know, you know, Alzheimer's. Even the good things that come in, you know, even, you know, when you get paranoid, something good and you're like, that's bad. You know, and it's almost like a mix between dreaming hallucinating and like, because, man, it's like your thoughts are all jumbled up. Now she has a son and her mom actually started putting some pressure on her and said, hey, you got a kid now, you got to spend maybe you're going a little overboard with the work back to the book on October 3rd, 2003, and an email I asked Iris whether she was putting too much emphasis on her career placing her career before her family. And I think a lot of people have these thoughts where maybe you've done something, like maybe you're routine for whatever reason is going over and over, like just real repetitive. Now, as she began, she assembled all this information, and she was starting to speak about it, starting to write some articles about it before the book came out, and she was interviewed by the San Jose Mercury News, which was a big newspaper up in the South Bay area of, you know, the South Bay San Francisco, and when she got done with that interview, she started getting a little bit of recognition. So when that part goes sideways, you can't like reason necessarily with someone, you know, they can't reason with you can't reason with yourself, you know, stuff that would seem obvious. It doesn't like jump out of the gates, but as it comes out, there's a little bit of a controversy about it and it's going to start to be some articles about it and some interviews and she's getting some interviews and the book starts to get some good traction. Here we go, quote, although Iris talked to us about her many book ideas for her next book, whilst he was writing our first book, her decision to write the rape of Nan King came all the sudden December 1994. Going back to the book here, one of the worst scenes, Nilsen's song, Nett Wilson saw Nann King, a scene he would remember for the rest of his life, a massive gang of, a massive gang rape of teenage girls in the street, a group of young women between the ages of 15 and 18 were lined up by Japanese and then raped in the dirt one after the other by an entire regiment. You're like, oh, but then if you do it again, you're like, I'm, you know, same thing. So that's something that I think and it's something that for those of us that are not in that situation, how do you pay attention and observe people and make sure that your friends or people you know or people that are in bad situations? So they had them captured inside the city and then they took them in small units of 30, 40 Chinese soldiers tied their hands and said, we're going to transport you and they did this all over the city at the same time coordinated and then took them out to different places outside the city and killed them. So yeah, you kind of got to, you know, like look out for somebody if you can see that happening. So, so Mark breaks down kind of, he won't tell his mom, but then uncle comes and his uncle's like, hey, we, you know, we're gonna hang out. My response was in order to know the light, you got to know the darkness. Like as soon as I said, I said, why am I saying that this book is awesome? They were like, her mom would say, you know, I want to, I want you to go exercise with me. So this is complete, you know, militant raising of children and what I want to note here is anybody that thinks, you know what, that probably produced some incredible warriors. That's good because it's like, you know, small little thing doesn't cost you anything as you always say. and they she sent the psychiatric unit because they hadn't found anything wrong with her physically which you know would include in my opinion that includes like she's not dehydrated she's not starving she's got some psychiatric issues. And now, as this book is gained all this popularity, now she's starting to get some attacks as well from, like I said, from the Japanese nationalists that are saying, oh, this didn't happen. so yeah, if you have me and while they're like, well, I don't know what time you're talking about. You don't want to, you know, be in a situation where you, you're going to go a little bit harder than normal, right? Here is one that describes, I think it's a good insight into what her personality was like, when she was actually writing the book. So there was people that said that, you know, some Japanese nationalists had said, oh, that didn't really wasn't really that bad. And back to the book here on the drugs that she was taken, we now know that a billify website warns that the drug can affect your judgment, thinking or motor skills as well as the side effects of increasing risk of suicide, drowsiness, anxiety and muscle stiffness. Instead of staying in America, he went back to Nan King to become a surgeon in Nan King and he was him along with John Rae, these were the guys that went out and set up this protective zone and did all kinds of, you know, it's sort of like a Schindler's list scenario. So that's, you know, again, this, this John Rae, you know, let's, let's, let's even in all that darkness. Well, I didn't know that it was water because it must have been like the similar temperature to what my body was at the time. And that spirit that you can see very clearly that spirit of the Niali carried on, which is why when this book came out, this book, the rape of Nan King, when it came out, there were still Japanese nationalists that were staunchly against it. Like, people do know. He starts to get to understand the situation that they're going into and he gets told that they're going to be when they take Nanking, they're going to have about 300,000 Chinese troops to deal with. So she feels the same way that she's starting to, this book is almost becoming more powerful than she, you know, more than she can control. You know, if you take a, like that's clearly, I mean, you look at, look at Iris Chang. So, if you're like, hey, I'm gonna, okay, this is what it is for those who don't know. You know, wasn't that big of a deal that we know, there was some killing. As they're growing up, we know that we also know that it's hard to be a kid. And I will discuss her fate in a book that was written by her mother, Ying Ying Chang, in a book called The Woman Who Could Not Forget. Why is a young person like you interested in an old man like me was his response? Now, you know, people talk about people say, oh, it's a game changer.