Like when he talks about this modern warfare of, you know, and even when I talk about like, hey guys going out the turret, you know, guys going out on the operation after operation in the money, sometimes you know, guys would think they're going to die. And when those guys came over again, a bunch of great dudes, you know, I talked to him when we got home and then they got home and one of the guys a good friend of mine and he came and worked with me in the training department and you know, we would have that conversation a couple times where, you know, Mikey Montsore got killed, you know, September 29th and those guys were now coming on deployment a week, maybe two weeks later to come over and start getting a turnover from us. Like we did into you, Bruser and those guys, I was friends with good friends with a number of the guys in there and and so we're late and the other, you know, all the guys we had friends that were back, you know, back in the in that task and that was coming to relieve us and it's taking what you're saying and multiplying it times a lot because when we went to Ramadi, we weren't really sure, you know, oh, You're not, maybe not specific, but no one's going, oh, you know, I'm really, you know, I'm really, you know, believe me, we get guys that think they're going to die every 10 that go out. But that is just, you know, I've talked about World War I, I don't like World War I, I don't want to fight World War I because you know, as a matter of a tactician, you are, you are just going to charge and it's going to be horrible. And dupeak, like many other great military leaders, especially ones that I've seen to like, use a little bit of a rebel, spoke his mind, kind of like, kind of like hackworth, kind of like patent. Not only you not know what the opponent's going to do, you don't know what passes are going to be caught and dropped and what the ref's going to call. He was like, that's, he said, that's not going to happen to our guys because we had a bunch of, you know, bad ass studs because that's not going to happen to our guys. If it will modern combat, you know, little ditched to hide and find a little doorway, you're going to get into, especially in this kind of, you know, this is a little bit pre-world war one, obviously, but they're still charging, right? It's like when you're on a plane and you think this plane, you know, if this plane crashes, you know, a big commercial plane jetliner or whatever, I think I'm going to live. So he's talking about you know what and Tony said this and this is a common team guy thing to say you know I would rather die than look like a pussy and it's like Well, here's something like if there's music on certain things, like you like to listen to certain, like, you know, you hear a speech. So you know what, hey, we're starting, I'm just going to surrender, but give up on the, you know, you're not going to fight with that same kind of bigger. And we got to pay attention to guys that get combat fatigue and it's going to get, you know, guys will get scared and it's going to break them down and all that. Like we get to a pre staging point and now you're waiting to go, okay, you've got all the stuff going through your mind, what if this happens, what if this happens, what if this guys moves, what if they do this, you've got all this turmoil going in your mind. The only way you can know what's going to happen in a war is the war happens and things are going to happen that you will not expect ever and you got to deal with. I'm going to, you know, I think I'm going to live like if you fall out of the plane. And World War II going on to go on to a beach going on where you're, you know, we're going to take 40% casualties first two waves. It's what it feels like, you know, I'm going to stick with that for right now unless it, you know, produces roadblocks. You know, so it's like, oh, man, this one really, like I'm feeling this one, you know, so all let's make that one into a video. You know, that means you're looking at your body like, okay, one of us ain't going to make it or one of us is at least going to get wounded bad. Yeah, because so it's kind of like if you make them not want to fight, they're not going to really want to fight or not going to fight. And you know, we had swims that there's a like, you know, a strong ocean current going the opposite direction. And by the way, it's not just you that doesn't know all your little, all your other people in the C-suite, they don't know what's going on either. Step number two we add good arms we add methods of fighting suitable to these arms and those of the enemy and which do not overtax the physical and moral forces of man so you gotta give them good weapons and the weapons have gotta be easy to use and suitable for the enemy that you're going against. It's like you're part of like, you know, when you see a like the movie, no country for old men. And he's like, you know, when you're in a bad situation and you're confusing a stronger enemy, you can just count on the guys are going to run away. I mean, modern modern surrenders, you know, they take place almost like a formal, yeah, you know, you come in your general comes and surrounds signs the paper So, you know, when I talked to my buddy that was the senior listed guy, you know, he, he, I said, man, what was that like? What it was, he said, you know, if I ever didn't put him on the forced list of the guys going out, he'd come to me like, what's the problem? but I think, yes, I think once I think once you get to combat, because there's, you know, there's times where guys that obviously are seals made it through buds, they don't want to be in combat. We got a lot of stock and you would actually know that you need it because deadlifting, you know you need that 8,000 pound increase, which by the way is guaranteed. You know we did some, you know for us the US military, we're going against a gnarly enemy. And just standing there watching it waiting for him to go down so you can step up and by the way, you know, like you know me. So in war, like, if you're, like, on the save of our own, and there's a small little clip where the guys are like surrendering, and they still shoot them. The only way you do, you do know what's going on is by being really proactive and finding out what's going on. So you might think like, well, they got goods 360 security and that's why it's good or without their, you know, unit that's easy to control. And and I guess part of that a little 10% of that was like, hey, if I do get killed, whatever, I could go, you know, this is this kind of a good way to die. So he's a guy that like, like, I don't know, that's just the way he dealt with it. You're not going to know everything that's going on. Like, um, you know, obviously protein powder and stuff, but they'll have like wellness stuff though, uh, multi-bite, but they have toothpaste. yeah, I know, but you know, so let's find out who we got to take care of, get them some rest or whatever or do our best. This is the, like, I'm not going to buy women's t-shirts for myself, you know, but I'll just browse this distance. You would think even though buds guys died, but yeah, but very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, what I mean, so it's like chances are I'm not going to die today. And my favorite example to compare that to is you know a guy when we were in Ramadi, you got the guy that's the lead turret gunner going out and up a troll in a Humvee. People in that question, you know, three of them is on it stuff for real, is that for real good, you know, and what do you take? Security, just like a quarter back, what's going to make him calm under fires when he has good defensive people keeping the, oh, line, the old line keeping the, the, what the defensive line at bay. You know, basically came on the podcast and we said, you know what, we got to get you in the game. Yeah, it's just how, so it was, it probably wasn't the kind where he really did want to go home, but like how you say in the earlier, the culture kind of, I don't know what's inside of his head. Like, they got through bud's training that, you know, I'm tough kind of thing. Those guys instinctively, they're getting close to the enemy, they slow down, they check their flanks, they check that they're good to go, they check that their buddies are behind them, now we're going to go forward, because, and I think that's important because it says, in order to be more masters of their movements, they're slowing down so they're ready. So you can use the zombie bells kind of like your, you know, how some guys I think it was you. And I go, hey, man, I want to get you on, you know, one of these early plans going home because fuck you. You know, got some paranoid brothers that'd be like, and I don't feel good about this one. When you know about tying and stuff, is that do you think that they really feel that it's not going to happen to me? But what I love about that is when I read stuff like that, I think about all the people that that know nothing about anything that we're doing. Because the more we train control things, the less control we're going to have in these matte modern combat and it business and in life the more constructive you are that the more rigid you are, the less control you're going to have. And you know, I was never exposed to the kind of things that these people were going through. Okay, I can say this, we made mistakes, but we, you don't know what's going to happen in war, right? So you say, like, oh, you think these guys are going to go out and just do what you tell them to do? If you have some weapons, but you don't want to be the one guy like, you know, the sacrificial guy that does the first attack. and then you start going on operations and you realize, yeah, this is this is this is going to be a long deployment and the chances of us making it through this deployment without suffering any casualties is actually zero. And even for me and I've talked about this, you know, like people always want to ask about sea old training. And you know, Dan Gable, I think I forget the exact quote, but you know, the great American wrestler, Dan Gable, conditioning is the ultimate equalizer. Well, when, when they say, when the guys are like, oh, it's not going to happen to me, right? And you know, you, you have your little thought of, you know what, maybe I shouldn't work out. Yeah, I remember thinking about this, the guys that came in relieved us in Ramadi, select the next task you that came over who were a bunch of great guys and it been a long time since seals had been in sustained urban combat like that and suffered pretty significant casualties. We've got to have our troops know what's going on. You know, we've got radios that are going to travel longer distances. It is necessary for him to know how to use and take care of his weapon to know how to move the right into the left forward and back. People ask me, and not to kind of like, how I say, you know, a few people. You know, very slim, very few people usually when people die in buds, they have some kind of a pre-existing condition, with they have some kind of a heart trouble that didn't get picked up and they have some kind of brain trouble and all of a sudden the pressure of water or whatever they, they unfortunately get killed in these horrible situations. You know, there's no, they were just a hundred a thousand percent training because we'd send him back, hey, make sure you're in good shape, make sure you can run, make sure you can do body carries, make sure you, because they're running on the beach, you can do a buddy carries all the time. So you see that, again, see someone in a street fight, coming up and getting in your face and you just like, like, oh, really, you want something, immediately will demoralize the attack. Now I'm going to close out this piece of battle studies right here for going to August 15th, 1870. Again, it's pretty cool that, you know, I like first person accounts of things, right? You know, they don't think it's going to happen to yourself. I'm a little nervous about saying that, but it's going to stay in stock because you know what? Remember, the first Iraq war when the guys were like, so finding anything they could that was going to happen. So I want to make sure that I'm not making it sound like the lead turret gunner is sitting up there going out tonight. And I go, okay, so you know, we're going to launch or something in our little hut. You know, you're going to be all right. And, you know what, he did 10 more deployments after that deployment, you know what I mean?