And you know, certainly, you know, when you say that other people, you know, will be able to find absolutely, I mean, just me reading this, I found all kinds of not just inspiration, but practical guidance, which, you know, one of the things you just said is practical guidance on, you know, someone that's been through what you've been through, there's so much that everybody else can take away and learn from. Well sir that's I don't even know how to respond to that thanks again to Ryan Summers for linking this up it has been an absolute honor thank you for coming on thank you for writing this book thank you for talking to us today but more important thank you for your service to this great nation thank you for stepping up and going forward into the fray over and over again. Thank you for your incredible determination and discipline and your unrelenting will not only to survive but to do so with honor and with dignity and with humility and finally thank you for giving all of us all of us an example to follow and for reaffirming to us that despite the darkness and the evil in the world and despite the discomforts and the hardships we face and the challenges that all people must confront despite all that thank you for making sure that we remember without question that it doesn't matter if it's raining or snowing windy or calm sunny or overcast every day is a gift every day is beautiful and we will remember that and so until next time this is Colonel William Reader and Echo Jeffeted Some jacomic nuggets little excerpts of the podcast that you know little lessons if they don't want to listen to the whole thing you know two hours or whatever they can listen to short short little nuggets if you will. But doing that mission, controlling that aircraft, dealing with that emergency situation is best I could and going through the whole process, I don't even think there was a thought of life or death or am I going to make it or not make it. and I think that's important too, because I'm thinking now as we're talking, and I don't know if we're going to get to that specific part in the book or not. So you saw the North Vietnamese Air Force pilot get shot down and you call back to base to say I'm going to go cover for this guy when they try and rescue him and they tell you know. This is three-six taking fire from four o'clock, taking fire everywhere, taking fire, taking hits, going down, panther going down. But you know, who had really good decentralized command was the tanks and the tanks that we worked with, they would come and they had pretty good control over what, you know, I'm talking the tank commander. Yeah, that's one of the one of the most interesting things for me about doing this podcast and we're again, another thing we're talking about is there's so many, you know, I didn't know about that battle and I'm a pretty decent student of military history. At this point, when I got right to the border, just before we got into the trucks, I was married up with a second group of South Vietnamese prisoners, senior officer, South Vietnamese prisoners. So he's got, you know, bullets, probably bullets, water and food, maybe at this point, just bullets and they need to get that gear down to the guys on the ground. And you know, kind of what I told my guys and the way I felt myself was, okay, I know they're out there. When we got back, you know, there was several who would have strangled some of those peace committee guys, especially some of our special forces guys were captured with us. By the way, a lot of guys that listen to this are in the military, a lot of law enforcement, but there's a lot of civilians that don't know everything that I'm talking about or that you're talking about. Yeah, we were really, even though we didn't consciously know it or talk about it, we didn't have the feeling that we were home free until that moment when the pilot came on it said because yeah, the missiles couldn't shoot us down. Now once again, you had some time on station, you did a bunch of shooting and running and gunning, you had to go back to reload, refuel, and I'm going back to the book now on our way back to Benheat. This day it had been head, of course, this is going to turn into the day, the day that we're getting to here. Yeah, he got touched when I got a contact me and said, I think it was a letter. I got all this sour belts as going on and then we got that air strike. And going back to the book, we continued after day after miserable day. He was going to trade it for something for his own benefit when he got to wherever he was going to get to. And as a matter of fact, you call this chapter chapter 12 in the company of heroes with all these other Americans that you know, you told me on the way over here and you talk about it in the book. One time going back to book, the guards start screaming, be num, hey, be num, hey. And when he finishes telling you the story of how what he'd been through up to that point, I'm going back to book, I looked into his eyes and saw a troubled soul. I also grabbed a whole to the 23rd Psalm and when stuff got really close to being blown to smithereens a few times later on in my captivity, that 23rd Psalm was going over and over again in my mind too. I knew that this horrible trip of walking every single day and not knowing how I was going to survive through that day. and then I got so angry and aggravated with this son of a bitch that ended up being my interrogator from his initial soft cell as you said but his first words he showed up he's only got spoken anglicence. And now the whole time I was captured down in the jungle, we got a ball of great, a great fruit-sized ball of rice in the morning, a great fruit-sized ball of rice in the evening for our food. If this would have continued over time I'm sure that he could have got me to do something with his brutality probably nothing that would have given him any useful intelligence but he might have got me to do something. When I got to Hanoi, got into the prison of plantation gardens, I met these other guys and they had the truly incredible heroic stories to share. So at this point, I'm jumping ahead a little bit to a situation where you've got and I'll go to the book, tanks in the wire at Poli Kling. And, you know, one day was, hey, hey sir, why are you, you know, why are you run barefoot? This is interesting going through this and all this detail again, because when I wrote the book, I had to revisit everything in detail, like I had not done since it happened to me. And to close out the story here, you say in the book that you greet your children at the time, you greet your children every day with good morning. And I grew up going to church as a kid, but I wasn't overly religious guy and somewhere around college, I quit going to church altogether. Yeah, it was, you know, the hewie was designed and went to Vietnam and most of us, more or the hewie, the hewie took on a gun mission though, that Vietnam, we saw the utility of guns on an aircraft. The one thing I want to point out though is going back to the book. So again, this is fast forwarding a little bit through the book and by the way, I didn't mention the name of the book yet. Anyway psychological warfare if you're a running into trouble if you're getting you know you're trying to work out and you know you feel weakness And as I got into that march, I was wondering how I was going to get through the first day. They got the camp medic and came over and I got some shots of penicillin. And that's what, like you said, that's what keeps the spirit going and keeps you on the same side of things as to have fun with it. And those I wrote right after I got back, the book was written just in the last several years with those eight steps for survival. And we had planned, even in that first jungle camp, had planned and escaped from there with Wayne, but it was because of my poor condition, Wayne said, let's, we're going to wait till you get some strength through this But one of the things that struck me is I'm in the beginning of your book and you're talking about how you got shot down on your first deployment. I also, I think I mentioned the book got a horrible case of heartburn at night, too. And then, you know, you got time. And I think the answer is, I don't know, but in that answer is, I don't know. Next to me, the officer sat up and holstered his pistol, by the way, you had the guy drawn his pistol and held it to your head to make sure he was going to escape during the B 52 strike. You know, one of the similar things that I always felt was, you know, when I rack one of the biggest threats to us was IEDs and they're random. I was thinking, because when I showed up at C-1, I always joke about this, I thought I was going to the Vietnam War in 1991 when I got there. Now those are the guys of my cell and I don't know if you got any of them. Yeah, elements of two North Vietnamese divisions with artillery, with anti-aircraft weapons galore and with armor going into the camp and there we showed up with our two cobras to do what we could do. I want to just before we jump into the book, if you could just talk a little bit about you growing up what you did, what you were like, where you were. I was going to ask what did you eat the whole time, but just rice on the whole time? This whole thing is a series of unfortunate events who's going to want to read something like this. I didn't want to do a book focused, you know, this happened to me story Anyway, other inspirational videos put some music to you know you know people seem to enjoy. He was hard to get to know, but in time he began to open up to me and share some things about himself. While you're clicking through Amazon again pick up this book right here there you go pick up this book through the valley my captivity in Vietnam by William Reader. So many of these combat missions with cobras in Vietnam and that day and age, we would get launched out of our base and we'd go out and make contact with people and it was pretty much up to the pilot and commander, the air mission commander, to decide where he would go and how he would support and what was the hottest fire in town that needed help. They're going to hit you or they're not going to hit you. I walked to as long as it takes, reached down deep, got to go, keep going. You know, I was that, how you were, but I was a little off, you know, historically. Now you get into another camp and I'm going back to the book. I just heard the whole book read and one of the decisions that I made was one of the things that you do in here is this is a book about you. When you're going your second deployment that you said, yeah, the first couple operations we've done here, they've been pretty exciting. They said, you know, once the guy stopped shaving, right?