But so that learning curve was fast, but then it, but I also to kind of emphasize what you're saying and I look at it, when you said, you know, your first like platoon, you know, like 20% and then your second platoon, you know, for me, because I have four kids, it's very similar to what you learn with kids. Some of them are like, hey, for myself, you know, kind of like what you were saying like, I feel like I, I can't do it. And so the, you know, like I put my officer package in, but let's say like 20% of me was like, you know what, this is just a means to it So yeah, if you don't know, it's, you know, when you have moments of weakness, if you're what, getting up early in the morning, tired, tired, on a press, news or whatever, or you're going to, you know, you're about to work out, but you'll skip the workout because you're not feeling like it. But I mean, it was, I mean, I looked at these guys who had been in SEALs for like five, six, seven, eight years or there was like a Vietnam vet walking around like you're just, I just wanted to breathe the same air as those people. You know, it's weird to you as an, and I, you know, for guys that like you and I that are full on institutionalized in the military, it's almost like, when I was in, I didn't understand other options. You know, uh, so I went through the last, you know, the troop commander from that troop was like, hey, we're, you're going to come over. You know, that you talk about that mental judo thing, which, again, this is one that's going to be hard for civilians to understand how much, you know, it's like a bureaucratic force that exists in the military and really you have to be, you have to be able to to navigate through that. And so for us, all of a sudden, in a very quick learning curve, you know, you spend two weeks on deployment, you had more combat experience than, you know, than anybody else in the sealtains at that time, you know, other than the guys that were deployed right before you, but you had that's how quick the learning curve was. Like, I don't know how many times you have to go and not only present the brief that like talked to the guy who's going to say yes or no and develop that relationship. It is, it is like, for most guys that come in on a high school, because we're in your high school, you know, even if you're working at Wendy's, yeah, like I did, you're only making whatever 425 an hour in that amount. But you know, I know I could tell you exactly what rolled you for filled, you know, as a leader, but I don't know where you would have broken out on an orc chart. But yeah, that like you said no doctorate, then finally we had, you know, the trade at East Coast West Coast and, you know, sharing information and coming together and lessons learned and all that stuff that I think largely professionalize the force from a paperwork perspective, but has impact on the battlefield as well, too. I mean the platoons would count or like, you know, the SEA would be like, hey, we failed in warfare where you come out to Nalum with us for the ORE. I mean, it's awesome when guys that were experienced would come through like yourself, you're just so good to have guys like you coming through, especially because you were super experienced, really good tactically and super humble. I mean, like, where, I mean, where the, I did 20 years, one of my buddies is like, I said, hey, man, yeah, It wasn't like you were out there like, no, you were like, oh, this is awesome training. And history, just, like, like you said, the Vietnam guys, like they were just timed out. My body, like my ankle, I almost had to medit back my self out a couple of times, like roll my ankle extremely bad on an offset patrol in, like laying on target with my foot up in the air. And so we all realize, you know what, you're going to have to use that battery and keep track of how long you're using it for, because you don't want it to fail, but you're going to get, you know, 12 or 15 or 25 uses out of this thing. I know, I know we haven't really seen a bunch of each other in the last few years, but I think it's been like five years. I would say somebody commented, because I said the other day on, I, I forget, I don't know if we had someone on the podcast, but I was saying that, like, when I'm flying in an aircraft in a commercial airliner, I think if this thing crashes, I'm going to live. You know, it's from, like I said, going from conceptual shooting at paper targets and training hard and realistic to to be in on a two-way range for the first time. It's good waves, but like when you're 150 pounds, you know, in your 17, 18 years old, I've just really wasn't into, you know, fighting for waves. Like, ever, I've heard you say before, and I know we have the same position, like the default move should be aggressive, drive forward, not away. You know, when you look at the various reasons that a person could choose from, why you said like, you know what, I'm not done. I'm, like, at the 18 year mark, I told one of my close friends, I'm like, yeah, man, I'm, I'm going to retire at 20. You know, I'm like, yes, like I'm so happy to hear that. Yeah, it like we were going back and forth over text, I think took off like wildfire. Because friends, you know, other guys that we both know that I've talked to, they have, you know, various reasons. There's the ways that you got to play, you know, mental judo, you know, and interacting with people and to see these young guys who had no experience and afraid to, afraid to not probably the best word, but has it tended to make decisions. It's interesting how you talk about that transition from like, from training, which what we all lived, there's very few people that this is another thing that taught people, it's hard for people understand about, especially about the early days of the sea of, well, for us the early days, the sealtains is, there was so few people that actually had combat experience. I think I went and got my DD2 14 or like my retirement ID card like a year later. I mean, like, I'm not saying that it was going to work out great for me, but I'm going to die missing my fingernails because I'm clawing my way to a victory. So you know, whatever, you know, you're making like 80 bucks every two weeks. You know, you know, when you, it's like, it's not just sodium. Like, well, you know, with years which got to do and you got to get on the risk of earth. Because it was relatively early in the war, you know, given where we were at that time and they wanted to have all the doctors, all the residents come in, they're like, hey, can they come in and check out the wound? And so I just kind of started going out there again and then like, when I went out to Nylon, when they won the troop failed their land warfri, when I went out with them and tried just to try to go and do smart stuff, they got them out to release some, give the leadership some distance space. But nowadays in our environment going too far is beneficial because you have this like other goal that your body in a way doesn't really know about. And you only learn that with time in the saddle, like it takes experience to understand like, okay, I can use this lithium battery that probably costs $9.00. Exactly, which is really, which is really exactly what you're doing the teams, you're like, hey, you know, one cruise wonder, go show that new guy, what's up, because you don't have to do it anymore, and you want them to learn the experience. And I just like, yeah, I told, I told the, I told the chief a senior chief actually that was kind of calling me out like butter bar and at when I was at team two. Like, I'm going to be the biggest warrior ever and like, I was flat on my back. Because so by the way, so just so people understand this LDO thing, which by the way, I don't know if you know this, but it's completely gone. Let's talk about, let's talk about, you know, give us your basic background, you know, tell us about going up and Santa Cruz, what's up Santa Cruz? Yeah, seven years will be being, and speaking of purpose, that controls, we know you have one purpose, and that is to kind of inform anybody that might want to support this podcast, you know, on how they might be able to do that. And you know, a lot of people always, a lot of people ask about, you know, when you're injured, what they ask me, what are you doing? And like, and then I'd catch them later on in my cookies and they're like, oh, I got it. Like the pelvis, I don't think I would have survived that one if that would hit me because there's an AK from like three times the distance from me to you right now. And, you know, this, the skipper wanted to send me there and then the troop commander had a great relationship with and they were short and officer here and there so I'd like, oh, maybe I'll just go out to sink my island for a little bit. And I mean, honestly, like, I won't say that it saved me, but it helped, it helped me back on the road that I should have been to have a purpose like that. But yeah, you want to talk about, you know, you watch all these movies where you know, guys are just getting drilled and they're running at it. So we are, you know, like less than two months from deploying to Iraq for the first time, none of us had ever been in combat, but not one single person, zero, not one single person in my siopton had ever been in combat before, including our task in a commander, no one. I could come to him the day before, but like, hey, we're looking to do a naces like yep, no problem. And then you could talk to the guys like down at team three, they're like, oh, Something like I'm going to know three either. I was, I mean, I look relatively young and they're like, you know, later on. And I go, well, you know, you know, senior, you got to understand, and since run the Navy, and he, he is, he went the thick ways. And I'm certainly not the smartest guy in the world, but like I should be able to add two plus two and you know, maybe multiply that out a little bit Usually, usually I tell a cool story, because it's not like, hey, take a cruel oil and then I don't take cruel oil, or I take it in and I'm like, whatever this doesn't work. I mean, I did my job, but like, I'm not a paperwork, you know, ninja and all.