If you're insecure about it, that's when it's going to be, because you can be like, there can be, okay, you know, let's say guys have a receding here like, and they're like, oh, I don't care about that at all. But yeah, if it's alive, Q&A, you know how like at like the mustard or you know, when you guys, okay, we're going to do some Q&A. I mean, passively I did because I liked certain creative things and that, you know, materialized for sure, but actively, like consciously, I was never, you know, I was certain people they're like, I want to be at architect for sure. But if some people are complaining, you're going to are you're going straight up like every row is ADCC on the line like for death, you know, kind of more in that direct. So it's kind of like, it's like an official way to kind of jump in the game, you know, you know what I mean? No, but here's the thing, but sometimes you do, because you know, and you, sometimes it's like a weird like mental problem, but, you know, girls, for example, I'm not saying all girls, but I'm gonna totally generalize right now. There's like a mediocre level of niceness that's like, okay, that seems like he's melal, but if you guys mean like too aggressive or too defensive or too nice, they can tell. You know, I want to if I want you to be competitive because I want an accurate look of what it's like to roll with juggle or a guy like juggle big, strong, good at you. Chef and Richie, they're like, hey, you know tomorrow night because I went rolled the first night at their fight fit and the the first night, you know, we trained a little bit, you know, what we were hanging out It's like when Jody came on, Jody came on, like after we were hanging out for like an hour, he's like, yeah, man, we're not just coming down. And I know a lot of times if there's family history and certain things is like, they know, you know, and they wind up doing it a lot of times. Somebody asked me some dead serious question, like a very serious, you know, something that's emotional to me like about losing guys or something like that. I've heard guys like they go to parties and they'll do like dips or push-ups before they walk in because like, so they're like more pumped. And the thing is, I don't know, you know, you know, the guy having met or whatever, and you get that feeling like that guy's representing. I'm not going anywhere that's a human right that's a human that's a sentimental value it's like my house that I live in you're not going to take my house for me like if you if people came to try and take my house away from me. Or even guys, especially like if they're into like their physique or something like that, were, I don't know, they're at a party or so. So people will like, hey, XYZ, make that into a shirt or you know, hey, you said to make that into a shirt or they'll just come up with their own thing, you know, prioritize X-X out But going but we're going like you know we're just going we're flowing. Was that a junk episode kind of thing or something like, did I not, you know how you, you're good at explaining stuff and simplifying them or whatever, maybe it was like an attack on matters. Like, that even necessarily saying, you know, romantic or boyfriend or friend, any kind of relationship, if you know the person really well, you can tell on something's off just a little bit. It's not like I'm going to pull like if it's your muscle or something like a straightened injury. And clearly, you know, when you lose someone that's close to you, see the reason I guess the reason that I didn't think of this is because in the teams, you kind of like, you guys get killed, you know. Lean towards supporting the chain of command because because the guys are going to know when you give them that little, little pressure relief, you say, hey, I know this is this is a little bit of a strange plan. Let's like in every day thing, you know, like people they'll drink coffee every single day. If he wouldn't though, he would be like his flow would be like a fast piece and you could even try to hold them down and he'd just be like flowing flowing flowing flowing you'd get you in a good position. Anyway, you know, they'll get that kind of where they'll be like, oh, I'm, they'll think that, oh, I'm not looking very cut up for something like that. If you treat them like robots you're they're not going to work for you they're going to they're going to rebel against you the robot will do with the robot is told but people on robots. I think you can create a like how you present this and what parts you think are important right are going to be slightly different even if the person is the same interest is there it's going to be different. If I say hey I really don't feel like reading this book you know I don't feel like reading this book for the podcast can you read this for me. You hear that talking police, you know, like cops have like good in, in the first. It helps actually, this is like for real help night and night where if you look at that end exit strategy as like a, you know, a goal or whatever. If you spend one year doing something, focus, like, hey, I got to get, could even something like, I'm going to play the piano. You know, you say, hey, look, guys, I know the boss is not exactly perfect, but I think he means well, if what he's trying to do, and that way, we need to focus for that reason, we need to focus on executing. You know, like, because a lot of times, you don't want, I don't know. You know, like my, you know, you can be strong, but when you got your elbow jacked up from being strong, really. If you fail, like if it's like too much or it feels like too much or that guy's there to just nudge you, as much as you need. And it makes total sense when you're in the situation though, you know, like you can't just detach and be like, what are the red flags that it's all you're too busy missing the person or whatever your disaster. But it's like, I think it's like oxytocin or something where it's, it's basically something that's what I'm going to, but you feel this bond with this specific person. You know how like the cop can tell like, oh, this guy's being too nice. You know what now that you mentioned it and some people that are like that they have like an on and off switch. You know, they'd be like noodles, you know, especially when you're a partner, right? Because it seems like, okay, all that paperwork, it's almost like the paperwork was like an affront, dude. But then you start having the American socialist party that telling you that communist are good and all the sudden kids over there going, hey, look, I don't even know what's going on. If you were seeing those before, they, they make jelly beans that taste like puked the taste like what like on purpose. And that McMaster really McMaster really understood really understood this fact and and you know I'm giving a lot of credit to McMaster but there's a lot I mean there's way more guys that I'm talking about than I don't have them not going through their names but there's a lot of guys that contributed to this idea and didn't outstanding job. Like when you put your weight on him and he would just like like jellyfish. They need to get right out of it and do another you know like he was really good at flowing to the point where you get kind of tired because you're moving so much. You know that when you get new crill oil, like I get it now before I run out, you know? You know, don't ever say listen to him say like, hey, let's just get warmed up because he's not going to do that. There's a reason it's called an L shaped shaped like an L you have a, you have a fire, a base position that's going to put down fire on the target and you have from the new element that's going to come in from the flank, but even with that, you, you have to do a base element and a maneuver element. And then I thought about I was like, well, you know, I need to make sure in the future that I'm more aware of what guys are talking, especially when I'm sitting here talking to another seal who we have a common language and we are talking about things in a very conversational mode. So just like I was saying with drinking, why no consciously, like I'm going to be hung over tomorrow. The important thing that you got to do you got to do the hard things that you got to do you got to do you know it If you know like, hey, and you say, I'm not going to be tricked. and I'm just going to cheat can't do that just like you can't say hey you know what. That's the attitude you have to take you can't just think there's going to be a shortcut will be able to lead through this vampire you know tomorrow because I have a cool gun I'm going to shoot him no bullets don't kill him. It's, and if you know about it or you know, and you know it's true, and see, you won't necessarily be bothered by it. Like the guy that asked this question, don't accept echoes thing of saying some people just that way because that means you're just going to keep doing it. You know loses well guess what what we look like at the end of that we're all beat up right both of us doesn't matter doesn't matter how good we are. They know that they know that Jockel, they know I don't love him. We were in charge of people not terminator robots right we laughing I use that term all time the people think oh you're in the military you run a Navy seals they do whatever you know no not true there people. Now luckily, like you said, through training, through knowledge, right, in the situation, I know that you don't act that way. I'm like Mr. Detachment and I take stuff personally all the time and somebody says something to me, I'm like, oh, okay. So a lot of times like I remember when I was working at the nightclub, that was a full on like, oh, and I could have called job all short term payoff stuff. So a lot of times when you're making your, you find yourself in a grind that without, like, a exit strategy or something like that, a lot of times that will be the case. I, I went, I had the company line, but like in such a dynamic or such an overboard way that guys were like, okay, So he's saying this idea that we can just hey we'll just have the Iraqis do it sounds like a good idea right because I don't want my guys to get her killed there's a problem with that. And you can think and back, I can see the elements, you know, the little pressure release was her not saying, don't talk to me like that. And he's been kind of, you know, I don't want to say that we're relaxing, but he's been, you know, fairly, he's been cruising kind of. and then I got it from a guy that was like a power lifter really strong and he was, you know, 56 years old when I met him. Hey, they were actually questioned, I don't know what America is like anymore, right? I think coffee is more like it's like a immediate thing. I write that book so this was a totally different attitude and you know you hear it here that people people back in DC they didn't even want to use the word insurgency they didn't want to use that word because it makes everyone think of nom. You were going to get punished and you're like, oh, I'm not going to have jockel across the side. So a story like that where we're just going, we're going to take with their take the order and carry it out to the extra even take pride in doing that. You know, back in the day, back in the day with old hardcore bands, you have this teacher that just said trust no one was like, yeah, that's legit. I was like, sir, here you said it was like the best thing you've ever had. It's like, okay, being able to translate a stupid, something stupid and give enough pressure relief to make guys not just go, joc was just, you know, company guy. And now once you've done that, then you can go to your troops and you say, hey, look, I went to the bosses when I told them, you know, I told them that, hey, doing this method isn't going to work well. But people are different like let's say like remember Franklin. I know you don't want to know this right now, but you are at the limit of advance. And I don't know if this story is going to make any sense, but the next day we're going out of another operation. Nonetheless, if you like krill, I actually there's some good to, oh, you know, the part. You know, dad comes home, mom comes home and they're like, hey, I thought I told you to take out the trash. So I remember thinking when I was like over at or at a, I remember thinking, I feel like I wasted a lot of years. The good news is like I said, there's plenty of people out there that are good people that you can give all your trust to. So she comes back to like, she's like, we got to do it again. Yeah, it's not like that's it is not like I said, okay. I mean, I know I'd take and I was like, yeah, you should try it or did I say that or did you start trying on your own? If you think your boss is an idiot and you think the method that he's picking or the plan he's got is stupid, don't be truthful to your guys and go down there and say, boss is an idiot, it's not going to help your team, right? So when someone points out some symptom of that insecurity, that's when they're like, well, you know, they get on, oh man, that goes for kind of anything. You know, so you do a good job of like, you'd be able to recognize that. There's it's more of a mental thing like if you mentally had there's drills like you can do you remember Jerry Loudon was his name. The same dynamic, just kind of negative, you know, it's like negative person. But hey, guys, you know, we're not going to complain right.