We'd be like, all right, we're going to get to bench 300 once we were benching 300, we'd say, all right, we're going to go and we'd be doing things like, hey, we're going to do the six mile run and extra time that we get that we'd say, oh, we're going to do 50 pull ups If you're a graduate, if you're a pro, if you're like, you know, I'm going to allow excuses to get in my head or kind of kind of pussy foot around and be like, well, you know, moderation is all right kind of thing and have that attitude. You know, it's one thing to have do a podcast with a guy like Tim Ferriss or Joe Rogan or Sam Harris where you've got this, you know, famous individual and of course people want to listen to them, but who's going to want to listen to Jocco and Echo? And for me, it actually brings back my memories of when I first got to the seal teams, because when I first got to the seal teams, it was actually pretty hard to find a good mentor that I looked at and said, you know, I want to be like that person, and they were going to invest in you. and you know, he's going to, I don't know, dunk and don't know, something for you know, there it is. And the same way, if you don't allow your troopers to make mistakes like you said and try new things and you don't encourage that, then they're going to be, their morale is going to be crushed and they're not going to make the progress that they need to do need to make. And once I realized that, it was always easy for me to do that from then on, and not only that, but it became easy for me to do that in regular life, and other things that I'm doing, and having conversations and dealing with relationships and making sure I'm not getting dragged down into these crazy relationships situations, or business situations, where there's a lot of emotion going on and saying, you know what, I'm just going to step back and observe this from a better vantage point that's more unbiased. You can take, you know, take us to take in a way, take pride in the fact that it's nope, I'm not even going to go that's nope, I'm not drink, I'm not going out to the club drinking, I got a rest, I got to work out in the morning or whatever. Or from like an expanded point of view, like the big picture where if someone's not raised, I kind of mentioned this before as well, where if someone is raised in a really rigid household where, you know, the, the kid who's taking piano lessons, he makes one wrong key and he gets whacked with a ruler, right? So that if an surgeon is going to attack us, they're going to look at us and say, you know what, let's wait till a little less aggressive convoy came through. And he explained to me in a very solemn way that the movie depicted these Americans going in, and, you know, brutalizing these villages and, you know, doing horrible things to these villagers. They've got to clean everything, they've got to go to think dialed in, and then the guy shows up for five minutes, and it took, you know, four hours to get everything ready, the guy shows up for five minutes, who asks the quarks mile, and then leaves. But, you know, so the, so the higher belt generally shouldn't be like putting someone in a submission and hurting them because experience guys and GJ2, they know when the tension is there on the arm or the foot or the knee. Because people are asking, you know, hey, you should do a podcast, but there's, you know, okay, well, where's it going to go? You know, the conventional war is a fast war where you know what's going to happen. Something we talk about all the time on this podcast is having the ability to adapt and be flexible and you know, whether it's working out in a hotel room, whether it's, you know, finding something good to eat or not eating because there is nothing good to eat. You don't see that that not only yeah, you're going to have to spend so much effort just to get that little gains, which no one's going to be able to tell unless you're going to competition. And, you know, whatever it's going to be a certain number of, you know, a 20 reps squat routine at a certain weight. And I realized right then, you know, like, wow, I can, I can kind of, I think I got this. We're going to be everyone's going to have a gun pointed at the, you know, at a target somewhere, wherever you think would be a target. You don't want to, if you know I'm going to do an arm bar, I'm not going to get the arm bar. If I'm feeling horrible and you know, you can see occasionally my workouts is consistent like, you know, doing some mobility training rolling it out. So there's that opportunity instead of baking out in the sun, we're just going to kind of get a little bit closer to the road, get a little bit closer to the T junction, we're going to sit in some shade. Now, all this being said, if someone's just a big maniac that goes crazy the whole time and they're going to hurt you, well, then you got to make a decision that you're not going to roll with them. You know, we had, first of all, the reason, some of the reasons it wasn't happening was because there was guys that were, you were on constant going on deployments, and so it wasn't like someone would grab you and pull you aside. They're going to be so scared and a lot of times you don't even feel like you know why you're scared. And where's like, okay, if this, if this guy made any mistakes over his career, he was not going to be advanced, he was not going to be promoted. They know that that tension means the next amount of pressure is going to take this beyond the limit of the joint and they're going to have an injury. Yeah, so strength and strength is, I mean, I know strength is defined, but really when you kind of talk about strength, that's like a general term. And a lot of times just like how you said, if I made the decision like, no, I'm not going to miss this workout at all under any circumstances. And what that means is that the person who's overall in charge has got to do an outstanding job of explaining what the mission is and explaining how it's connected and explaining how what is going to happen on the front-line is going to affect the broad strategy. If you're a big guy who's, you know, you come in and you're, you know, however big and athletic. Once again, this is something that I always find intriguing when you get these guys, these soldiers, people like Hackworth, people that are dedicated, you know, lifelong military members, and they get this twist of disillusionment and suspicion against their higher headquarters. And you know, when, when if I'm feeling like just completely overtrained and weak, I usually tell, well, I tell my fighters, I'd say, hey, you just got your butt kick today. Leadership is the most important thing on the battlefield, and here is another example of saying, you know, he's saying that if the leader is not inspiring, they're going to be a half their effectiveness. It's kind of like when people are like, I got to get them better shape, but that's it. So, you know, I know this is, you probably haven't been down the weeds on this type of gear in a while, but hey, this is the way you don't understand. But to have someone that says, hey, listen, new guy, I'm going to invest in you and you know, make you into a great seal. I want to go out sleep for a few minutes, you know, nowadays if I can, I'll try and sleep for like six to eight minutes. Well, at the same time, if someone doesn't tap and then you hurt them, well, that's kind of jacked up too because you shouldn't be getting someone's foot and cranking it or getting their arm and cranking it when you know, I mean, maybe they couldn't tap, maybe they were almost stuck or whatever, now we'll suddenly hurt them. And they would be looking at us like we were kind of crazy, you know, but that was us kind of mentoring ourselves. You know, oh, you're in the airport and they don't have, you know, all you can get is those, those little hot dogs wrapped in a pretzel. Anyways, we came up onto this level, so I'm going to seal platoon, and we got 15 or 20 guys, and we come up onto this level, and everyone spreads out in a line, and we're looking at the level, and there's all kinds of complex stuff in front of us. I said, hold left move right, which basically the guys on the left, stay where you're at, the guys on the right, we're going to move and do the clearance, and the guys did it. But one that's getting submitted should tap and the one that's doing this submission should, you know, should know to stop before the injury occurs.