They're going to come to you way more likely, you know, you know, we talk about inoculation when it comes to training for combat and, you know, you, you, you, anoculate yourself to stress and, and one of the things I talk about like with self defense for, especially for women is if you train your jitter, you get a little bit of a bit of anoculated to the fact that someone's going to be grabbing you touching you grind it on units and so you're over that you're over that, but it seems like this is the same situation you do with kids. But you know people always want to know because there's a lot of young military families out there and you know I'm going to I'm going to say this right now I'm going to talk about military families and. You were probably thinking that they would have to make a choice between you and this guy, you know, maybe in your mind that's the best friend, you know, now you got to convince people and you just, you know, you don't know anything. I know, I know with my kids, you know, if they do something that they think is going to get him in trouble, especially in that five, six year old, seven year old, they're not going to tell you. So like, something like this, that's going to turn you into, you know, the person who's, you know, it's kind of like the leader. My seven year old dad dad told you know, so I think that's another thing is how do you make sure that they realize that you're going to be, you know, without blowing it out of proportion, which, which I agree with you know, it's a five year old kid. And when I got back, when I was there, I was thinking, man, I wish I would have brought my guitar because, you know, I had some time, you know, I could have probably played guitar for, you know, half hour a day, maybe 45 minutes, a couple of the guys would have brought there guitar, we could add some little jam sessions, right? I changed the diaper last time, you know, but if you notice, you're talking about yourself not the diaper got to get changed regardless, but you're like focusing on the fact that you had to do it, you know, kind of think. You know, they get little like, like, like, crown gold kind of crumbs, right? You know, I got to be like people have said, you know, I always say, well, people have been asking me this one person. What would plant that in your mind, you know, to make you think that it's going on from your parents perspective, you know, it's like me looking at one of my close friends. You know, obviously without asking leading questions, you know, that's going to make put somebody, you know, in another weird situation. And so that was, that was a little challenging itself to be trying to like get this farm up and going and being, you know, in the beginning you talked about me being like nine months pregnant out there working. And also just normal you know hard working Americans men and women you know you've got someone that's working hard and going a lot and dedicating a lot of their jobs so. And, and, you know, next thing you know, as soon as they, you know, help with the groceries, boom, the arms out of the cast and he's, he's abducting them. Because even you as a kid, you don't know how to say no, you don't know how to scream, you don't know how to tell someone to stop. And exactly what you just said, like a couple of things, you know, he said when he, he was talking about when he got home and he got in the car with his wife and his mom, he's in there for 10 minutes. And, you know, of course there's moments where you feel a little bit sorry for yourself and think, gosh, what if something happens, what if he comes home without his legs or with his face, trap and older, something, but, you know, I don't any more of that stuff doesn't get into my head much. So, the less you make it about yourself and more about the mission, the family, whatever it is that you're doing, the stronger you're going to have the capability to be you know, you can like solve the problems and you know, accomplish the mission. But I feel like it's kind of always on my mind because, you know, like, okay, I'm talking to Greg, right? Yeah, I felt like I was a bit distracted, not necessarily here, but just in life, you know, I couldn't like focus on the thing that I need. So, you know, one of the reasons that you're sitting here today, one of the reasons that I know you is that despite all that darkness that you got sucked into, you somehow, in some way, at some point, realized that you were going in the wrong direction and you, and you turned around and started to do. You know, because actually a lot of like being like a strong military wife and all this stuff, even just a normal. So my next deployment, I said to myself, cool, you know, bring a guitar, you know, with time, we're going to work on the riffs, go back to this deployment was to Ramadi. It's like that, you know, the boy or frog thing, you know, where you're, you just, that's normal to you. You know, one of the, you talk about being independent and I know obviously you're independent person, you can get along by yourself and my wife's the same way, very independent in terms of her day to day, she doesn't just need me to actually do anything for her. Like, people know what you look like. But I do know this your behavior is not going to get help it right the the bottle isn't going to help it the self abuse isn't going to help it the skip in work isn't going to help it. You know, there's, first of all, I can see how 15-year-old Iris, who's dealing with this stuff at home, and meets this guy that's, you know, 31-year-old is, I don't care if he's a total idiot. No, you know, like, can I strengthen myself up versus, you know, create this big scene. But yeah, you know, if you want to support that way, that's a good way, you know? If you're, you know, making them feel bad for not calling you every opportunity you get and letting a guilt trip on them about, you know, the fact that they're not giving you enough attention and stuff when they've got, yeah, you can't do that. Like if I'm not doing it, you know, I'll do it even if I feel like working out, I'll still listen to it. Because conversely, I look like what people think I'm going to look like. Because, you know, there's some people there, like, there's a line for this little thing that the kids get on. And that was, you know, the way you talk about being a kid and sort of wanting to be a soldier, wanting to be in the military so bad, and that was like, you are focused on that and that's all you are going to do. He's five years old, you know, they, little kids do that and they don't know what they're doing. You don't know if he's going to go to jail, you just don't know what the consequences are going to be. They'll just talk about like we're, say, if unless you made it uncomfortable for them, they'll talk about some weird stuff, especially five six, but if they, the parents, hey, you know, in your scenario where they'll ask you something, you can answer they say good. I know we've talked about it before, it wasn't like you woke up one day and said, today I'm going to change my life. But bringing also that strength to and you know people have always asked if I would bring my wife on and you know my wife she's wonderful. That's even hard for adults to do any kind of like confrontation that's going to cause these big ripples is like, man, I got away all this out. And I don't know if later on she told someone, but at the time she definitely didn't go tell her parents or my parents or anyone, which reaffirms the fact that your kids aren't necessarily going to tell you. And I mentioned this before where it's easy to fall into that kind of mindset where you're making it about yourself now, you know, where you have kids and it's like, hey, I got a chain. You know, I always like going over your house because you and you and your husband both want to expand the conversation and point stuff out to me and ask about this. We like to think of child molesters as strangers, not the people we know and let into our lives daily. Because you figure, because usually one like your tendon, detach, like, you know, I rip my bicep, whatever. And so, that, you know, that's something that I also try to do for my own kids as much as I can, you know, I'm pretty cautious with them, but I still try to always allow them a lot of freedom. But yeah, I completely know what you mean about the, and as, as being a wife sitting at home with your husband gone, like you can't just sit there and pine over them being gone and wait for them to come home. I think when it was either right after you met here, met, right after you moved down here, I think I was talking to him because I was talking about where you guys were 11, you know, out and then you guys had property. And the other thing, you know, the startled response, which was, which Dave talked about as well was, you know, he heard a air gun for putting the, putting the, working on a car who's walking by a garage and somebody fired off an air gun. And I had a little group of 22 that I carried with me, you know, one or the other usually when I was out riding because my parents felt like I was safer with a gun than without a gun, even though I was 12 years old. He started, um, you know, I don't want to make it sound like he was doing this in a terrible way, but he definitely started some self-medicating with alcohol. So they're okay talking about stuff that let's face it, you know, there's your kid is not going to be comfortable talking about some things unless you unoculate them and you get them used to and they understand what's right and what's wrong. But you could tell, like, you know, the little kids fit. You know, keeping eye on these guys and hopefully channel them in a good direction when they get home as opposed to a, you know, had I not stepped in It's back the other day or last week, whatever, when I said, like, you've got to switch it to manual, just, and for procrastination, you've just got to switch it to manual for, like, literally two seconds, one, two, boom, and then you do it. You know, they're like how you said they kind of got to schedule.