When it's time to lift like I could lift a lot, but like every day life on my kind of stiff, you know, like, I got to like get up after all, you know. If you were on Don't, you'd be like, you know, you'd be like, you know, you'd be like, on Don in Paris, Island, which is where I'm reading corporate bootcamp is, or one of them, there's also one here in Tandy, Eagle. And here's some of the things that they did back to the book, Dr. Gundryl and Norman Claycher, know your weapon, know it intimately, know it with almost the insight of its inventor, be able to take it apart blindfolded or in the dark to put it together, be able to recite mechanically a detailed description of the gun's operation, know the part played by every member of the squad from gunner down to the unfortunate who carried the water can or the machine gun boxes as well as their own rifles. I think that's, and of course, someone going to be like, hey, you know, and they'll say an idea, it might not be all that good, but if, or it may not seem like it's all that good. It helps like even like the onset of like osteoporosis, like all this stuff. They'd be like, you know, so it was like the more open and like whatever you were, the cooler it kind of was. And you know how like weights is a good kind of weights is cool because you know how strong you are kind of thing. But if another person says it, kind of unrelated, you know, not the kind of where some guys should say, but do this, you know, make this or create this and then someone just likes it or puts a like on it. When you see someone going through some trouble to be able to recognize like, hey, you know, echoes going through some issues right now. yeah, they did, but like the point is like it was kind of like the cool culture. Perfect example of people saying, you know, people were saying it so like like mad. Because like the more people, you know, they'll hit us on the pun Twitter or just like kind of knowing and knowing what year's talking about or submitting questions. It's just like, if you're shy, you know, or that kind of thing, like some guy didn't have stalls. Any kind of workout where you need, you know, like maximum mobility, but you still want to go with like a shirt on. Yeah, it seems like they can relate, you know, like echoes at level eight right now. And I remember some people were like kind of surprised because they're going to just to the army that just like Dr. Gentle here. And I was like, well, sometimes it seemed like the podcast was like, was me and echo sitting in a room alone. Like when I go on the road now, like I was just out with some firefighters and like we're all, everyone's telling the same jokes. So he's saying, look, you guys that are high-spirited go-getters, and they're going to get after it on the battlefield, and they're going to get after it on the liberty, and sometimes they're going to get rolled up unless they're super lucky, and that doesn't make them bad people. You know, like, when you know the guys on the story. That's not like you're like, let me think of this question that I think people have. Because it's the tournaments, you know, when you're winning around like, oh, and my up in my up, that's like, can be part of the chat. Well, I'll be like, oh, I'm just going to rest because I don't feel like I didn't get nine hours of sleep songs to it tomorrow. No, but I'm saying like, you know, you know, you don't care about my goal. And so when my buddy had this big incident that he did, which, you know, he was drunk and got crazy and, you know, got arrested and all that, all that bad stuff. I wish I would have been doing other things, you know, but if you're in a leadership position and you've got guys like this and you can demo instead of trying to help them, you're not helping them. Yeah, kind of like we'll talk about sometimes where you get a guy, like if you're watching a video As they said, but anyway, so it's like kind of I compare like the post krill oil and the pre-cruel oil situation. Kind of like that the week superficial assumption is that, oh, you're going to choose that kind of that hard thing. The speculative dread, just thinking about, okay, what's the next attack going to be like, are we going to be able to get through it? You're going to be on all of them and you've already seen X number of guys that you had killed and you're going to keep going until you're killed. And I think that forms such a tight bond that these guys had, you know, these guys had respect enough respect and enough mercy on each other to say, look, that goes out an hour and a time right now. I met some young Marine, not a young Marine, but you know, guys probably 25, 27 years old and he came into the gym and you know, some say, I use in the Marine Corps. It's like because you just kind of explain, like kind of the logic behind it. It formed a club or corporation, much as do those other common things upon which men for diverse reasons, play so great of value, like money, like charity. Yeah. nephew, like, actually actual nephew, like, his dad's brother or something. And the officer goes, hey, you guys are young warriors and things like this are going to happen. Because even now, man, people will send me, you know, whether it be funny videos, there's this sodium video that, you know, the guy skipping a piece of sodium across the lake. YouTube's good like that where if you listen to just the, like, an excerpt, we're just a clip two minute three minutes four minutes. You know all those little things that you have, all the little things that make you you, we are going to take them away. And, you know, that the, I think, you know, we kind of did some calculations. And YouTube is good like that where if there's a bunch of them, which, well, I think we're kind of coming up with, or collections kind of growing now. It was the one where the Marines like we would stay on the ship when we pulled an port and it would take like an hour to get off the ship because everyone would be waiting in line. He got in big trouble, and I thought that our officer, who's one of the best officers I ever worked for, I thought he was going to really, you know, just crush him and it's a guy getting you fired up, he's getting fired up to get you fired up, sometimes they can work but a lot of times that won't really work because you kind of feel like he's trying to sell you something. And you just retreat, like he said, you just retreat into almost like nothingness. And everyone's believing like, oh, this old man, you know, he probably used to be a weight lifter. I'll tell you, if you like the guys that I, the pig gunners we call them, guys that carry the mark 48, which is our big heavy weapon, guys that carry that when you watch them, it's beautiful. Like, well, you know, when it first happened, it would be a little bit strange to me. Or I thought you were going to say that sometimes you know, guys want their surrounded by the SWAT team. And I think what he means by vanity that he was sure he would die, you'd think, oh, somebody that's vain, it would be like, hey, I can't be killed. And I'm like, well, we're talking about so it's all, and you know, they've already taken stuff and spun it out somewhere. It's kind of like we're all in this group, you know. Like yes, like yes, that's awesome. So you can, like, share them and stuff like that. Learning to be a Marine, and then they go from there, they go to a place called New River, where they're going to do some more training, and they're going to start learning to be actual fighting Marines. They think that like, I'm going to when I breathe, it has something to do with your breathing. You know, it's like a two, three way street. It came in shy is like you'd have that feeling, you know. Because it's just another perspective that shows you, shows you his view of it and gave me a, not even a better understanding, a clear understanding of what people are going through when they're going through boot camp. So you're going to learn this weapon like better than better than the inventors what they're saying. Here's the thing, I think sometimes people will kind of mistake the Shroom tech when you know, because it helps your oxygen. If we're in the gym and like I'm pushing someone like a MMA fighter. Now, you know, I don't know what situation this individual is in, right? It's like that's that's what it's like. You know, you seem saying like the quality. And I was thinking to myself, like, well, you know, should I do Helmet from my pillow? You know, I don't feel like that anymore. You've never jumped off anything this high before, so you don't know what it feels like. Exerps, just like, you know, excerpts from the podcast. We've got a tough job where we're going and where we're going, you won't have much room for ammunition. I don't know if people look for it and then send it to me or it's been going around. That is good as they could have done because they show the guys coming on to a beach and there's nurses and they're dressed in like a beautiful clean white and they're literally handing out lemonade and it's such a contradiction to what they've been living. And they're like, when are they going to break down my door and find me and they get that speculative dread and they just turn themselves in? I think he's like a pro-crossfit guy or a pro-weight little Olympic lifter or something. Like in your case, you thought he was going to get severely punished. You know, he was he knew that that, you know, you had young, ram-bunks, And I talked to our OIC about it in a today's, or you know, is, I mean, what's going to happen with my buddy. So you can kind of judge like, yeah, this guy's strong And these, he's got so many great stories about how these guys, what these guys were going through. And I don't know if I've talked about this before, but we were going through boot camp. Well, in that hour and a half the Marine, this young Marine had gone off the ship and was getting carried back onto the ship like passed out drunk covered in puke and an hour and a half. You know it is safe, you know you are ready. You know, that's a good way to support because you're essentially just kind of in the game in general. Like he's going to die. And he says, hey, you guys are strong and stuff like that.