You know, patches on the, in fact, the Puerto Rican gangs looked more like bikers, like Puerto Rican bikers, without bikes back then, like they all had like patches and jeans and like MC boots, and, you know, they'd wear like the F-True Pats and with total old school, you know, like, you know, wolf tails and shit, you know, like the fur collar. How many bodies I found and came across and, you know, how many, how much madness I had experienced, you know, like we were talking about, you know, it's like sometimes, you know, when you're dealing with life and death on a regular basis, you know, sometimes you're like, you know, God, you start calling out to God. Everybody was, you know, it was, what it means is me about the 80s, is the lawlessness, you know, in New York and in San Francisco, you know, like you could really get away with just about, fucking anything, and there would be like no police, involvement, no repercussion, you know, I mean, you'd get into a fight and the shit could go on for, half a fucking hour, like from one area to another, and back and forth, you know, you're guns, oh, fight. You know, especially when you're dealing with depression and all that shit and again, you know, it's just like, like I said, you know, you know, have someone to love and to feel that that reciprocation and, you know, feel needed, it's hard to not feel needed, you know. You know, so it's like, you know, like I said, you know, like I had that one fight and California where I'm running into a mob of all these dudes, like, you know, I was high off that shit for like a week. You know, and when I started going out to their farm for a little while, like they were getting up at like five, 30 in the morning and meditating and watching the sun come up and like it was like this whole, you know, going from like being like hunted by the gangs in my neighborhood to that, it was just like, I can't even really explain it. Yeah, like the guys in the block, just people who know me from school, like people like, you know, my friends on cools and shit like that, you know, like, you should get the fuck out of here. You know, they, you know, they beside selling heroin, they did hits and, pigman, I'd known about him, my whole child, he was like a lower-yside myth, like, you know, everybody had heard of him, but no one knew, you know, because if you saw him, most likely the last thing you saw, you know, but he would wear a pig's mask. Yeah, like the, and Jimmy Hendrix, you know, he was the Jimmy Hendrix of bass and look at Jimmy and him and it's like, you know, you can have all that talent and if you're, you know, if you're suffering on the inside, man, you know, mean fucking Jocco, there's another tragedy. I mean, I had like fucking recruiting, you know, catalogs and shit under my bed, whereas most kids probably had, you know, their playboys and shit, like my mom would find my rugby, I don't know, their recruiting shit, like what is this? Woo, you know, all these other things that like we're like resonating with me, you know, and it's like, I needed that shit, you know, I needed some sort of guidance and had I not had something like that. You know, like, I'd never, you know, Yeah, we had fun, you know, but we never like gotten brawls and got, you know, right. Everybody has that moment though that period where they really, you know, will not everybody, but everybody who's like intense, you know, you think about your life, you can think of that one period where you were just on fucking point, you know, and they were like 16 at a ended like last week. But, um, yeah, you know, it was a much different place back then, you know, you guys know, you know, but a, you know, a lot of people who have only been here over the last 20. And, yeah, you know, he knew he made a lot of bad choices, but it's fucked up though, because, you know, I mean, he was all, you know, he's fucked up on heroin, and he was in alcoholic, and he actually, like, kicked my mother in the stomach when she was just like very pregnant with me. and it's like mad, screaming and, you know, stabbing, and bottles breaking and no cops, you know, that was like, you know, I mean, shit happens now, man, you fart to fucking loud on the street here. You know, you learn their last name at first, but then you know, you get to know him a little bit and you're like, you know, what's your first name? And it's like, you know, as we all know as parents is like, no, fuck that, you need to know how to do your math. So it was like, you know, also not just feeling like betrayed and everything else that goes along with a breakup, but as any father or stepfather, stepmother, you know, you have a certain, you know, you develop love for a kid even if it's not yours. You know, but eventually she did, you know, unfortunately I had to witness a lot of real, ridiculous shit, but, you know, I don't think there's such a thing as a perfect parent, you know. You just, just, I mean, it'd be like seeing James Brown back when he had Bootsie Collins on base, like back in the old, like when he was like all over the, I always used to like in HR to like James Brown meets Johnny Rotten. And a lot of these after hours clubs, like, you know, saved the robots and the pyramid, and all these other places they had, like, you know, they were the late night free clubs, where everybody would go like to a six in the morning, and they would all be doing blow and doing coke. This affecting people the way you do with music, it's a, you make a connection, you know, you know, look man, I'm sitting across from you now because we're fucking out of my minute, 30 fucking years ago with that fucking tell you, it's bad ass, you know. The next second, you're a tough guy in front of fucking thousands of people and there's lights flashing everywhere, you know, and then, you know, and then some people, it's like your career is done and you're still that tough guy who still will fuck shit up, but nobody gives a fuck and now if you fuck somebody up, you're going to fucking jail. It's like the adrenaline, the fucking, like dude, the last time I got in like a real fucking crate, you know, not the last time, the third or fourth to last time. You know, and I was just like, you know, I just want to fucking, you know, I probably shouldn't say this and probably sounds bad for the military, but I just wanted to kill. You know, and just because I like to think that the end of the day, two people that were friends can laugh at their own foolishness, you know, I would like to think that people are able to look beyond their egos and, and forgive each other for being idiots. And that being weird and almost getting into fights with like dudes who were like X-cons and you know, like dudes who had just got out of prison who were like to them. But for the most part, you know, if you're getting your, you know, I don't know, protein from soybeans or something, you know, I don't get as much protein as you animals over here. They have looked at me like just like a gunslinger just walked it like I was like, you know, fucking wild west. And obviously I've dealt with many, but, you know, especially someone who didn't really have responsible people like really raising me, you know, I, it really hurts to not be there for your kids every day, you know, because I really, I used to cherish those moments more than anything. You know, you know, you know, people they'll be like, hey, no, I don't eat cops. I mean, we were like, you know, funky stuff, you know, I mean, we were playing, like I said, my math teacher, he was one of the band leaders. You know, like fucking, you know, the whole shit was like, damn, man. But I guess, you know, it seemed like there was more opportunity to actually make a living bigger audience, you know, actual record deals, you know, Pantera. I mean, I have to admit that, you know, look at back if you know, if you ever kind of met up, you have to be able to say, yes, I wasn't an asshole, you know, but that shit, yeah, pig man was no joke. You know, and to me, I'm just like trying to, you know, get some food, you know. I don't think for one second because I'm a jujitsu black belt that like, I'm just going to submit this guy and hold him down until the police get here because you know, what, that guy may have through other friends standing in the shadows behind you or that guy may fucking start stabbing you when you're looking to fucking you're trying to, you know, submit him. It's those ones that are like, I don't know how they make them, you know, the inside and the, I don't know. I'm like, you know, you don't gotta worry about like a, you know, a black belt kicking your ass. Like the kid like yourself, like kids who had been listening to Van Hale and then they were little who started getting into hardcore bands started getting more and then they're not know. So the, so I know it is like a real reputable company that, like you know you're getting, because right, you can get supplements. You know, they're kind of bringing back like, I don't know if it's like a reunion fest, bringing back a bunch of old bands. You know, so it's like I feel like in my own way, I managed to do my service to, you know, humanity. Like, hey, you know how, you know, your wife had to lose like 20 to fight stories. But a lot of fighters, you know, you know, you have see fighters and stuff and a lot of those guys have a rough time, you know, absolutely. I don't know, but, you know, I guess it's, I guess, is that like when people talk about, well, when people say to me, oh, I think this is the same thing because I'm sitting here going to happen that before. You know, I remember like eating it soup kitchens, you know, with adults and I'm like 15. You know, I'm like, telling the locals, I'm like, I'm like, shit man, my mother lives on 12th street. Look at all the, you know, all the, you know, a lot of people don't get outside of this country, you know, they live here. You know, and I mean, look, man, you know, the Ramones were, you know, some of the worst greatest musicians ever. So we were kind of fucking up their business too, because we were like, fucking up all the, all the new freaks that we started to come to the lower East side, all the new white people that we were like, you know, fuck, we just made this motherfucking neighborhood safe. And he was, you know, it's like, I'm saying, you know, you got these people who are fucking dangerous motherfuckers. and he was, you know, they just got back from tour and, you know, I just said something to him, you know, how was it? You know, I mean, you know, unfortunately, you know, at that point in my life. And, hey, man, and, you know, and that's one reason why I'm really fucking proud to be here, you know, because it's like, you guys, one of the things I respect the most is someone who will put themselves on the line for someone else. I was like, I was told when I was like 14, you know, because basically I was getting into so much trouble in school that they were about to, basically take me from my mother and put me in like spotford. That would have been helpful in those days as far as, you know, but, you know, I think that the internet and everything is also really kind of fuck music up because it's like people don't have to have any lineage or any connection to their roots anymore. And he was like, you know, he, he's like, I remember standing front of clubs like Max is and trying to get in. You know, that, you know, so where I didn't have certain things, you know, at the end of the day it gave me something else. I'm like, you know, Henry Rons and his prime was fucking badass, you know, Philon Selma when his prime was a fucking badass. You know, and we've talked about that on here, you know, people say like, oh, I was going to get in this guy, said something to my wife, what should I have done? I mean, it's, you know, it's, I'll tell you, man, it's, it's, uh, it's almost harder to hear it being read back to me now, especially in your voice, but, but it's like, you know, it's real. His, like he has extensive background and like, uptake, you know how like, You can get calcium supplement, but that supplement won't deliver the uptake so your body doesn't get even breaking it down or absorbing it. No, no, look, I say that with, you know, a little bit tongue and cheeky, you know, I mean, it's like I've grown up always being on the shitty end of the stick when it comes to the cops. I mean, even more so than the Chromex parts of the books like the people who were like, you know, you fucking nailed it, man. I mean, and God bless them, you know, I mean, Dr. Noah, you know, he suffered a stroke and a heart attack and he had to like learn how to use his hand again. I get, you know, when you have a kid that doesn't know how to do a fucking jumping jack, you're like, what the fuck. You know, so it's like you can have all the talent in the world, but you know, it's just, it's sad because really the people who are have that gift usually are people who are really emotionally. And I'm like, I was like, 15, you know, I mean, I'm 15, I got fucking pigman looking for me. So, you know, but, you know, I'm just, but I do understand, you know, what they deal with on a regular basis. Well, you know, I don't, I don't know, I don't know when or what they're doing and playing. I still have, you know, my spiritual inclinations, I still believe in some sort of, I don't like to say that word God anymore because I don't, I don't have that overview that I know any fucking thing. Yeah, you know, I like, I, I just, I feel confined when I'm here, you know, now, now that I've grown up when I come here, I living cow, I live a cow for you. I was stabbed and, you know, a lot of people were like, you know, I can't believe he did that. You know, you don't know what you don't know. One thing I will say is, you know, it really bothers me that dime bag died like that and that they never, because I know they would have buried the hatchet by now and they would have done an amazing reunion tour and they would, they would have just kicked this shit out of everybody. And I was, all that first hardcore that came out from, you know, black flagged a circle jerks, minor threat and of course bands like this charge from over see from England, you know, and all that shit was starting to really take over my, my, my soul. You know, so, you know, I mean, so it was like, what the fuck? So that was why I really started to lose my way again, you know, because I was like, you know, I don't have a purpose, there's no one for me to love, no one for me to care about and no one to feel. You know, instead of like holding up the fucking, you know, pent-ups, what did he do? If you will, you know, although it was a disservice in a lot of ways because I did inspire a lot of people to do a lot of really fucking wrong shit, you know. And he really felt like he was living that life by being him, you know, with the name Gracie and having to be, you know, always having to step up, always having to prove himself and always having to be a bad S. And younger because like, you know, we started pulling a very young following, you know, go figure 12 year old in the band. You know, and, and, you know, that's like, but that's the difference between certain type of people. I mean, like, you know that, you know, after I show you, talked to everyone. He has like mental issues, you know, I mean, I don't know what his diagnosis is. You know, when I teach these kids that, you know, they're like they say in jujitsu, there's no losing in jujitsu, you win or you learn. You know, it was because it was like, you know, I was, I never had a father that gave a fuck about me. You know, and it's like, you know, and drugs become an easy way to deal with fame and the confusion of popularity and the depression. But it keeps it like your, if you like your coffee hot, it'll keep it hot for like eight hours or something like that. I like I can tell that there was something they had an interesting look like they, you know, but the shaved head thing was what got me. I could have died, you know, but like for literally a week after that shit, I was just like, yeah, It's just what you choose to believe, you know, unless it's like this is real, you know, this is really cutting my face. And you're just like, God help me, God, you know, please, you know, God makes help. You know, dudes who used to go out and get in like, you know, 20 fights in a night. And, you know, that caught on like wildfire in other places, you know, the straight edge movement spread and whatnot. So you know what, it's fucked up because it's like, had I followed those instincts, you know. You know, it was like, you know, you either out mugging someone, suckin' a dick, or begging for change. You know, you got to figure what kind of fucking, you know, I mean, his favorite song was a boy named Sue by Johnny Cash. But, you know, again, it's like, you know, again, this is somebody who's very emotional. It's like they're walking that line of, you know, what's kind of like you want to die, but you're not going to take the pussy route and kill yourself. Okay, we've got, you know, so it was a, you know, I mean, it would have been a fucking endless book. You know, or I'd be like, you know, yeah, things are a little different now, but, you know, hey, you know, what the fucking you're gonna do? And I'm sure it's that way in a lot of the world and a lot of youth culture and a lot of, you know, crews and gang culture and you know, I don't mean to theorize. But, you know, again, I got, you know, I also got to play, I got to keep my one foot grounded in the streets.