But with it felt like, and feels like with people like my soldiers, you know, there is a lot of room for like, because men, these are my brothers, you know, my guys, but let's say they're talking about like something else like a big one. You tell me, I personally think, let's say I've been giving some slack and people been showing up a little bit late, showing up a little bit late, and I'm kind of like, hey, man, you know, we need to be a little more in time and then finally on a Thursday, guys shows up late for the meeting, and I say, hey, you're suspended, you're grounded, you're, you know, you're going to work this weekend. Because you know if you're like naturally gifted or whatever at something you're in a way not like, like, I don't know what that's like. Like the bartenders that you so work with everyone's in a while, you'd have one and say well, I got this and you know, my bar and when they talk to the customers, you know, they're like hey, what kind of, I don't know, vodka do you have. or you just see the result in one way or Like these good like fighters or you know I don't know author like anyone doing absolutely so it's like, you know, like, let's say you open a Getsagee gym, and then, you know, you're teaching people, and then you're like, okay, You know you can't say like um hey I'm going to go see this concert and then afterwards I'm going to pick up guitar and play you know the solos with you know you're clapped in. It's kind of like when I was talking today about like, Hey, if you're a vet, you can't look at everyone like, Hey, this person's just, I had to be, I had to be like, okay, echo's not a bad person. Maybe like, oh, I've been letting people slack, so I got to make an example out of somebody to kind of re-establish the discipline kind of thing, or maybe, you know, as a boss or whatever, you really don't like this specific violation. Or if you have like with this procrastination situation, oh man, that's the main one that, you know, like, how you're always like, hey, I need to do this. So you know what it is like you know what that means you know. Like, you know, you know that they were like, okay, does vitamin C help? Well, you know, like when you brew tea, it's like, I don't know. So even if you like in your situation, if you're like, you know, someone's like, hey, Doc, where do you train? You know, where it's like, oh, yeah, you could be just a member, but at least you're part of that community, you know, kind of thing. That's why you're, you know, that's why party your morality is like, you know, fairness doing the right thing, all this discipline, stuff. You know, like even like slow and brushed in my teeth, like I do every week or whatever. Yeah, that's kind of like when I look at my old videos, you know, at the time, like, And then they tell my best vodka is, you know, this and that, then they'd say my, you know, kind of like I'm the master of this whole domain here, everything here is mine, and that I can bestow upon you kind of feeling. You know how like you get creative guys, but they don't have discipline or you get super disciplined guys, but they don't have creativity or you know. If you're down for it, sometimes people, you know, you put it on your T, let's say in your grud, you know, you're working out, where you're, you know, it's on the TV. But this guy who's a Master Chief when I met him, and he was telling me that when he, you know, at the seal team, you know, you PT in the morning, just like a sports team, you get to work and you work out. This is, when I'm thinking about it, this is just an amateur, you know, I was probably 22 years old, maybe 23 years old, but you know, young and immature and not getting the best guidance, not understanding things, not understanding that I wasn't helping build a cohesive unit, not understanding that this guy's probably thinking, oh, I don't want to help him. Hey, do you think that, you know, when people say, I'm going to make an example out of somebody, you know, for, sometimes it's for different reasons. It's obvious, you know, they call that the curse a knowledge, you know, home when you're, you're like so advanced in this one thing that you forget how it is to not be advanced. But yeah, like if you recommend a movie or something like that, and then mean while looking at the reviews, the reviews are like super good. I guess this is like a technology is kind of been around, but I didn't know because I had that plastic cup, you know, whatever. You know, the kind of like you put it in, but it was like kind of stuck. but I feel like it's, I mean, it's easy for you, you know, to be like, Yeah, it's you. And something happened, and we gave like a, like, a, like, hey guys, don't, don't ever make the putoon look bad. So you know how, you know, at home, you know, you have your cup. What I'm saying, you know how you say it, like you probably don't know about that because you don't have the curse of knowledge in regards to physical activity working out. And people that say that physical strength aren't good, he says, you know, I forget the exact quote, but he's basically saying, I, I know physical strength is good. Yeah and this is like like actually choking up the person you know Yeah, I always felt that a better way instead of saying my, one of the few things as far as feelings go because I, I, I, I experienced that a lot when people be like my, this and that, you know, and I see what you're doing. You know, but you're like, you just know better ways now. So, you know, like a football game or a movie or something that you're not doing to put you, you know, more forward on your path or whatever. You know, but at the same time, you, you, when I look back on it, I know I was not a good leader, right? You know, it's like, it's just this great event, you know. You know, you know that feeling where it's like dang. It's not like it's not like, hey, you're going to learn some stuff, but it's not going to be really applicable. It's like you're just the boss and the owner of all this kind of thing, you know, kind of thing. I don't want, you know, if if something was going to give you a bad reputation, like what we just talked about, if you fall out of a patrol as a leader or as anyone. Most times like if you go to like a you know And now I'm going to set the bar so high that I've lose track of the, lose vision of the fact that like, hey, the guy that I'm trying to convince right now is a 23 year old thing and the most important thing in his world is this is 20. It's like that thing that starting strength, coach, Rippato says, I, I post, I've never talked about it, but I posted, you know, He's talking about how physical strength is good. You know, like, you really like, I couldn't believe it. You know, and then they'll be like, but I'm glad it was like that. It was like maybe like 24 ounce, like big cup. And of course, there's, you know, there's exceptions here, but generally speaking, and plus you're talking about a little bit more of a broad thing like a leader. You think it's kind of like you know because think about it. The fact that they see you and they're talking to you, they know that you are there and you are talking to them and it makes all the difference in the world to know that you are not in this thing by yourself. You know, I always joke about, you know, when people say they have some kind of problem and I'm, oh, do burpees. They're like, yeah, that guy in particular is like, I hated going to work. Not like to the touch warm, but like warm like ready for action. so when they, you know, when they encounter someone who's going to, you know, go to college, they're kids or nephew, neighbor, whatever. The E5 mafia, you know, SEAL platoon, you've got the senior guys who's like the platoon, the platoon chief, the leading patty officer. Lots of people know that, but they may not know Civil War soldier served with a 20th Regiment of Massachusetts and volunteer infantry, saw action all over the place. But at the same time, if I know I'm doing the right thing and other people are judging me, that's going to keep me in line. Last year, if you were to start it working out, you know, how dope you be right now, way dopeer than you are if in the event you didn't start last last year, seems like. And the other thing is, and you know, those guys that were in those early platoons, when I was like a set of quote unquote, lears later. And I said, you know, hey, you know, they took away Bayonette training for boot camp and Tim Kennedy just goes, god damn it. Remember that story you're telling at the muster where, you know, your, your guys had an injured neck, so he could participate, but he went to come along, so he's watching them outside, and he's like, why don't they just, what do you step back and peel left? You mentioned how, in all these books and all these lessons that discipline is so important and there was time you mentioned like imagine or imagine how important it is or how beneficial whatever it could be just in every day like remember that. And I said, hey man, you know, I know you can't participate, but come out with me. Yeah, yeah, like none of you know, the one I was talking about. But the, you know, it's our way, if I would love to go back and be a better mentor and be like, hey, man, this is the mistake you made. Like, you know, maybe some of those guys were kind of slackers. I always thought if you said, hour, you know, especially even in a bartender situation, what we have, it's kind of like us as an establishment. But you know, I remember we had a case where someone was saying, hey, I'm going to leave this job or I'm going to take another job and what should I do? All they thought was, they didn't, I don't think I ever said like, I know jujitsu You know, when you're basic young, basic guy, you're going to handle things in a young, basic kind of way? If I feel like I'm going to do the wrong thing, I do care what people think. And that's such a big deal, like when you do that, when you detach, and then you can, you know, you have a clear revision, and a lot of times the answer or solution to some big problem is just so simple. If I spend an hour a day, you know, practicing guitar in, you know, in a year, all be better. You, you know, you know, what to expect kind of that. You guys have like a lot of military stories and examples, you know. Like with the old breed, you know, hey, that's the way it is. You know, where you can, like even if I have a book, if my goal is to finish some video, but meanwhile, I have this book that's really informative and something. you know we talking we talk about this and then get it off the stairs you know. And I've heard leaders say, a good leader's not going to be like, they're not going to be loved by everyone. And you know, it's funny because these guys, this group of guys who is, they were, they were all guys just trying to get after it and be good team guys. But it's basically one of the instructors, one of the drone structures was all yelling about or going to kill and blah, blah, blah, and then he says, yeah, the next time I saw him, we were in, you know, on island in the fight, and he was getting taken away after breaking down. The result is I am old before my time not physically old but hardened to the point where I can make the rest of them look like undeveloped high school boys old to the extent where I can keep going after my men fall over and sleep from exhaustion. Like who are we going to like follow? The things that he thought and the lessons that he learned, which, I mean, when you get an opportunity to learn from someone like this, you know what I do? So I'm trying to think, like, is that, you know, it's not because it's the exact same design. I'm not going to take too much time because we've been, you know, we've been going to edit. You know, we need to make, you know, I would love to do that. I'm going to save that because you have this kind of end in a way like the discipline kind of forms itself around that goal. It's like, yeah, it's like a thing. They don't need it really you know they don't need it like just get away with it because they're just being their talent. And he gives you this feeling of like, this guy's really into this parade deck, I mean, I'm, you know, where you do marching. As long as you warn them like how you're saying that seems like fair and a huge one, which I always kind of thought was if it applies to everyone. So, yes, this detachment that he's talking about and again, in a battalion situation where you're going to 75 yards and hitting a business situation, you know, I actually see people do this, you're in a meeting. Is that kind of like the hockey coach who doesn't even know how to ice skate? He's like looking at every single guy's scarred up wounded, you know, slashes on their chest, bullet holes in him. But you know, I feel like this unit pride and unit discipline how they go together. So when I was like mad about disrespecting or making the little tune look bad, it like hurt me. I'd be dope at guitar, you know, kind of like that. And you know, over the past couple of weeks, I've been traveling a bunch and meeting a lot of different people, business people, workers, police and firefighters and active duty, military and veterans, just people.