And the, and this, the flight commander, tightened you up and said, You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, My, my best buddy there, Danny wisely, had already shot down two airplanes by that time. You've got little decisions to make and if you can make that right decision, if you can do the right thing at that moment in time, it's not going to change your life, that one decision won't change your life, but then you're going to three minutes later, 30 seconds later, and now we're later going to make another decision. The chain of command that you guys, you know, hear you are in this prison camp and you guys all, you know, you figured out, you realize we need to have a chain of command, and you put that structure into place. And so if a new guy came into the camp and we knew who the president was, you know, lots of, we had no information at all or knew who on the world's series, for instance, why that was really big deal, you know, to get out there and and chop the wood in the radio station and tell the entire camp who was the president. You talk about it in the book, but, you know, just to kind of point out the fact that whatever two minutes earlier, you were part of this giant powerful force with a multi-million dollar, you know, aircraft under the water. So whether they were extras, like you get a guy that's going to exercise while you're trying to sleep or you get a guy that's snores, which if you've ever dealt with somebody that's snores, they can't help, but they don't even know that they sound like a chain saw in your room. Like a lot of the guys did, you know, you had Bill Reader on this on your podcast and he was dragged for, I don't know, weeks. But, you know, I think I started out with this mentality that it's always going to happen to somebody else, you know, never me. And it had a little suction cup, you look the suction cup and you put it on the windscreen, and this fan of him, you remember the white wire, you know, down underneath your G-suit, your sort, torsual harness under your oxygen mask and finally into your air, you know, you get your air bud in there. The day is probably going to come where you're like, you know what I'm going to hit this news. So, you know, I'd like to see their job on tell you that all these great dreams, you know, of being a fighter pilot in the admiral and commanding ships and squadrons of the military. You know, we could also support, you know, guys like you on the ground, that with all kinds of various kinds of weapon rate. As a matter of fact, when we got home, University of Maryland gave us credit for what we had, you know, the courses we had taught, you know, without books or paper, PowerPoints or instructors or professors or anybody. And when you have so little and for you guys to take that attitude, then there's so many people, you know, and I hear from people all over the world that will reach out to me and talk about the situation that they're in a bad situation and negative situation. And, you know, like I got all these little, um, these little, I guess these little ediosyncrasies, right? And I remember feeling really proud, you know, man, you know, just to be a part of this, doing something that very few people in the world would ever do. And a lot of guys did it much better than I. They could tell you, you know, what was going on this day last year, the year before and the year before. And so, little things start to bug you, you know, and not the least of which was, was our toilet, you know, the toilet was a two gallon bucket in the corner. It was, it was glorious, you know, to find because, you know, he, of course, had all of the stories and he had the movies that he could tell you about and the things that he had learned and that he could teach you. But you know, like you said, you guys were in good, relatively good mental status. And you know, like I said, this whole thing just came out a few years ago that this was the big reason that we did so well and that we're so healthy mentally and physically today was because we had this chain of command. He has the right to speak for a long, you know, hours about, you know, this stuff. And when there was a little bit of a administrative situation when it came time, because you guys had all knew that you're going to follow the order that you were capital, the sick and injured, we're going to go first. You know, and I get to come home and be cool and have all my girl, you know, all this stuff. And boy, you know, you started to turn and jink and, you know, you're head went on a swivel trying to figure out where this missile is. You know, off the aircraft carrier, climb to 80,000 feet, shoot down the Russian bombers and, you know, at 45 degree angle of bank, turn, return to the aircraft carrier. That would last for maybe a few months until you're in other things and then it became almost like a marriage, you know, where you've got those periods of time money moved periods over. You know, and thinking back at it, you know, I think well, where were my dreams? And I saw this opportunity, you know, five days to go, you know, this is my, this is my day. It went away from the most part, you know, after, I don't know, four or five months. Now, as you're going through the motions with the doctors and the physical people and the the the the the the the the public affairs people, you're saying, hey, you know, what do I see my wife? And so he, and you know, I mean, that's what every fighter pilot wants to, you know, to have a megg to his credit. And everybody was interested to took a government test, you know, to for a G rating, you know, a government service rating, a G S test. And that was a great revelation in my mind, you know, to know that I wasn't the only one that had given in. Yeah, you know, when it's level two or lower on the Richter scale of emotions, you can't behave your emotions, your behavior can't be based on you know what? And I know we had another pilot on Dave Burke and he was talking about how each step of the way he kind of looked around and said, I think I can actually do this. This guy that I'm talking about in the book, and I didn't know his name at the time I wrote the book, Earl Kobiel, was actually tortured to insanity. So far, I haven't been able to get a straight answer from anyone and I want to know about my wife, would you please be kind enough to tell me what's going on? I think for these, these cops to see these two little guys, you know, we were 13 and 14 years old. You know, unlike someone who's diagnosed with cancer or, like someone who just lost a job or just lost a child or just had a car accident, I mean, there are similarities in normal civilian life, I think that can be just as impactive as being blown out of the sky. And you guys would get, like I said, it's interesting you count, you laid out two things that first the Vietnamese were like pretty much okay with stealing and so you wouldn't get punished for stealing that bad, but the communication thing is what they, is what they would definitely punish you. They kind of parade you guys around and you hear cameras clicking and eventually you get put into new guy village and you get put into, you know, a torture basically a torture room. Well, you might not think you came off like a white night, but that's pretty, you know, awesome treatment of someone for sure. And you, you, you, you like it when you got a new roommate because it's like, and you, you kind of explain it's like, now you have a bunch of stuff to talk about with this person. You can know what that is, which I know you already do. But the good thing about on it, you know, that's a good stuff because supplements can be kind of junk sometimes. Pacing was another thing that would, you know, I'm going to just get up and pace and hey man, just sit down. What you don't know and reading my book, because they only happened two or three years ago, a study was done of all the combatants of Vietnam, of all the million and a half people that were exposed to that war, 30.6% had PTSD. It was like, you know, it was like, you heard the verbal. You know, it's another thing that you point out in the book on that culture or that system of government back to the book, the Vietnamese rarely exerted themselves. And you know, it's hearing from people like you that makes everyone realize, I need to make the best of what I have. And through the, you know, the first several months of that experience, I felt like I felt very guilty about having given up. And we use this in a lot of different ways if a guy was outside chopping wood for a fire for instance, and he would chop in this code chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped chopped and it was when we called it a radio station. And the first few days in prison, I thought, you know, this is going to be ironic because of the wars over. One of the things that, you know, where it's easy to sit and laugh here a little bit about some of the stuff, but one of your chapters is called insanity. I could think about that one person or that one book or whatever, you know, for an entire day. And I, you know, I tried to sense every possible thing because of course I'm thinking to escape now trying to get it out of here in some way. Sometimes I feel like this with echo and we're, you know, we don't even live with this guy, but it's sitting in this podcast being for. You know, a lot of us Navy guys and we had to sail and that was the big fantasy was to take a sailing trip around the world. Well, six months was a long time, you know, for a 23 year old kid. I think that the way that this comes out, and that probably is one of the reasons why I didn't know about the facts that you just told me about the only 4% having PTSD. So that's, you know, something to think about always when you deal with these countries where people are being indoctrinated and be whether being fed information from the state. Without training to fight, how are you going to know how to fight? And I'm, you know, whatever happened, I'm going to do it better. So, once I got to the Naval Academy and, you know, thought back to Bob Johnson and that kind of experience. And, you know, I was in the same cell with a lot of different guys. And so, so that, in fact, sometimes there's a little bit difficult to describe exactly what it was like because we were in different camps and different cells and you were different guys for the entire six years. And you know what, you're going to read it first. And then you say to yourself, okay, these guys shot me down in an F4, which crashed into this patty, and they know exactly what I was flying. And all by the way, you know, these guys are attacking our neighbor in South Vietnam. And I didn't even, as I went through fight training, you know, I mean, I learned to drop bombs and shoot guns and all that stuff. And then you guys started taking the broad code of conduct and specifying it because you guys had so much time into these things that you called plums. Echo, this, um, you know, do you think that you could maybe tell us how to support the podcast? And the other part of this, which was, which I didn't know at the time, of course, but she lost her support group. There's a little more to that story that I did not know when I wrote the book that he had been the part of an experiment done by a Cuban. And the, the guy reads into your, and I'm just going to, I got to read these rules because I think they give a good indication as to what you were facing. But we also had, you know, we had the, um, the, the big radar airplanes in the sky at the same time. And the sneezing and the reason that just was it more is how do the sneezing and wheezing work is often it was the same kind of thing you know it was all based around this five by five matrix of the alphabet. And there's the advancement of the, you know, them trying to tell the people how we're moving forward in the world. But yeah, if you didn't know what that is, it's like, it's Album.