But yeah, you know, I, I, I, I talked to people about again, it's I'm not going to compare anything to what we're talking about here, but in the military, for instance, a lot of times I had to make decisions to, to, to, you know, I got to do something that maybe I didn't fully agree with, but I knew in the long run, it was going to get me something that it was going to be beneficial to my team or to my platoon or whatever. You know, it's like in the, when I was talking to veterans saying, look, people, you feel like people don't understand? So, you know, young and then you came out here, you know, he just come left his apartment in New York City where he's got his wife and kids and they're, you know, it's chaos and little kids and they're crying and screaming and spilling stuff and throwing up milk and pissing everywhere So you know, you have that saying it's not like just some guy floating down the road through life being like, I don't feel good about that right there. Well, thankfully you're, you know, a little bit smart in a way where, you know, whether you name these things or not, there's always a particular standard that you go by, you know. And I had just a couple of people hit me up on social media like, you know, you should you should read this or you should do this or and, and, you know, or you're not right. So you, you know, it's not going to be just that you're not going to naturally just be an individual and act like an individual and conduct yourself in all these extreme situations as an individual. I'm going to step up and what you're risking there is we don't know where this war is going to end and where you're going to be at the end of this thing. Not means like nothing and it's almost like they seem, it seems like it seems like it's totally my interpretation of it. You know, like, your situation, like, in a combat situation, I think BTF Tony was talking about this. So the good part, like if you said, like I said, if you keep that good attitude, and when you make it out, you will have the other good things that can come from it. Jordan Peterson has some good good, you know, good content on that where he's basically in that cell, he says, get yourself together where in his example, one of the many was, you know, a family member dies or whatever, get yourself together. And, you know, again, it's, you know what I'm feeling like right now? So in a lot of times with like, real bad situations, especially with kids, because that's like the the most weak you can ever feel really like your kid. You know, you know, you always hear not always, but you hear sometimes about these riots on college campuses, whether it be after a game or something like that. You know, primal bells, which is like all that, you know, primates and stuff. If you want to know what that good part is, you got to know what that darkness is to. You know, so basically what it's for is, you know, it's not like poetry. And Jill Rogan, you know, Everlast was saying, hey, you know, I'm not in good shape right now. So as in, you know, you know, how like writing a bike. And by the way, maybe the, maybe the the best person in that group is going to say, you know what, I'm going to do this You remember when you jump rope and then when the, you know how like, and this was like elementary school. It's like, okay, well, then what I'm next to you know, we're talking about war and or if you call it the war podcast, but you're talking about business or if you don't talk about the leadership podcast, but you're talking about Jiu-Jitsu. You know, like if you let something beat you down and you don't get this strength, like that's a loss. There's gray areas like when Captain Plum was saying, hey, he got told an order, you know, make communications with this guy at all costs. You know, the opposite of that was Dick Winners was talking about how he had, and I don't know if I talked about it on the podcast, but in the book conversations with Dick Winners, you go through a big section where he talks about some of the guys and his company. Like if this bit like you dry it, you know, but it's that. I mean, maybe like your wife was at awkward when I got in the civilian sector and people would be like, when's your birthday? You know, good voice, you just have to think, you know, we don't do voices. And I was like, I was like, oh, just like stuff. And if people are looking for you, they see you talk about XYZ or like, you know, I sure I can look up. Because it's not like I'm going to say, okay, well, you know, he's clearly with insurgents. And the guys in the middle, all the gray guys, I know them when I see them, but a lot of times I know 100%. And if you think about somebody that's cowardly in combat, that says, oh, you know, what, you know, echo you go first. I mean, they might be, you know, intellectual or, you know, they might be able to think about it. Like these, these people that they're going to kind of succumb to these positions or do all these low things to survive, so they can survive and you don't live on and all this stuff. So it's like if you went through the whole game, screwing people over, the jury's going to get you kind of thing. Like, well, you look at me like I was going to give you a smile. It's like as an individual or, you know, under a quote unquote normal circumstances, they just, they're just normal people. Yeah, you know, and that's kind of like a thing. And he called him the killers and he actually went on and said, hey, you know, I don't want to call him killers because that's going to give the wrong impression. If you, it's kind of, in a matter of speaking, playing at safe where you're just hiding under the wing, you might attach yourself to someone or you'll avoid any kind of, you know, risky, persuasion, and so in survivor, you can make it far like that as well. And you know, Everlast, when he got done, Everlast was like, hey, that's cool. And I, you know, and, and man, I, at this point, you know, lost Mark, lost Mikey. And so definitely not sitting here saying, oh, you know, I know. And it won't always be easy, but, you know, it's like, well, let me, let me, let me, let me do this. Vimeo is kind of for like professional people who fancy themselves as like film makers. It's exactly like YouTube except for the fact, which now that I'm thinking about it makes sense, where if you upload a video and you're like, oh man, in one of these titles midway through the video, I spelt it wrong. You know, so it's funny when people are like, I'm not on YouTube. I don't know if I just said, I don't know if it's on the podcast or not. But it seems like they're saying it and thinking that they sound so profound and deep and new and inspirational, you know, but everyone's saying it. And the only way I could do that, because if you can give the podcast a name like, you know, the, the, the, the, this podcast. It should know just like a little thing. One was awarded the Medal of Honor and one of the things that Captain Plumb was talking to us about is Captain Plumb said that they got word from Stockdale and I'm going to misquote it by I'm going to do my best. And again, going back to this idea that war reveals human nature and this is Dr. Frankl's way of putting this exact same thing that I say back to the book, Life and a concentration camp tore open the human soul and exposed its depths. You know, like that's the decision you got to make. And I mean, unless you straight up disagree with the Geneva convention, you know, and because of your personal moral code, but as long as you have again, a standard that you're going by that'll reduce the gray areas by a lot. You know, a lot of times I know it's natural. You know, death isn't so close that, you know, one slip up your death. I'm not, you know, certainly an expert on how to overcome, you know, horrible situations. And yet if they let it beat them down, it's going to, it's going to everything is going to look down. And that's kind of like what I feel like right now. And it's not that hard to figure out that a lot of people are going to step up and say, cool, all of you, those people because I need to live, need to live. And so, you know, I had to make sure I wasn't coming across like, hey, it's no big deal. But in just like, are you saying, like, your attitude or another way to put it is what you're looking for to internalize? And I'm sure they'd like, I'm kind of treestock, you know, re-stock. So when you have hard time waking up in the morning or you have hard time because you're tired and you want to skip the workout or you have hard time because, you know, it's lunchtime and I'm all hungry and all they have is donuts here or whatever. And it's like, you know, everyone kind of knew in the seal teams. Or you just hid behind this guy because he's strong by the same time, just like how you're saying, if you're brave or you're going to stick to your morals and be honest with everyone, you'll get voted off real quick. I don't think a lot of people want to know the answer to. And then I said, I gotta, you know, this, this is me taking care of my kid and I need to do a damn good job. And they're loving, you know, and they're, you know, he's playing with his kids. And one person, you know, he actually, he like fought us on something else and took his hand off And that, you know, again, it's like, man, what's the alternative? And then everyone thought like me or I think like everyone else, whatever. But it was about the executioner in the middle east somewhere, you know, when these countries were, you know, he has his sword.