Like if you go week two weeks where you just were crazy and work, it was crazy and you know, you know, you know, you know, your health took a little to went down a couple of notches on the priority. I mean, and, how you say, don't be, don't like be hard in yourself, you know, like that kind of like the kind of like I suck. It's just it's kind of the influential element of the culture, you know, where it's like, and you know, my brother, he, he pushed that, you know, not kind of overtly, I guess, but it's more it was like, you guys have to do this. Like, I don't know, it's hard to not draw the analogy, not the analogy, but the comparison between like your boss and subordinates type situation and parenting kids, you know, like for sure. So, and then, but then it, from what I heard, like sometimes when people ask questions, it'll kind of, but this one's kind of ambiguous, but sometimes people ask it, ask a question or make a statement comment, whatever, in terms of take responsibility or take ownership of, like, not of the problems or the solutions, but like before the mission, like, this is my mission. It'll have like, you know, they do like, and you know, development stuff like that. Yeah, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like, really, it's a version of going behind someone's back. You didn't, man, man, man, man when you're in the situation, especially with work, you know, where your daughter's like, you know, in the hospital or whatever, and you're like, yeah, So, you know, but you say something like, you know, we both know that nobody benefits when people lose their temper, right? But there's also an extreme, and I don't know if you know this, I don't know how much you know about this, or if you've ever read about it, but there's an extreme side of longevity of trying, if you're goal in life was to live as long as possible, there's an extreme version of that. You know, you know, like, put money on your table, give you feed your kids and take money off their table, you know, and whether they're rich or not, money is money. If you want to see, you know, I guess what we look like, if you don't know, I feel like the guess. Just like are you saying sometimes people don't know necessarily that it's unethical or they don't know what's that unethical or something like that. Yeah, it's like part of the going through, I know this on low level, I guess I understand it's like a little bit. Like, you know, people fast for a specific reason, or even a kind of a general reason, but it's like, fasting alone isn't going to make you achieve whatever it is you're doing. So having those tough conversations like you're talking about having them upfront and whether it's your, rewrite, whether it's counseling somebody, whether it's dealing with, you know, my boss, who I want to tell, like, hey, I think there's a better way to do this. And you know, you're going to slide something tactfully, and they're tactfully, because again, you're still dealing with like, you know, Proposable flare-ups, and there he goes after me. I mean, just like how you were saying how like if you got to fire someone, you know, where you want to get to the point where you're dealing with it in the beginning. You know, certain parts of your brain or chemistry is going to make you lean towards certain types of behavior, like impulsive behavior or something like that. You know, and they make sense when you get a new rash guard is like, where you get a new gear, something like, oh, can't wait to go practice in my new geek kind of thing. But if you're like, oh, you're asking, you know, this kind of question where, you know, is it wrong to sacrifice health and all this stuff? Basically, I think Dave and took his man out of no, but he was like, hey, you believe this, there, whatever, you know, they're, they're mad at me for, you know, pissing in the shower at the gym. You might be like, hey, jocco, you know what I do is I just, I always hit everyone with this little extra $12 charge, you know, no big deal, no one ever notices it. He's like, man, I gotta get the, he's like, I've, you know, my squads and charge to cleaning the showers. The further we go down that road, it gets harder and harder and harder because then you start saying, hey, you know, it's only, you know, we've been to gaming like 12 bucks. When I was in task in a bruiser, I didn't lay anything like that out for the platoon commanders, for life and the adult platoon commander and say, here's the brawls and I did that over a long period of time, over a year work up now that, now within a few months, they kind of knew what the deal was, but if I would have, if that would have been my normal job and I would have been getting a new platoon commanders every three months, every time they came in, I'll be like, are you a new platoon commander? Interesting how you, and it seems like this is the common theme to how you're, uh, like you want to try the most and the best you can to deal with it yourself, like the most for sure. Is that kind of like when you make a donation to charity, but you want like everyone to know that you did it. Like, one of those guy actually mentions this name before I'm like, I mentioned because pissing shower, but he's like talking to me while he's pissing in the shower. You know, so you really get the, to me is what it feels like is like, that's kind of how the book is supposed to feel. And they even have like rat, like I said, rash guards, the rash guards like if you work for frag mob, it'll say staff on the back. Because really, you know, a lot of time your kids are like, all you have really, it feels like. He was like, okay, you know, he, he kind of did that, you know? Well, I think it was gladiator that movie when they're like, I don't know, it's like the emperor or something came up. And it's like, you know the kind of like, I'm not injured. But again, just like how you said, it's like, so it's like this big burden in life. You know, it's a complete, just like lifting, like with lifting, you need nutrition. And that, you know, you have a, I don't know, disagreement, any, any ripples in the water where the instinct is to point fingers, you know. I'm just going to have to live with it or wait for, you know, the time where I don't know how to skip workouts, whatever. And again, the interminute fact, like if you're talking about this, like, you just brought him to like 10,000 questions on Twitter. So like, you know, like, I mean, it's a litter, it's a litterer. My goal is to actually raise the situation to you and bring it up to you and say, hey, echo, you know, the way we've been doing this job, you know, I think we should do it a different way. It's like, it's like a, what do you call like, customary almost, for reasons, of course. Because it kind of seems in a way countering to, I guess if you understand the, the little subtle dynamics of it because you know how like, if the plan fails, boom, that's one, the extreme ownership is really gonna show it's it. You know, I'm going to take the time to build a relationship with my immediate boss and they're going to do what I want them to do. But I don't know what, people are going to say, people are going to ask on the interwebs to talk more about intermittent fasting. You know, when we were going through training and something was screwed up, I'd be like, hey, this is my fault. It's like, hey, I'm going to, you know, bring some by their will. If you got a sacrifice a year and a half, two years and you're going to grind it out like an investment bank or the chills up on Wall Street is going to grind for two years. Just know and understand that it's going on and then on top of that, on top of it, your job is to be strong, you know. And let's just mean my temper going to be like, my temper is going to get me in trouble. And it almost even feels like, even if you tell them, it's, it feels like, oh, you're going to pop my hand. Yeah, I think it's like, I think that that, like that outlook on it is important because that's not just easy to do, especially man, and me, probably I've been lucky. But it's like, there is no free time or spare time or you know, work that there's just time. If I'm the type of person that's going to report you for scimming money from the customers, then I should tell you like, man, that's not going to go, no. Like you feel like you're just going to throw up in your mouth. You know, when we got the moster, it's like, I was talking about how when you start taking ownership of things. And you say something like, hey, you know, that thing that made you mad, I want to make sure it doesn't happen again. And it sounds, when you like you said, when you get used to hearing it, when you get used to hearing people take ownership of things, when somebody doesn't, it sounds like Satan is screaming out of their mouth and just horrible. You know, in prompt two, you know, kind of, and that was kind of my thing. Anything going behind someone's back, it just, like, how you say it, it's like, sometimes you can't repair that. You're not going to do it because you're not going to get credit and you're not going to do it because you don't care that much about making me look good. Kind of like when you're kid in your, you got to deal with your older brother or something, but instead of dealing with him, you go and tattle on him or something like that. Not going to have any name in that boss asked me about this and he was mentioned, you know, I mentioned this other way of doing it and he thought it might be a good idea and I just want to give you heads up in case he says anything. That's not good, you know, that's actually, it might not seem like a big deal, but you're taking money. However, you're, however you feel that's going to influence not going to totally control, but that's the thing that's going to influence your behaviors. Be, if you're having, like, if your kids have a temper, and they're easy to anger, it's because chances are, I don't know, everybody, of course, but chances are, they got it from the parents. So, you know, the point is like, I think a lot of people feel that. Because I knew I was going to be on a tight timeline and knew it was going to have to, you know, get some workouts done. So some of the dumbest things I've ever done was when I love, you know, everyone knows that, but you know, you say you start sliding those things in there that it's bad for your decision-making. You know, but it's in and same thing with Captain Plum, you know, same thing. You wear it one time you're like, all right, you know, maybe I'll wear that again. Before I go, I'll research due to gyms and fitness gyms where I can work out because like you said the hotel gym is like, if you don't have anything else in you, but you still have time. So, you know, we just, you know, sometimes we get to get a little charge of the lexter on that install, right? You know how you say, okay, take responsibility, because it seems like anyway, from what I told think I told Anderson with extreme ownership is here. Do you find that, like, even with the expression extreme ownership or, in this case, paid with all the responsibility, do you find that not people get confused, but, you know, So and compare that to the directly like people would be like, hey, making money is important. Yeah, because you know, you know, when you really don't have time. Actually in college, we play football and we did like a nice facility too at UH, but the showers were like guys who do it all the time. Like you can't like just let them do the wrong thing. So now in all these situations or if it's not a full on turnover because that you're going to walk away from, but if it's just a, you've got some other group, small entity or people that are coming in, you're not going to be able to give them that full 100% decentralized command, right? They've only been to you for three months and, you know, I don't know what the timeline is to, for a vascular surgeon to get total trust in their subordinate vascular surgeons or their subordinate team members, but I'm sure it takes longer than one to three months.