You know, people have these pet peeves about, like for example, when people call me boss, you know, you know, when people say, hey, what's up? So a lot of people, especially if they're trying to cut up or drop some weight, and you know, if you're training for something, you got to make weight that's, you know, that's going to be a little bit more specific strategy, but a lot of times people will starve themselves. I know, I know some guys that have done extreme yoga, and I think extreme yoga is, you know, once you go beyond what is normal or a little beyond normal, you start to injure yourself And I think that when people, I think when people take extended periods of time off, and by that I think I mean, you know, you're starting to get into like two weeks, three weeks, maybe a month of not doing anything. Say stuff like, hey, it was true, you know, they say something that's rude or whatever and they'll be like, hey, I speak the truth if you don't like it kind of that's like lack of tact. Also, when it in regards to being conscious of, like, your movement a lot of times, I know this is the case for me, where I'll get little injuries from just like, racking or unracking weights just because it's like, oh, maybe I need to do more functional training, my friend. And I think one of the things that, the kind of the thing that I say to people when they say, Look, this is crushing me and I feel horrible and I don't know if I'm going to be able to get back. They know that there's a battle going on within you, that there's a battle you've got to fight every day, that there's a spirit that's going to be rebuilt when it's broken down. But they're all, I mean, we could just sit here and the rest of this podcast could be, you know, I come in up with the various frictions in life, whether it's, you know, who want to sleep more, want not, not the gym isn't close enough to my house. and you, um, like, how you're staying, bodyweight squats, you'll just do, you know, like if you're, if you had a six-squat workout planned, and you feel your lower back or your IT band is a big one where when you, when you get after it in squats, that'll, um, a lot of times act up. And when you work on this, what I learned early on and understanding the importance of this, I think really, really helped is if you eat right after you work out, don't think that you're going to eat a meal, and that's going to fuel your workout. And the whole thing was, you know, it said a lot, the whole thing was exercises the only thing that affects every other part of your life, the only thing. And this is how do you figure out when something is like, you know, the right thing to do, do the right thing. But you're going to listen, you're going to learn, you're going to talk to people about what you're doing. You know, we're going for a deadlift and then you're going for a mile time run So when you're doing something, if you say, okay, I'm going to go on, you know, cable news tomorrow and I'm going to debrief everybody what I did. Yeah, like you know people, rude people, for example, they'll they'll say stuff. I think stretching is important, but I think people take it to an excess, and I think when you do too much of it, I think it's, I think it's causes problems. The only thing that gets added if you are sort of a technical expertise, you can be a little bit more of a sanity check on, you know, let's say a plan that people are coming up with. You know, you know, it's, you got a million reasons. Another thing that I think is important about it is, you know, we talked about on the last podcast is, changing your goals and constantly chasing after different goals. I don't know why dude, actually, you know what? This may seem obvious, but when you do like higher rep, like heavier weight or not higher reps, sorry, heavier weight, lower reps or real explosive stuff, you're going to be more prone to injury. And, you know, then I'd try and do my other body parts and, you know, could do pull up still. Your people have got to know that you cannot think that you care about them. I'm always telling people like when they're feeling negative, and they're feeling like they're injury, but I'm always telling people they're probably lacking fats. So if that were to happen in some stressful situation, someone attacks you or someone fires a gun in your presence and it's, you know, this commotion, just dealing with the fact that a gun was fired alone is like this huge battle that you have to, they, they, essentially lost because you're not, you just not used to it. People always ask me, and I get done working out, you know, like five or six, well, maybe six o'clock in the morning. And so we put them in the middle and they're getting fresh guys, you know, every two minutes, one minute, sometimes four minutes, sometimes five minutes depending on what they're going into. So again, it is almost, I don't know if at some point I'm going to stop being surprised and stop being shocked and stop. And they're like, just the, just the impact and your whole, your whole thing, you know, when, when you fire a gun. You know, don't do things that are going to hurt you. But, you know, injuries are going to happen in life. And then the other thing that happens is when you have these injuries, you know, you're, you got to adapt your goals. And really avoiding those types of movements when you feel an injury start to come on, like if you get a little lower back thing or a shoulder thing. Yeah, and that's kind of what I've always thought when I hear people say rude things and be like, oh, it's okay for me to say these kinds of kinds of things because they're true.