And in those cases, when you're quote unquote outwork, you know, what imaginance, easy to just come, but like what I'm saying is just your everyday life, you know, you talk about like with your kids or something like that, is it easy to to boom, detach at a moment, notice or is it the kind But I think that as what they're trying to do, I think they know attention spans are short, but I also think that attention spans have been so coddled now that people actually want the long form and that's why I think podcast as in general are doing really well because people don't people want to get engaged and listen to an actual opinion or not even an opinion, but facts or. I can give you some perspective, and my perspective is, you know, for those, you've got to know if you're going to join the military, you better know that that's truly what you want to do. Yeah, so a lot of times in MMA where you see a guy, you know, boom, you got the other guy on the ropes and he maintains, you know, a guy getting too excited, you know, he risks punching himself out. If I try a GJ, you know, and then I try it again, you already know it's like if I try one on you, it's tight close, but you get out, you're defending it like crazy. But if you, if you, because think about it, if you have somebody that truly is in a high thread area, you know, you take a woman or an older person that doesn't have great physical strength and they're in a high thread area to tell them that, you know, learning jiu jitsu is going to be the best thing for them is wrong. What, you know, like, like, you know, we'll be walking down the street, there'll be some kind of a situation in the street. Like those are cool, you know, but what do you, if you want to, I, and I think a lot of people they want to sit down, they want to see these guys shaping boards. They got sales, they got to do, they got numbers, they got to reach, they got all these things going on. It really seems like that's like the goal, you know, to make it, to have it be just like a young condition. yeah, where the dim rock where you're going to like, I'm going to touch your neck and you're going to fall back. I think it was Joe Rogan was saying, you know, when you're talking about podcasts themselves, you know, you're saying the news people need to learn from podcasts. So it's like you're pulling the trigger the same way or whether or not there's going to be, you know, the same way. And it's crazy how the guys who go to debunk it, those like, you see, actually, one and one where the guys will go to the dojo and be like, hey, I'm a skeptic, you know, do your thing to me and knock me down. So, you know, we're talking, you know, taking normally it takes years, you know, four, five years to build an aircraft carrier. And to think about this, we do, we have, we have, we like things and you know what we generally like? That each thing I've done that before, like actually a lot of times just to see not because one would see a tough I can be with not scratching the edge, but just to see like what's going to happen to the edge? Yeah, and you hear that romantic story, where, you know, this guy did that, you know, he was tired of his job, so he just humped and quit and then he got desperate and he fell back and all this stuff. You ever hear two people debating or something, not professional debaters or nothing, but there are going to point, you know, one guy's point versus the other guy's point. Of course, if you teach someone some aggressive movements that they're going to do, and they're going to memorize those movements, and then they do it to a person that doesn't know how to fight. And you're actually helping too because when you write a review and you kind of let people know what's up with it, what's up with the podcast, then they go, oh, this sounds like something I should listen to. You know, like, I know how to breathe. Like if you have another round, let's say you're on your last set of like, I don't know. For leaving your job that you don't like anymore, because you want to start something new, set things up, set up an extra strategy, plan for it, suck up the job that you don't like while you're saving money while you're getting a landing place ready. Like there's times where Dean, I know exactly what he's going to do. Thus the science of martial arts involves the presence of mind to act and see where the enemy is like a mountain and act as a mountain when the enemy is like a sea. So or you're going to not panic, or you're going to dreadfully defend that position harder and you're going to sacrifice across side. It just, you know, when you get caught off guard, it's like, oh, you got your mind has to explore all these options. Like if there's litsa, if it's like a cited issue, you know, you say the one and there's so many details and nuance to it. They are actually failing because they are trying too hard to make people happy, they are trying too hard to adapt to what people are the feedback that they are getting and like what are your principles? They got some knots in them and they're a little bit crooked and what you have to do is you have to learn how are you going to use them, where you're going to put them. Now, doing four years, a four year hitch in the Marine Corps, the Army, in the Navy, in the Air Force, it's going to be good for you, and it's not like it's a light permanent lifetime thing, and it'll probably teach you a lot. But like I'm not going to die, I can make it to this evening when I'm going to eat a nice big dinner. And then the more experience you got, the more level headed you got, you can always tell a good balancer when they, you know, they can come in, they can take a children knock it. That's one of the things that's so good about the master is because with the interaction, it can be hard for people to birth these ideas from their own mind, like, to take the seed that comes from extreme ownership or comes from the podcast to take that seed and and plan it and have it grow. But just... Back to the book, knowing that mentality, taking straight forwardness as basic, taking the real mind as the way, practicing martial arts in the broadest sense, thinking correctly, clearly and comprehensively, taking emptiness as the way you see the way as emptiness. Hey, we put them on there for four minutes if someone doesn't like this subject, they'll got someone else coming on and you know, in four minutes later after the commercial break. If you didn't know what that is, which I know many people do, but in the event of you not knowing in this case, psychological warfare is an album with tracks. And I'm not going to do all of them, but I'm definitely going to give enough to give the feeling of the book, which is very, it's very instructional in the way it's talking to you, which I dig. And with debate a lot of times comes interruption, you know, like your saints are in an interruptive, right? Because you know, you have, you just have to say whatever it is you're going to say you've got to say it in one maybe two maybe three sentences. That's one of the drawbacks of having the same training partner, you know, because you're like, I'm training with Greg so much that we just sit in this weird, stalemated position so much at the time. That's like, you know, you say, don't focus in on these little details that come come about in a big situation. I like the fact that he's talking about understanding your opponent's traditions, understanding their cultures, what he's talking about, you've got to understand what your opponent's culture is, and in an individual level and on a social level, all of it. Yeah, yeah, like when I see something, you know, if I see, let's say a lifeguard situation, you're on the bottom of the beach or I'm down at the ocean Because really, the, the default I think for, you know, your average person is, it's not like, okay, what's the scenario? Technically, you know, the ways the culture, all this stuff, you know, not as accurate as maybe it could have been, but a fun watch, not the left. At the end of the day, the person that's signing the dotted line, the person that's going to drop out of college, they can join the military, or drop out of their, sometimes I'll get, hey, I want to start, I want to leave this job to start my own business. Starting that concern, the true science of martial arts means practicing them in such a way that they will be useful at any time and teach them in such a way that they will be useful in all things. In large skill military science, this means that you assess adversaries, minds on the battlefield and use the power of your knowledge of the art of water manipulate their attention, making them think confusing thoughts about what you're going to do. But if you're going to do something, you've got to remember that you signed that dotted line, you might be going to war. You know, you can't just like you can't watch this shape, someone doing the same shape for a long time. We have the publisher made book marks that say, way the warrior kid on one side, you know, it's got Mark doing a pull-up. In individual martial arts as well, you try various maneuvers according to the opportunity of the moment, making the opponent think you are now going to do this. Seven steps to, you know, this and four because those are just clickbait people like, The way to win in a battle according to military sciences to know the rhythms of specific of the specific opponents and use rhythms that your opponents do not expect producing formless rhythms from rhythms of wisdom. And then when you see that thing happening act quickly, you know, you see something shady going on, move towards that exit. Meaning that people weren't thinking, oh, they're going to, they're going to make it all stupid, all salesier, or whatever. That's the, oh, I see bad things going on on my side of the street and I'm going to walk across the street and avoid it. Then you get these guys as young seal officers and they'd be embarrassed that they didn't know something about a radio or they'd be embarrassed that they didn't know something about a sniper weapon. Anyway, when you breathe those muscles, that you know, I mean, that help you breathe and your, you know, your ribs and your diaphragm. I know I'm just like, oh, I can't do that right now. And the other guy comes running in, hey, make her style, you know, like sloppy, but super aggressive. In the fact that you've got an only do you have different types of wood, but you also have different types of wood that has individual issues like a piece of birch is a lot different than a piece of eBay. You know, when somebody came up and squared off to me, or we had a real legitimate situation, it's not going to work. Just like in GJ2, when you learn an arm lock from Jeff Glover and you learn a lot of lock from Dean Lister, they're going to get Jeff Glover will give you 82 points of performance. I mean, that kind of stuff is I think those kind of martial arts are supposed to be more like yoga. I won't like that, but I don't know what it is right now. And if you have that, if you're not doing it for the right reasons, you're going to be, you're not going to be a happy person when you're over in the combat zone. and if he does that thing where he keeps the pace, and he, and you, man, he just, it's like he's pulling ahead, pulling ahead until you're like, until you die. You want to see what Jockel looks like if you don't know already. You know, this is sort of like my book of five rings. It means that when you think you're going to get into a deadlock, you stop right away and seize victory by taking advantage of a different approach. Because I know you got good defense, right? You know, boxing too, you know, the whole idea of a counter punch is that. Yeah, sometimes when you're watching surfing, sure you want to see a guy shred, you know, for a second or two, whatever, but sometimes you just want to sit back and watch the leaves. To be specific, it is impossible to reverse the direction of a large group of people all at once, while the small scale is hard to know because in the case of an individual, there's just one will involved and changes can be made quickly. I don't think you'll find like a like dumbbells though. You know those guys, you got it, you got it.