You know how people do like blogs and stuff like that, you know, if you're like a subscriber to a specific blog and you really like, you know, to the way they do things or whatever, you can, you can get that same effect in a smaller way, I think. That's kind of what I was thinking and something with kind of MMA, I think Jiu-Jitsu and MMA, you know, kind of the same deal where it's kind of real, you know, where, you know, you're talking about, you know, veterans come home and they come to everyday life and you people have no idea really what extreme stuff is, you know, you're walking around just not knowing. You know how like, where, I mean, I think you'd kind of know that you're kind of the coach, you know, as far as, because your coach is probably anyone who interacts with you and you're in a regular basis, they're going to kind of, at the very least look at you and know that you wake up early and get a lot done for a reason, by the way. And when you go out and when you hear people talking, you know, like, I just don't, I kicked that guy's ass, you know, kind of thing and you're like, oh my gosh, yeah, give you go to the gym one day with, do two rounds. But yeah, the run it, what I did like about running like, you know, three four miles, it what I found that that provided was, you know, when, you know, one will take take down battles and no one's getting each other. But if you do breast sergeant like demonstrating, I had a kind of a in the shoulder like from the day before and sergeants like dang you know, sergeant demonstrates kind of heavy handededly and he rips my shoulder and it I felt it pop out. But I feel like wrestling, like if you went, like wrestling is like a really good tool. and you need struggle, people need struggle and some of the feedback that I saw on social media was, you know, there's a difference between struggle and challenge and that a challenge is good but struggle is bad and and you know, I don't know and I'm not wishing struggles upon anyone. Dang, it's like, you know those eerie, you know like, when you see a person die whether it be on video or whatever. But you know, then you'll fall into certain pitfalls because you're like, dang, I didn't really expect it to be like this, you know? But, you know, like how you learn something new to bring, you know, XYZ element of your life to the next level kind of thing. You treat it like a for real workout like where you stretch it, you kind of push yourself, not in weight, but you know, you do a range of motion, all that stuff, every element of your rehab has to be real important to you, including the consistency. He's like, hey sir, I was wondering if you can be any good, you know, exercises I could do for for my shoulder, which I have, you know, a bad shoulder. You know, when I'm going to mention as you know, I'm doing some, you know, my very first year. You know how like certain things you go into certain situations and you're hit with feelings or certain things that you weren't expecting, you're like, dang, I didn't. As soon as I saw, we had to send munition and then once I realized how effective simulation was, I was like, you know, even need some munition, you can go run around literally saying bang, bang at each other, but you got people moving and it's going to help you. And I'm just going to fast forward once again, kind of like with the will bird going to the end where where kaputo kind of wraps up his, what he's going to bring home from the war. But you can definitely, but you just, you gotta be like conscious of it, though, and how you say like, you have to have your own self, like, it's self-discipline for sure, but what did you say? And, you know, you get the stutters like, you know, mouth in off to the guy, remember? In the spirit of fairness, they're very well could be like, you know, because a lot of these guys though, they'll have this vast background and like, Kemple karate. Also, psychological warfare, if you don't know what that is, I know you do, but let's say you didn't know what that was here. Doesn't know about your problems, doesn't know about your podcast, you know? What she do is all the little stable, stable, as they should muscles in there, like these weird motions and stuff like that, a lot of times that's worth another good, another good compliment. So it's like the lottery winner, you know, the guy who wins the lottery, he's like I'm not going to go max squat, you know, four of this later, you know, kind of thing. And you like in law enforcement and stuff like that, they hold it like this. You know, it's like you're like, oh my And I know this because other people tell me this and I feel this where even if I'll get hammered this back then, you couldn't really tell that people would be like, oh, you don't even seem at all mean on the inside. Especially if you like like fuck, you know, if you go in bench. But if you're into like interesting type workouts, you know, how like, did you have a Mace? I don't know what they are, but it's like, you know, these are for working out. You know, like to, you know, you do it on Amazon. You have to straight up know what a normal person isn't going to, there will be destroyed after because they're going to be in a competition, why about mode going as hard as they can. When you don't even know what's going to happen, and if you're going to live, how much meaning does life have if you're not going to live it? Oh, you got to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. yeah, they don't, that's not a hand in hand thing like so if you if you're concerned about whether you know whether not to get your bench back up after you have a shoulder injury, okay, but they still the bench has nothing to do with recovery from the shoulder injury. It gets back out to a line company and now he's on patrol talking about, not only what that's like externally, but what it's like mentally, psychologically, going back to the book. I was like, yeah, you muscle ups and he kind of looked at me a little strange and then later realized that you know, I was having fun and that's a joke. If that guy's like I'm going to go into another one of the other alien life form could be something that we could barely even imagine of what it's like. So I think if you actively do that, where, I mean, I'm speaking from a place of supreme luxury, by the way, in regards to this, where, you know, I'm like, you're talking about it directly to me every single week. You know, it's kind of like, I'm going to spend that money anyway. Or talk to a scientist about the probability of human life like how incredibly tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, just like all the little things that had to happen first to end up here. That's why I haven't done barbell bench press and I don't even know how long, especially like a going for max. Yeah, it's kind of like a guy in the say basketball who, you know, he has a home court or something It's like another thing, you get that passage of time when you go away for two or three months and you go back to where you're from and it seems like, oh, how long you've been gone for three months? And part of the rehab is like these stabilization for your core, and then they'll be like, I'm not going to skip that day because I don't feel anything. Remember one time I rolled with him and and I think you may have like seen part of it or something and you were like, Oh, how was it rolling with sergeant? So Joe and I were just kind of talking about that and someone came on and said, you know, you don't know what you're talking about. You can be cross-side mounted on me and you're not going to make, and I know, I know. And you know, I kind of said, man, I know I'm not saying that. Like, yeah, you know how you kind of explain how the roll went or whatever. I think this is a big deal where even if you repeat yourself, even if you answer the same question, literally the same question over and over again, it's like, you know when you go to school or college or whatever. I know that's the two rounds they go, well, that might have been luck, but and then after you submit someone three times they're like, okay, that there's something I don't understand here and I want to learn it and give them one ten minute round. Do you think there is or isn't, you know, you know, the wizard be proof of concept right there. It's just like, you get to like six months of you get to destroy someone with no you get to six months of boxing, does pretty damn good against someone with no boxing. So when you take that and someone, you know, when someone shows up at the MMA gym and this is, we know I got a lot of street fights. You're letting me know, okay, now we got this and I'm like, Dang, I just basically've been recovering all day. When you feel like eating just picture Tony, yeah, just picture BTF, Tony, sitting there going, you're not going to die if you don't have that. And her thing was like, you know, if a person can live for 30 days without food, I can make it till post weigh-ins. And so when his son couldn't go in the Marine Corps, he was kind of like, okay, you know, you can serve in other ways, and Eugene Sledge wanted to serve. And that's why it kind of, in a way going back to what you said about having a coach is where the coach will be like, hey, shark tank. And that's something that definitely, every guy I know that's been overseas, every guy, everything we look at we see to some kind of military terrain in a city for me, especially it's in the city, because I did most of my combat was urban combat and that's so I'm looking at all the time, not only on the highway, on the buildings when you're sitting around, you're sitting in a hotel room looking out and the street, everything that you look at, you look at from a combat perspective. Even just in a way, a different point where it's like, you know, what would it take to make humans and wind up being humans? So a little range was rotators, any rotators stuff like this, like throwing ball motion just controlled and that's been to get you back. And contrary to that, envision what you will feel like later when you let the discipline slack, you know the feeling. Because the question that you have about how many hours are sleep at night and what time are going to go to bed and you know those kind of things. You know what's like what you ever hear people say. And I'm like, yes, sir, and I go back and try, you know, trying to best so-play to my stuff. I feel like we should, like we always do in a disciplined way, talk about it. I'd be messed, you know, not that, like, happy to be awake, but without one in every, that would never show dealing with other people. So people, some people, I forget when I said, I don't know if I said it on here, but, um, where people would get a shoulder injury, for example. You know, and if you get in my face and I punch you in the face, you know, if you look at me and say, what's your problem? And I don't actually think, again, I'm no literary expert, but I don't think he means that with the negative connotation of warped being negative and bad, but I think he means like a departure from the normal, a departure from the straight line. If you're into those interesting workouts and it's cool because you can like look up a bunch of workouts just for one kettlebell, you know? You know how like, I got the movies. If you look at it backwards, it seems really like, oh my gosh, this is this crazy, you know, almost impossible. Don't, to me, and I don't know, I don't know the history of the this question or nothing, but bench press for shoulder injuries in recovery. You know, I feel like I feel bad about it. You know, like, that's kind of relative to.