Yeah, and people know People that know no people that listen Right if they listen they know same thing with this shirt if they don't listen they're not gonna know if they listen You're gonna get cred We're doing all this stuff as a group So let's jokalo Our current leader I think this is a group without a leader until someone tells them to stop then we're all stopping anyway Also good way to support And this is just to support yourself and support the group really because you know, okay, so this book these books all these books We read these books sure we're just in jok go over it and it's dope, but you know You want to get the book if you want to get the book and we know I'm reading less than 10% of the books. That's good But get it for your team because I'll make your life easier if you want to do that we also have echelon front consulting me Lavebabbin jpe to know Dave Burke Get your team aligned So your leadership can crush your enemies and by the way don't try and book us through a speakers agent if you know what that is if you know what that is Don't do it Don't Look online and find our literary agent and try and book don't do that We have a company it's called echelon front book through the company info and echelon front dot com email that That's how you get us to come and work with your Company the master We just got done with one next one September 14th and 15th in San Diego. You know, that kind of what so is that kind of move is one where you got to like go between the guys like lift up into, you know, heal hook or whatever like last you choose. Yeah, especially if just like I said, there wasn't like some enemy kind of feeling towards you like, you know, it's not like, oh, we're defending ourselves against this enemy. It is going to sell out this factual It is going to sell out it is factual it is gonna sell out Because all three of the first ones have sold out this one's gonna sell out to register go to extreme ownership dot com if you want to come to it If you don't want to come stay at home, that's fine, too Whatever Hey, also if you train jiu jitsu or if you don't train and you want to start training Speaking of origin Main we're doing the origin immersion jiu jitsu camp up in main echo and I are going to be there training and cruising super hard I'm fairly certain it's for brain health, you know, and I think the new mood It like mood part of it is more of like a kind of a happenstance kind of cool thing like But like, you know, you do something like, you know, you're example or you ever see, you know, you see this all the time where you say something, you're on stage, you say something kind of cool. I got the master had this t-shirt on yeah, and the most bad and at first I was like, you know I was like oh man, so I'm gonna see victory guy and then I was oh even cooler And I'd be kind of a few kind of psychos saying refreshing to know that they didn't get that much punishment aside from some name calling, you know, because you don't think over that like that. So if some guy was like, hey, you know, I'm Bill, I'm running the experiment, hey, shock this guy, if the guy was no authority, they got no, they got no, none, no, it's that shows you. It freaks people out when you say, you know, I'll go and work with a company and I'll be saying like, no, I want your people. I think when you think of it like all this in it, you know, they got to say, you're saying, yeah, people. So going back to the book uniformly, Hoffman's men offered a different perspective, meaning it's not just like, you know, he's sick to stomach and blah blah blah. Because everyone's like, hey, yeah, you know, like the true you want. I could totally, but Jeff was like, oh, kind of like dang, because I'm bigger guy too, you know. So that, yeah, especially like I said, if they're scared of the authority, it's like, okay, the tipping point is going to be more for sure. I don't know what I'm saying is though is somebody that somebody that like Doesn't want to just be forthcoming like for instance A lot of the shirts that we have that have layers to them. And he does recognize that just by wearing his rank, when he says something, people kind of like going to do it, they got, well, they want to do it. Yeah, in the police, but it's not necessarily, you know, a person being a truck driver is like, you know, this exclusionary occupation. Like if I gave you time to say, if I was like, hey, echo, we got to go do this thing right now. You know, the kind where you're like, okay, I'm going to link up with whoever to go train or to go work out of whatever. You know, like, you know, when you come up through the jujitsu ranks, you just, you just find a certain move or handful of moves and you just, those moves, you get better out of quicker than other. Can you teach me that amount on escape that you got Like whatever you know those things we're gonna do we're gonna do that Or as the leadership team, or even as the guys that are on the front of the point man, the point man selecting his own, you know, going down to the front line troops, the point man is selecting the route. Go to onit.com slash jockel 10% off and support the podcast You know we're on this thing together kind of thing, you know Other stuff on on it. You don't know exactly what like know the darkest right? They're gonna get the whole thing and they're gonna be like holy cut chocolate It's like if you listen to a band But this is the book this is the book inside the cover So a couple things does this have a flashy cover that's gonna attract you know people to buy it. If I do, if I'm doing something that they showed me, I'll like, I'll like call him out like a little kid. But you get something where there's going to be, there might be some resistance, some risk, you know, of pain or, you know, whatever kind of punishment. And not to say that this is the case all the time, I'm just saying that's like an example of how you can avoid getting better and only show off like XYZ to get you to that kind of next specific level. And they're getting called cowards and weaklings by the guys that are actually cowards and weaklings that are going out and executing people back to the book as with first company alcohol is made available to the policeman under Drucker and Steinmeetz, who stayed in the forest and continued shooting. But it takes like, if you're an advanced person, you know how to, you know how to move your body You know, there's going to be a certain level of like a, there's discipline in place for a reason. There's a lot of other things We could actually we could actually Re-shoot like re-record just the pertinent parts of you can't edit it out without like yeah When they realized, you know, those guys that stepped forward, they might have thought they get put in the ditch because there's some, and I didn't cover this part, but there's there's definitely some parts where guys like, hey, we'll put you in the ditch. You know, don't want guys like, hey stop. So after a while, I was like, hey, you know, we, there's too many treats going on these days. Well, let's say I imagine a scenario like that where the lady's going to shoot this guy because the guy's attacking the kid is on the thing. I know, I know, I know, At the end of the work, I, you're like, dang, I almost didn't, I almost didn't make it to the good thing, you know? You know, like little riots break out, normal people destroying cars. But still like I said, that was a small percentage of 10% maybe 15% of people that said no, I'm not going to do it. So I guess it's sort of like, maybe maybe the negative aspect would be like, I'm looking for some credit for pulling off of the move, the little guy move, totally different. You're not going to find that it's like all these guys had those kind of fascist qualities about them, right? And so when I told my daughter, I was like, no, you know, we're not going to do this. You know, I didn't, I wasn't like, oh, then you're going to be a loser or something. But how is it, you know, when someone else is feeling going to know that that's a, that's a precedent. Is that the group that you think is going to be all you're going to be able to take out and get them to murder thousands and thousands of people face to face? I think if they knew, I wonder if they knew for sure that there wasn't going to, you know, because some guys were getting called names. Now one of the interesting points that they bring up in the book and I want to cover the whole thing but it's worth mentioning is that this guy Hoffman, one of the, one of the captains, he has this strange stomach illness, like he gets upset to his stomach. So we have the battalion doctor who's instructing some of the men and you're going to see that it wasn't all of them to take the bayonet, which is on their rifle, put it on the back of the neck as an aiming guide to know where exactly where to shoot. And the group's talking about like, you know, doing good stuff. Yeah, it seems like that that was like the moral part of it right or wrong. It's not, it's not like there's, you know, he says, hey, there's, there's women and children being bombed back in Germany right now. So basically what I'm getting out of this is you saying, like, no, it's like, you can't really say it's that either, right? Yeah, because you have like, if you have that choice, like back to the part where the 12 guys stepped out. Yeah, they're all they're all good lessons How many people see you know podcast three hours and 27 minutes and go come on jok But at the same time, the guy who's a waiter could have these other qualities, you know, like how you're talking about. And when we jump onto the bench and we take on lofty challenges on the bench press We're gonna grab a guide of spot us not to say he's gonna touch the bar and not to say any of that, but We that we have a lofty challenge, so we got the spot to ensure our success So to me If you're not doing anything if you're not pursuing anything then this isn't for you You just gotta get up and whatever time you get up and go to wherever you do whatever you do come home to your thing Which is cool. Check it out if you'd like One or more of the items on there including but not limited to shirts Get something there's also rash guards and hoodies Kind of I got to replenish those I understand but some rash guards on there and The next hoodies are gonna be thick and heavy a lasking style You know, these people, the shooters are saying, hey, I don't want to be a coward, so I wanted to go shoot.