You know, like, you're, whatever the case may be, like, when everything's perfect, the little imperfections show themselves more, you know, like, if your life is like, everything's together, we're, you know, your job is good and your family's good or whatever, but meanwhile, like, you're, I don't know, your front lawn is going brown. So in jiu-jitsu when you first start, you know how like, like, guys, just going full speed the whole time, you know. You don't know if it's friendly, you don't know if it's a tank round being fired, you don't know if it's an ID going off, you don't know if it's a mortar round impact and you can't. We're going to get up, we're going to run as hard as we can, when we when we know we're going to get hit with the shell, we're going to get down and take cover. You can start supporting those, you know, kind of like, you know, when you throw sodium metal in water, you know? You know, you know, entering a situation where duty is going to be the most important thing to you, and you also know that the mission is the most important thing. You're like, my front lawn's going brown, you know, is like that kind of thing. And they watch like, you know, they watch like, Pippa pig or I don't know something. I think this is actually not a bad idea because, but you need to put, it's like when I do something else, you stuff on the minute, what makes me nervous about what you're saying is like, I like rest for about 30 seconds. You know, snipers know that, hey, this thing, they get it down to really, you know, how many meters it is, and same thing with a good mortarman. You know, when all things are going real good, it's easy to point out the things that are not going good. It will be surprised that the weight you can get, like, let's say, you know, you picked the right weight that you can, like I do this 10 times. You know how like you go from thing to thing and you're like, hey, I've been to go to one thing on me. This is kind of my thought, my thought process on it is I'm going to do a certain kind of work capacity, you know, like a five reps of this and five reps of this. This isn't a guy who's saying, look, hey, we're going to charge this machine gun nest and I'm going to lose it, you know, half my platoon. You know, when I see our jockel podcast on, you know, number, whatever, where it appears like between one and 10 in the business section, that is good. Because they were, it was like, because there were the mix between these big, kind of almost like, bullies, not bullies, like, ugly people. You know, even if you don't know, you're like, well, consider the source kind of thing. But they were like, you know, when you play video game, you come against the boss who you look at him, you're like, I can't beat this guy. And you know that that was very interesting in the, I don't know if you remember some of those police shootings where I remember there's one in New York City where something like 57 rounds were fired at somebody that was unarmed. As opposed to, you know, I don't know, fire at will or, you know, all these other things that you hear. They know the exact, because what you, what you have to, you know the distance, Yeah, you know the distance at the mortar shoots at a certain elevation. You know, instead of making movies about Saint Low, they make movies about the aliens attacking or whatever, you know, so we just, it's pretty easy to forget that the reason we're here and the reason we're not speaking German is when the reason we're not speaking Japanese is because of this warrior culture here, which kind of, it's right up there. You've got to put that at the top of your priorities, and you know you're going to sacrifice guys and it's going to be a nightmare. When you, when you can sit or, like, even, let's say the Spartans, and you consider all their things, stop, this is like hand to hand sword to neck battles, just like dang that's, that's savage. And there's he's standing in his new command post and these new guys, he sees like a position that needs to be taken to make sure that you know we have some security around the command post. The guys were, you know, somebody said, hey, somebody grabbed the person that shot, hey, that was an AD, okay, wrap it back down, wind it down, everyone calm, you know what I mean? I like reading the reviews, but yeah, if you feel like leaving one, apparently it's like it helps. All right, at this point and also just like some of the other books we've read about World War II where we've got, you know, it's basically a movement. Like when you say, I'm going to do a weight 20 times, what I can, you know, say for lack of a better turn. I'm like, guys down, I'm going, you know. I know the compulsion, like I know the feeling. And speaking of Hawaii, like Kay, you know, like the, And You guys are pushing forward on the attack, and you take away, you chip away at them a little bit, you give them ground, you give them ground, and then when they get spread out, they're low on ammunition, boom, then you hit them on a counter attack, on a ground that you already know. I guess if you do this like, you never know what's going to happen. You know, like how it'll work and who's going to, he is. So it's a continual series of attack, dig in, attack, dig in, attack, dig in and you can tell from the title of the book, what they're going for is this final, you know, city of St. Low in France. They realize John's realizes that look, we're going to be, and the title of the book is clay pigeons, you know what a clay pigeon is right? It's funny too because when we talk about Battalion staff, you talk about, I don't know, a Battalion staff can be pretty big when you're in a big Battalion, but this is not a big group, this small group. What he said afterwards, he's like, hey, next time you work out, can you let me know? And I'll tell you what happens is, you know, for some reason they think, if you think somebody has a weapon or a suspect or is going to do something bad. So it's like, when he kind of says he can't help but be like, ah, you're right. So that night, he has a little company little huddle with the company commanders and you know, just to just to kind of spell this out if you're wondering what this is all about. They'll be like, you will go get a, and they'll be like, wait, I got to do this 20 times. So again, going back to the situation he's in right now, he's he's had all these casualties and they're like the major says hey, yep. But what they don't know is, if you're trying to shoot at something that you don't know exactly where it is, well, then you have to estimate the distance, which is a little bit challenging to do. So I was like, okay, what we're going to do is you're going to do kettlebell swings five. But if you think about a whole, you know, a battalion worth the guys are getting stopped by a guy in a machine gun. And what's interesting is those, like you said, if the, if the mortar hits outside of your foxhole by an inch, you're probably going to be okay because the mortar blast goes up and out when it hits the ground. And, and I'm telling you, like, and I've said this before, that thread of, and I actually don't like using the word or your culture, because it's so overused. And that's, you know, being off by 50 meters with a mortar is a big distance, not going to kill the target that you're trying to hit. And I don't think I'll ever do that, even though I kind of considered it last time you mentioned it, but then when I got in the workout room, I was like, yeah, Oh, because you're saying like the tabot, like, yeah, what you should do, you should do a minute 30 seconds. A range card means like, I know, because when you set up in a position, you could out your range grinder and you find out what the range and distance of everything that you're looking at. No, just yeah, this the overall context for us, for me, it was like, okay, you know, when you just knew that there was constant fighting on the water. Where, you know, just like, it happens when there's a gun shot and everyone starts running. And he was, and I was like, hey, come work out because I saw him, you know? Yeah, so it's like, it's like a little sky up and down. And the way that you fire at targets when you don't know what the distance is, you put the first one's going to be long. And a lot like, you know, the culture of art in America's massive, the culture of music is, is unbelievably powerful here. Yeah, that's not, I mean, it's like, I'd say when you're not trained, you don't have experience in those types of situations like the shooting example. They're like, man, I want to be like that. Because it could, it kind of sounds like it could mean like to distract them or something. And I exactly were talking about you're like a normal, like you're not maxing out at 10 reps with this weight. We were, you know, further into the deployment where guys had been through, it's just like we just talked about. So and he's actually got this right now in the book, but a battalion battalion in 1944 was about 900 guys 900 men 28 officers. Yeah, you know, in the context of the original words and stuff like that. So you have that knowledge where you, you're like, hey, I know the weight that I can do for 10. You know, that's one of those things too, where that's where you know from a leadership perspective. If you look at the weapons, like you can look like in the museum, just go online, whatever. I don't know if you know this, but that's a thing. These show me any warrior culture that has the same, that, you know, I know there's a equivalent. And like you work with a legit mortar team and the third round is going to be pretty damn spot on. And also if you want to get into it, like now, you want to find out really what's going on. When you're the battalion commander and you come up on the plan with a company commander and you think you've got everything right. You know, you're not like, you don't worry the one with your face on it, every day. Because he, you know, you know, dex and what he made it a crime and actually survived his prison term. They just trooped off down the alley together like a bunch of men going to the post exchange. The both, the allies and what we did in Normandy taking the beaches and what you did every time in a Pacific, taking the beaches, you're going against bunker positions like this. But the excerpts, you know, they're just like individual ideas that you talk about, boom, shareable. It's kind of like the field manual, a small little version, different subject book. So he needs a tank and then miraculously, and if you don't know anything about my incredible affection for tanks and for tankers, because of what they were able to do in the battle or body to not only for themselves, but to support and save my guys time and time again. I'm pretty sure Andrew Paul is at like the head of the train or close to the front of the train in inside that they were inside this building, rounds get fired and Andrew Paul's thinking, okay, I think I remember Andrew Paul telling me this. I know that there's other, I know there's other military units in the world. But when you really think about it, it's kind of a strange thing to add, but I think it adds like this personal touch. So I'm going to fire it out because mine's about to be super hard like it normally is. But you trade to a push-up with, you know, like, I just didn't.