But you know a loss of any team mate as you know as well as I do that like Mikey and and every time you know every time I lose even a new kid today which I've been out speaking to their class and stuff like that you lose a little bit more your heart. He's a guy kind of like I looked up to my father he was my sea daddy and he was always there for all of us and me and last night Tom Boyhand and me and Wayne Hampton and Mike Lechraas and how Kirkendall we're all getting a picture together and then remembering the great guys and we're all we're talking about Barry of course Barry fell past the way a few years ago and he's another guy you know it's like I say. Yeah, it's interesting to me, that I would, I think guys would feel more afraid when we were getting ready to go in the field, when even me, you know, when you have time to think, like, oh, we're going down the street, which is had, you know, 17 ID's on in the last four days. And that deployment what were you guys doing you guys were doing we guys deploying off of boats were you guys going in helicopters you guys going on foot patrols a little bit everything a little bit everything foot patrols basically sand pans. And so you guys decide or Tom, you know, let's you know, hey, let's do a small small group you're going to take five guys. You know how like when you listen, you're like, okay, you know, you kind of get a feel, but there's nothing in your heart of it. Then you got to go through the dam door and after you get through the door you got to prove yourself and like like you were saying we're a nobody back then you know if you had to have a couple of tours of it. So, you know, you know, have to be like, hey, made in America, but then, you know, it's closer or whatever. So even with all that action you guys went through the deployment with you know what did you take a few wounded guys but nobody was killed and actually we were always down at sea float and rich Solano was working with a gulf platoon I think and that was when the helicopter went down and of course when you come off a hot LZ And you know, you look at the guys are and Joe and those guys, of course, you know, he lost his life in a very basic operation. He's great big old black guy and the strongest of damn ox and you know actually events was one of the original sales in 1962 and he went over to Vietnam or course back then they didn't know what they were doing with the sales and they're not pretty time. And, you know, and the thing is, is that, it's like we go back to what we are, and the camaraderie, and going through training, and why we do things, and you're thanks like that. But you said I said I said I said I said I said I'm going back to bed. Well, you know, I mean, how proud all you guys were when we were there that molossin and you guys were saving your words and the Pentagon, you know, after Mike E. Montzure. You're not going to have like this these weird extra things like I don't know. it's it's you had like the classic case of the judge telling you all right son you can either join the Navy or we're going to find a place that you're not going to like so much as home You know, Tony Frady, who is the Charlie Petir and Chief, we used to talk about Mike Forton and we'd say, you know, just on random days, we'd say, hey, you know what Mike Forton's doing today? And then we would send the guys that need help should be going so we'd like rich solano myself and a bunch of the guys we'd go out and help other patents and stuff and were you a 60 gunner. And then he bought me beer and treated me like I was his brother the man himself treating a pathetic new guy like me like I was one of his long lost buddies. I used to ask guys what you've been working for my father for 30 years you know he said because he and my dad always told me this and that's what I tried to do when I was in the team take care of your people your people will take care of you. And, you know, Mike again, um, like everyone's going to want to tell you and it tells you all the time. yet and at seal team one at the time as I have accounted over and over again we knew guys pretty much got treated like worthless scum. When guys like Gary Gallagher and Walt Gustavl and Doc Seal came up to you and said, Nice job over there or good work getting your lieutenant back off that beach. I know that so it's like you say you, you know, if you die, which we're all, we understand what our job is, that being Navy sales, but I can never live with myself, no one that fused that. and it's like, you know, then I don't know how up to date you are on the new jump rope. And as was instilled us, you know, Tom Boyhand was saying last night, you said, you know, I don't think you're in New York, fear was. And it's like flickin' the switch, you know, why switch, you get your mind, and know what your supposed to be doin'. So you got a seal out there on the boats that are going to be recovering you because it's a guy that you know it's a guy that you trust. It's like the, you're going to kind of come out with almost like a life kit. And so they had actually, as they were calling in this Naval Gunfire, Tommy was like, seeing guys coming and like through the grace of God, a one big round hit there. And he said, I'd like to make a choice in uncle Dave said, well, I bet you I know who it is. I always told guys look if you want to be you know if you want to master what you do you got to go and teach it.