But, you know, like if you went, I don't know, like on the highway and all you saw was people speeding reckless driving and still didn't change a fact that you still want to drive on the highway because you have something to do, you know. But, you know, as far as the pay off, you know, debtor, it, you know, it's like basically, so if I test my willpower, I'm just saying throughout the span of a day or, you know, however many hours when you start to get hungry. Yeah, it'll back for, like, for example, I'll be like, I don't have to, you feel like you don't have to get the most out of your workout, because I could just come right back here, you know, in an hour when I quote unquote, feel better or when I feel more like doing it. That's one, two, the whole broadcasting yourself thing is totally understandable for someone like you and that, that it's good that you kind of got your kind of got turned on to the notion that it's more, you have really good messages and good content that will improve people in their, in their life, whether it be older people, younger people, girls, guys, everything. You know, so like how you put the, you know, online, you're supposed to picture of your watch every morning and you're kind of the work out setting and stuff like that. The other weird things I have no idea where this is going, you know, and so like this podcast, I didn't, you know, we just kind of did it. It's this thing where, I don't know, it's this weird, some guy did an experiment long time ago where, I don't know how long ago, but he did an experiment where he found out all these little things that you can do in front of people that'll boost your testosterone. And this is especially like a podcast situation or even like certain online profiles and stuff, they're good ways to get that information out that people need men, like to improve themselves. And, you know, you look at the extreme examples of social media, you know, abusers abusers and worthlessness, you know, and, and you just don't want to have anything to do with them. I would just do this and he'd like, it's like, I know like pressure points. And if you want to enter my house and hang out with me, come on in as long as you're like mine, and you have the same sort of goals that come on in and you know what, you're going to make me stronger. So you can, like, if you jujitsu, you're not going to learn how to throw like a sick left hook or nothing like that. Or I just, you know, I don't know, strike your throat or something like this, right? That's going to take and it's the same thing with Shakespeare people like, hey, when you're going to do the barred and it's the same thing. You know, like, you know, when you're a teenager or something, your dad tells you to do something, your mom tells you to do something. I know I'm a little bit to the, to the edge of, you know, being a little bit extreme. That's the kind of thing that when he says people, you know, the front line to you, which I'm going to hear that and say, yes, we are ready to roll. You got to use your judgment and make sure that, you know, everyone's wearing, you know, a ten year old field jacket when it gets cold and you're wearing a brand new down and Gore-Tex jacket. And I don't want to say her name because I mean, it's, I don't know how, I don't like to disrupt people's privacy. I think people just like meetings because it helps them think or feel like doing something. You know, when I joined the military, I, you know, One day just told my dad, hey, by the way, I joined the, I enlisted in the Navy. To the wrong level where you're, you know, just living in total luxury, you know, your people out But, a man, if she can bring an oxygen tank to the gym and get after it, at, you know, age 65 or 70, you know, that's inspiring. I got to bring my oxygen tank because of, you know, I don't know, no specifically why. I had guys with me, you know, in my task unit and some of those guys were so brave that I didn't think they were going to make it home. And, and she put a picture on the internet, the other day on Twitter, of her at the gym and she's got, you know, like a kettlebell, um, a medicine ball, and an oxygen tank. and I actually get people who is like, hey, do Blood Meridian do Blood Meridian because there are a lot of people that take a lot of information a lot of meaning from that book. I guess, but I don't know because I'm not acting any other way than I acted a year ago or you know, four years ago.