I think statements like that are like what get kids or if I say kids, but like when I meet kids, like I've just met at this event, we were just at, and this, you know, he's like, I'm 19. You know, she can't say guys up like, well, well, you know, I went on patrol the day, got to help with help with kid tie a shoe, you know, and like that gets old and then what'd you do? He had four firefighters also for telling the towers 5k they do in New York City and they also, they partnered with Gary Snees and they built houses and things like that for guys that have been through traumatic injuries and they were like, hey, we're gonna have a 5k and September, we'll push you and I'll walk it and they're like, well, yeah, but like, we'll push you as no big deal. And you know, when that guy like that gets hit, one, obviously frustrated and angry, you don't know why it happened, but two, it's like, well, geez, if he didn't get hit or taken out, you know, it kind of takes you down to confidence a pegrot, pegrot too as well because he's a guy you wouldn't expect. I'm like, I know you, uh, think you're not going to go, but you better jump out of this plane and you're like, you know, and I said, I told you you were going and then back with shirt back with pants. So deep that was eight foot deep pits and there was a living room, uh, two, 40 pit, a 50 cow pit, um, uh, like a little dying kitchen area and then like three sleeping pits, like three like that two cops would fit in. Also, YouTube, if you like the video or want to watch the video version of this podcast, see what Travis looks like, see what Jockel looks like, see what I look like if you're into that. And I think if you're if you're calling home every day, then you're like, you're you're missing and you're connecting and just like, no, like you said, let it build, have something to talk about real, and what does that get to know? And then they were said we're going to go there for like, you know, three days, do reconnaissance come back and they're like, you know what we're going to say there. And they were right from I had a lot of tests I had to do for like, you know, a possible age idea or things like that because it was just like they were just taking and putting it right in. And then a little bit goes to like four scumboards like with 10 a day and like, no, what the hell, you know, why did I live through this? A lot of guys didn't come back like me and I get sometimes people like, well, we just didn't see people like you during the Vietnam where it just had so sad this happened. I didn't want to like, my brother and I was like, you got a call, you know, Kelsey, you got a car and mom and dad. And the other thing was, I didn't like doing a PLF, which is the proper way to land, which is you keep your feet knees together, and then you like act like you have one big leg, and that's the way you're supposed to prevent getting injured, break in your ankle or knee or whatever. I mean, later on, that point, we had like stakes on like one day a week, they'd bring out like these frozen stakes. Um, um, that one of the guys on the MetaVac bird, like, wrote a wrote a Facebook to Kelsey and was explaining, you know, what it was like and and, uh, yeah, I mean, here's what he wrote. But what I liked about that from like a broader perspective than just airborne school is like so often, man, people just need to like go. Just like what, like glucose, I mean, could it was all like, basically all the stuff that you have been taking four years. And so, and you know another thing is, you know, you got all this stuff going on, and then your wife's like, you won't believe this What is it like a little, uh, former like like house or something? Well, turns out where we were rolling all of our, like, big barrels for the generator and stuff like that was like, it was all booey trap. I'm like sergeant major, if I change the pants, I'm like another pair of looks just like this. And I'm just like, still jack from looking at the weights and I'm like, you know, you're not going to look at my kid. And then I was like watching the silver wets above me, they're like, pull your reserve bells and they're like, okay. I was like to give people that didn't serve a little, you know, impression or of what it's like and I thought this wouldn't wrap that up pretty good. You know, not even like, you know, it's nutsax hanging off the light and is, you know, but he's just the truck's not hurting. But like a lot of guys in the military, you're young, and you're like, you know what, we're getting married. They called the blue book in the army, but it's like, if I die, you know, I want my reddering, I want picture of my life and I'm a kid or, you know, I want this music to play. where but I got it, so I took my weapon off, and I am for, you know, as I hear, hold this for me, I tossed in my M4, because there's just, you know, it gets in the way, you know, I ran down, and then the A and A were on the riverbank, right, kind of right behind me. You know, but, you know, at that time, I guess, maybe it was easier for me to like think about everything else going on except for myself. He's like, he told his mom a day, he's like, look, I know how it looks. So, we decided, me and two other guys, three other guys, we're going to head just like, try to head and walk faster, and everybody else, and like, made it back to the fob first to get a, get a m wrap to come get them. What we shot through all my rounds one, and one of the things we shot through all the 7, 6, 2 rounds, was like, oh, this is so much like lighter, and I got to another spot, and one of my, my guy's Brandon, Feste, we've won the guy's with me later on, but he was almost knocked. He's like, well, no, I just, you know, because I, I'm on the five all the time, I just, I mean, I love, I want to see a gun, you know, I hope we're getting a firefight. We, you know, luckily we didn't take the property to, you know, I'd like to, I think after the march, that guy's got it. But, um, the first, like, you know, five, six months, I was just like, no lights at this time. So it'd just be really, you know, so we're like trying to put our uniforms on and everything and said like just our t-shirts. But yeah, it wasn't like, everyone that was joining the military, it's not like when you guys joined, your generation of people joined, you knew you were going to war. You know, the wide eye, like, oh, no, it's like, that's not okay. I don't know why, you know, you said there any question like, am I going to be a burden on my family? Yeah, and they were like, yeah, we had like a Marciac guy got shot in the head when he was up there. And then finally like an October I was home for Thanksgiving and North Carolina at my house at Fort Bragg and I was just like, you know what? You know, like, oh, I'm all holding her in that or something like I can't drink. But, you know, a lot of questions are, you know, when you're sitting in the hotel room, I mean, a hospital bed, you know, in the hospital room and you just got started to see me all the time. And I was like, oh, you must be a dumbass, you know, I'm like, I am. It's like some movie that that six, I don't know what that is, but they're like, if Dream Amy the man I am today. and I said something along those lines and like somebody said like, I think it's kind of weird that you say it's a good time and fun In my gym, we'll be like, oh, yeah, well, you know, while we'll meet 23, you know, oh, That's not like, it's like, you know how you say when you when you pick up a person and they're just dead weight, similar to that. You know, the Colin home thing, I think is, is, I don't know how often you call to home, but I try to call them like once a week. But you're just, you know, say it like, hoping to get shot, but you're just like, well, that's part of what happens. After I first firefight, like two of the guys that came from a different after unit were like, look, I didn't get while you were the squad leader, I didn't get how you got E6. And you know, by like we taught her like seven to my nine o'clock, she's tying it by herself. You know, like, you could easily marry like Satan. He had to go in and like give him surgery and like get, yeah, for six months, he'd probably be mad if I told everybody, but he had to close me back because he got so dehydrated. Oh, yeah, I mean, it was like a spike getting drove through my heel, fingernails getting, like, just ripped off and then seared and it was just, it would be bad. I mean, when you're in college and everybody's like, oh, you're a kid in college, but when you're in the army and you're like, oh, you're in the army, you're on your second appointment. So, like, for 30, some days every time I got a chance to go down the mountain, I had a middle, the zector out like, please find this tungsten ring. It's you being like, hey man, you know, I don't know, I played football and baseball and ran track. But technically you could be like, yeah, they, they sold these, I don't know, pants or whatever, you know, in America. I'm like, you know, I don't really do that that much of they want me to come in that will, but I'm not sure, but guys going overseas want to see me on stage. Like if I lose a hand, just I don't need to live, you know, because I didn't know any different. Um, it was just like a eight man team that went in and they're like, you guys can't really go there. but then all the rumors were like, if you don't make it, you're going to create a, and I'm like, I don't want to go to Korea. And then the plane either can go back around, make another pass and like prolong everybody's night and make it harder because I have a person I got to paperwork on now, because I don't like to do. The excerpts are just kind of like, you know, shareable, smaller, you know, nuggets of juggle wisdom. So I don't know, I don't know specifically like what that means, but I tell you this, it means you just order it now. And I had to let him know, I was like, I don't know what you don't get, buddy. And, you know, I mean, when she first saw me, I thought she was going to be really fraili, but then short arm short legs, fuzzy chest, I look like a teddy bear. I got to change shoot my M4 and do it had to do, but if I wasn't controlling my two heavy weapons squad, you know, like I had the 240, that was the king of the battlefield, if you will, with the heaviest firepower, the housing charge of, they weren't doing the job the right way, then we were all in trouble. And yeah, that was my first like real taste of like I shoot my gun at people. And it was like the whole room got wild just them too, but they're looking at me like, I'm crazy. You know, I was like, I don't know how we get a house. I just threw them out and then the person behind was like, I'm like, get going. Yeah, I just remember guys going from, from guys that were in combat all the time, not fobits, but, and they, it seemed like the command, their commands wanted to go home for those two weeks and hey, man, you need to take this break on your feet. And the first time I got to see Kelsey wasn't that home-ark moment, you know, it's like, oh my Yeah, watching someone like scrape salt crystals, like size of table salt come out. And after the second one, they tried, I was like, oh, I feel a little better than the doctor, like, was all excited. This isn't, I mean, when we get a firefight, you know, we get, you know, people run up on their PT shorts and their flip flops and they got their Kevlar on their body on her, but, I mean, that's real life, bullets are flying. Because like like you said, once you go and you get that first thing under your belt, then they go and they jump. and they said for the first like seven days, you know, it's going to be bad then after that, it'll start to fade out. It's still like, it's funny, like, my friend from high school, right? I'm like, I'm like, look, we need to, I need that be a age for you to months that they were just damn wedding. But you know, you miss combat, even though it's when you're over there and you're in this crappy situation and you're like, oh, I can't wait to get home, but then when you get home, you have that little thing in the back of your mind that says, that misses that com rotter, which only comes from that place. You're like, dude, I'm ashamed to do like, even be hanging out with you right now. But for me, it was like a three-week course, and I was able to like check people's equipment. Oh, you just, you're like, I was like, I'm let's air in hot wings. So you started to think of like how it takes like nine days or something for you get comfortable with your nasties. And I'm like, oh, I got a brother's friend that lost two legs, you know, and a bear trap. And I don't really like, anybody, like, I was, if you compare you as an athlete in high school and me as an athlete in high school, it's not even comparable. But when you watch the videos and the progression that you made, you can see that that's what it's, it looks like when you first stood up, I'm like, oh, Yeah, I mean, we put, I guess we put our, um, ponchos over it, you know, things like that. You know, like I said, that for you is one of you clearly knew that going in in 2006. And then there's the people like us where it's like, there's 22 of us or 21 of us sitting out in Millenau where taking no showers. Like, moved out to the middle of nowhere in the snowstorm and that was like, maybe I'm not first night or second night out there. And Josh shows up like, you know, you just talked about this and Josh just say, hey, I'm going to tell you straight. Um, but anyways, so I was like talking about on top of the OP and stuff like that. Like when the winter you don't take showers like, oh, it doesn't matter. So I told the guy, you know, green light go and like the first guy went. And even though in my mind, I always thought like the seals were just like fighting wars worldwide at all times, which was not true. We just shot everybody and then for the next like two months, it was quiet and they were like, they back filled us with some other patoon. But she didn't like hearing my stories of the combat and things like that. And there was, he would walk by, like on our ACUs, like we have a strange post tucked a string in, some standard stuff. Like, it's obviously not like this thing. You were like, you were like, did you find, you found triple stacked IDs in your position? I was coming down like a, like a flamingo and my shoot started to collapse on me. Because you mean, I'm standing up in the truck, you know, Josh can just, yeah, hand me the back seat and I'm like, no, no, don't do this. It, it sounds like you got a little, you know, shock to your system. I was like, the nurse is like, it's okay.