Um, but he was a real consistent person, you know, where if you wanted something done, we were all doing it, including him, you know, and I remember thinking, man, this, I really like this guy in that way as well, where he's telling us to do stuff, but he won't, like, because there's other managers, all man, I can go into it, man, where there's other managers and they were straight up, like, I'm the manager here. So, you know, some sense, same situation, you know, you get night club industry disarray as a business, you know, thin they got to tighten it up and apply more rules and now you got to, you know, whatever with the clock ins, it's like just little rules that. They're like, and, you know, they're kind of, they didn't actually high five, but they're kind of like, almost like, you know, this is this little task. We'd just be joking about, you know, I think I don't know what originally caused it, but like guys would make fun of me because I would wear like jungle boots or Dan or boots out to on Liberty with a curve like old jeans. Actually, people play it on their TV, like, in their little home gym or something like that, which, it's kind of like we're all there together, you know. He's like, oh, he's like, I think I might have one, you know, he's the kind of with like 1,000. Like you've got to have a progress, you know, like you've got to take that step, you know, do it. And even me, when I was like, okay, I'm going to mention it to these cops, in these cops, you're going to be like, what do you think our job is, you know, to go recover your lost luggage? And this is, yeah, here these like, you know, people on the interwebs, they'll be like, you know, why you have a made a get? The person who can like, they're, they're just super hard on themselves maybe or they're, you know, like, I, even if you did do everything you can, you're still like, I could have done more. And he had this kind of, it's kind of like a policy kind of the thing where when you do jumping jacks and you do, um, you know, drills like, um, they come grasp drills. You got to be like, okay, you got to recognize, okay, what kind of person am I, you know, or what kind of person is this other person kind of thing. And if you're committed, it's going to show itself like your action, you know, a lot of people again back to the guy who's like hating on his neighbor doing quote unquote mediocre work. It has the, it's like, you can choose drawstring, but it has the, like, you know, like surf shorts. And that's kind of the point with not, you don't want, if you go in regular Jesus class and you're like, you know, upper belt mean like purple brown black belt and you go against a white belt, you can pair it up with a white belt. Yeah, I found that if you can do little drills with yourself, if you're a high level guy, and you're going with the white belt, especially if they're athletic, what you do is, you know how like when you roll with a guy who's maybe one level, who'll give or take from you, you, or let's say they're one level or you'll kind of slowly put yourself into batter or worse situations. Me, I'm already dope kind of thing, you know, and Jago's, he goes, oh, yeah, like super sarcastic, like almost offended. This day for that late for now, you used to joke about, you know, because when we started Ashalan front obviously, which is me and him, and we'd see some other guy out there and you'd be like CEO of something and we'd be saying, well, like as a CEO and you look at their company and the company has them, but only one person or three people. Just like little things, little things build up and eventually he's seen just like a normal kid, just like a five year old that pushes the envelope with everything. And you're like, yeah, you know, and he's like, hey, man, I need you to set the example and really show these guys how it's done and you're not showing up. You know, so if you're going to be, like, you can't just be Jocco and start a podcast and just in, and, you know, put out a book and that's it and start collecting money. One of them looks like, like, it's like, I'm not going to say velvet. So, I go in and just like, okay, after training, it's like, everybody, you know, Jeff's a good guy. I'm like, oh, yeah, well, you know, because it's like feeding the thing. So, so of course, you know, then people start saying, well, you know, and I was like, yeah, It's going to be better for our mission if I say echo sucks, but I'm going to listen to him and we're going to massage this thing or we're going to make things work because he has such a good relationship with the Army commander that he's making things happen. So in Higgs was like, he's like, this is, I think he even said, this is the most interesting gig and he's like, rubbing it in his fingers. That's a legit, you know, but if you have the choice, so you miss the birthday your child, that's more of like a family thing, like, okay, but that's not what that's not the question. Even if, even if, like, even if I really believe, which, it's dumb to believe that I won't benefit from that training, even if it's like, I'm just like, I'm better than you. But then if it was a larger issue, then, or obviously, if it was something that was like actually wrong, like criminally wrong or morally wrong or something like that, And all it was was like, you know, I played a, uh, in high school was kind of like a slap back, which is a hybrid running back. You know, I'm comfortable with kind of like, you know, we want to get along. You know, like they actually care because I was thinking they'd be like, man, that's a sad story. And it's not like it's pink or something like that when they're like, hey, he actually put on and you see people complaining in the about, you know, stuff never happens for me, you know, FML, you know, FML means stuff never happens to you. and we were in there saying like, like, I was like, dang, this looks super luxurious. You know, no one calls us, he'll team training, but that's the kind of person because they just want to, and you, I, I, I, here guy, you know, guys saying that, yeah, You know, it, how you said like, you're, you're not doing these enormous shows of commitment, like either you're committed or you're not. He said, someone asked him, you know, when do you know, when's that line where it's like when it's time to fire someone? Okay, boom, back on the phone, back on the phone, these two guys, I'm like, oh, this is it's starting to kind of look up, and he's like, okay, so the hang of the phone is just a waiting game now, just a matter of time. And anything that you want, you know, if you're going on a six month deployment to remote location, yeah, you're going to, you're going to load out of squat rack at a bunch of bump replits. And they were like, like, what did it look like? And based on, or we're not turning around, but we're going to build this based on, no, I was like, you know, we're not going to be task unit Bravo because that sounds lame. Hey, man, you know, it depends on what you mean by best, you know, I don't know. Basically for someone who's like, no, you know, when am I going to get my big break or or nothing happens for me kind of thing. So whatever I tell you and you're like, oh, you know, get on the phone, you know, call the airport in Braille. It's a good way to support kind of kind of, kind of obvious, like, oh, yeah, you subscribed already, but some people and maybe they didn't. Sounds obvious, but man how many times did I know this like my friends and whatever, you go on, I don't know, online or whatever You know what it, you know what it, you know what, it's just maybe think of this. Like, if, you know, like a hands-free closing in the different situations. Be like, okay, I'm going to treat this person like a person that I have to in real life subdue with So, you know, like habitual stuff that you just automatically do with certain techniques, which is the correct technique, you know. That's that's got a maternal instinct, right, that you need to say, hey, I know this guy's just a good guy and everyone on my team is great and everyone's going to do great job. You know, boom, stand back up and ah, you know, and then you go, okay, like that. and then finally when you feel like the balance start to tip, maybe they'll be a last minute jump where you'd be like, okay, now I'm going to go for it. Yeah, so he has like, he's like, I only train with my students and who are good and they give off some training, but they're not, I don't have world class training partners. And you know, for like, I don't know, 45 minutes hour. And even if it wasn't me, I mean, everybody, you know, if people are bringing something to help everyone get better, you know, people are, yeah, that's cool. They're like, look at my new book and, you know, they got people support, oh, that's awesome. And I'm thinking, you know, the whole story where like, did you see this, so did you not think that they were going to be able to help? He's like, I guess triangle feels like it's going to cut your head off. Very often, I don't know what, there's something that snaps in my head sometimes when I'm like, okay, I'm going to just smash this person. It's like, okay, you want to be a CEO because you see all this cool stuff on wherever about being a CEO, but really what you're pursuing isn't necessarily being the, it is, but what you're pursuing, where you're going to end up and where you're going to find success as a CEO. Like, so what, can I let's say we're going, can I get a, like a TV? Is instead of, you know, everyone's just, hey, if you come in and you want to go, you got to, you know, it's your kids birthday. And I'm like, if I didn't see what was going on here, I would feel really empowered to just like show everyone how. No, so I'm like, you know what, Jockel said to do it, I'm just going to do it. Still still, it's just like a little just a smaller version of that idea where if you're beginner and you're like, okay, I've never taken you to the start on YouTube or whatever, I don't think you can benefit those situations. By the way, because now I got to get remember when I told the story like, you know, when you wake up in my dog. Yeah, because I'm like I'm just talking like a handful of nuts, right? So yeah, with the world of the class, be like, we teach the moves just like a drag energy to two class, teach the moves, go over some stuff, and then roll. But then as people were kind of chiming, you know, it's like, okay, I'll all answer this on the podcast. Yeah, because when you're like that kind of old just raised in the teams, you don't even know when you're different. And if you got one person that has that gift of being able to like understand what's happening, maybe got a wrestler in there, but that's going to help you so much. It's like, you got to kind of, you got to put in that work kind of thing. I think that all that sounds like kind of obvious, you know, when you're saying it. You know, like, Indian Jones, I was going to get my head cut off by the door slamming shot. Once you realize that widget that you have this plan for, isn't going to build itself, then you'll realize like, okay, I'm going to have to make these things happen. You know what I mean, if there's two guys that are going hard against each other, but maybe they're not going super hard. Got it or you know, or at least the part where it's like it's a daily thing. If I don't feel like working out, I kind of tend to be like, well, maybe I'll rest today. But you know, you could probably, it probably be more developmentally helpful for you to spend a day with them, you know, coaching them and, yeah, Gigiitsu or coaching them and boxing or coaching them and mojtai or coaching them and shooting or coaching them in archery or coaching them and hunting small animals or coaching them and how to do combat trauma care. You know, I'm kind of like, yeah, He and he was actually telling me, he's like, I don't have like a team of world class guys to train with. And they say, oh, you know, I'm, you know, just got done with a school and I'm starting, hoping to go to seal training. You know, like, some people, they'll implement rules and I'm speaking from an employee standpoint where I'm looking at the boss when they're trying to play new rules to tighten it up. And same thing, you know, things go, oh, like here's another stupid example. Like if it was a little, I wouldn't be like, oh man, this is crap. It's, it's, it doesn't matter, but I'm listening to somebody and they were talking about like commit, like people have goals. And I said, you know, if there's anyone in the world that could like make something happen right now, it's cops. And you know, I, it wasn't, the thing is it wasn't like the platoon commander had a couple weaknesses, right? It's not like a tragic story, which you kind of felt like when you mentioned it. So to speak, because then the night club industry that tends to happen, you know, managers are growing out with, I like to turn and grow out by the way. That's going to be like, okay, I'm going to test my efficiency on making this happen really quickly. Kind of like, this guy, I don't know, this is Jim. And right as we pull into, like, park, like, five seconds before hours later, we're in the back country of Maine. And then over time, our videos are looking good enough and eventually I say, you know what, you know, we're no one's buying our videos anymore Anyway, and they wouldn't follow the rules at all, you know, but you had to, because you're the employee, you know, kind of thing.