You know, you just piling all that other stuff onto, and it just like you said, you lost your legs, and you're like, oh, that's pretty much what a guy like me, I focus, oh, he lost his legs, obviously freaking horrible, and then you don't, a guy like me, I'm not thinking about all these other injuries that you're sustaining, and all the medical things that have to happen to get that stuff straightened out. And then I recall for the first couple of weeks, every now and then, I don't know, I had a discredit with something what happened, you felt explosions before, and there's kind of that when the shockwave goes through you, and you kind of feel your brain kind of jar a little bit, I would kind of fuel that, and then for a split second, I would kind of, it would be like I was getting hit by an explosion for a split second, like that. They're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're like skinny jeans. You know, in there like, this hurts, you know, and I, you know, this is, this is through, you know, repair something, like I had a hernioporace, where I had a neck surgery. But like, how you said, like, if you don't think, like, if you think, oh, yeah, that kind of can't be done. I mean, like, hey, we were kind of talking about the call over here, just like sick humor that you end up with in the military because you have to take that thought, which is in your head, like it's got to be in your head. They were like, they were like, they were like, they woke up like so early in the morning. I remember they, you can only hit the, it'll only let you hit it every three, four or five minutes or something like that, and they would come in during the first little bit, and they would say, you know, you can only hit that thing like 12 times in a minute, right? You know, they're like, they're like, they're like, that's what the passion thing though. I'm like, well, I'd be, because I'd be kind of like falling asleep, and then I'd hit it, and doing, oh, make sure I make sure I got that hit, and so I'd just hit it again, and so yeah, and then, but eventually kind of get used to it, and then pain starts to go away. Because yeah, when I said it morphed into, I was thinking like back, you know, must have been sometime in World War II where they said, you know, okay, we're going to get over this river. They said, I'm never, I don't know what that is, but luckily it went away, and after maybe it had something to do with the drugs, I don't know, but, yeah, but you know, eventually you get used to that, and body kind of gets adapted to it, and you get your senses back, and it's hard to look at a computer screen for the first couple of weeks still, but eventually I would see ants crawling on me. You know, he's the kind where I'm like, okay, just need like the shots. So, but that, you know, that makes me kind of like, like mental after shockwave. And he rolled out like that like it was like it was the deal. A guy asked about Jiu Jitsu belts and said, you know, I understand that you shouldn't pursue because in Jiu Jitsu, it's like, hey, you shouldn't just like go to get a belt. So that, I mean, I can't, like, what you have is like a thousand times, a thousand times worse, and it's hard to even imagine, and then on top of this, I'm going back to the journal here to top it off. And so we did managed to get a month long school of, you know, just doing demolition, refreshment, more IED stuff, patrol practice, you know, just doing all sorts of training like that. But I would say, so you're like, now, every patrol that you guys are going out is like, hey, now, how often are you finding IEDs at this point? Whenever the physical therapist couldn't come in and do her stuff with me, I was like, oh, I want this going to do, I'm going to pull myself up on this thing. Like, you know, like a brush you find under your sink or whatever, put some water in. I was like, you know what might be fun is just like riding my bike across the country. Like when you roll out, you know how like if you have and not that it's even a big deal. And I was like, I was like, these, I don't know how I look cause they didn't have a mirror in the cabin. You know, martial arts geese or whatever, but he brings like this added like element to it. So the pants are like thereby like sizes, you know, you were 36. And he went in and literally bought a loom for like, I think that I think was like 3000. It's sure it's like, due to it, so you just got to, it doesn't matter if you're doing like a, in a fake, fake scenario, you have, it doesn't really have the same effect unless you're doing it in the real thing. But they had a better idea and they would say, look, you know, you're going to get over there and you're going to get your prosthetics and you're going to be able to walk again. I think like weight lifting and exercising in general, like, the perfect analogy for most things. So then you guys roll in and the, like the broad strategies you're going to start moving from patrol base, you're going to push out, take another compound, secure it, and then operate out of there for a while and then push it on. That's like one of those exercises that you if you learn that the form, it's like the added element because you got to learn the form. And they feel like kind of like normal pants. Yeah, I think I've often, like, trying to wonder why they say, you know, laughter is the best medicine and why it's so true. But that was when they were like, people were shooting at each other in the corn field, like five feet away. When you get back from Afghanistan, I was like, yeah, except you're going to be pulling me on a Rickshaw because I'm going to have both my legs blown off. It's like kind of taste like tea. I mean, most, I'll, many guys just, hey, you know, especially you're sitting in a turret, or yeah, like load me up. And there's gotta be like, you had to have known, or you know this is a possibility, right? So if you want to try and be like anybody, it's be like Dan. Well, you know, for everyone that's come on and sit here and have you, you know, that to have you and the people that have come on this podcast and have you sitting across the table from me and be able to spend time with you yesterday and hang out with you. I think it's on like the history channel or something like that. But so true, and I like what you pointed out, the shared dependence and how when you're going through bootcamp scenarios and training scenarios that are really hard, you realize you're not going to be able to do this alone. So like when you're even before this podcast and stuff, you're like taking glucose. He was like, yeah, he like overdid it. Yeah, I'd be like, no, that's like, what is that? I was like, we are going to just work out and we're going to get better. Like when I hike, I bring a filter, which is like a little pump. Because when he's telling the story, I'm like, man, that took you took like to eight hours or something or more than that. And move you in a direction that you want to be moving, but maybe like, let's say the got you can let we can give you a really good example. That first week, I mean, yeah, just delotted Hayes hallucinations, and that kind of thing, and surgeries, I would hallucinate nasty things like being hit by a mortar and see my legs splattered for whatever his my mom was there. Nonetheless, do you do the keys, all kinds of rash guards, and even like regular clothes, shirts, hoodies and whatnot, the joggers, like you putting on the joggers and walking around in front of my wife. I mean, and Crile oil and all this stuff, you're like, you know, it would be make this even better. And then when I came in, I thought people would be like, oh, you know, you don't match in that cause I'm not used to wearing. You know, that's, that's so awesome because there's so many people out there now that are like, oh, our country has to make problems or country has to make problems. So, and by the way, that little piece of shot, I'll blow you know, that thing can kill you just as easily as, you know, a full piece of shot. And he's like, no, I'll feel like I'm put the weight. You know, because it's like, yeah, I mean, I could go into it. Yeah, I mean, any one of those, just like if it happened to one of us right now, any one of those would be major, but they're just pretty much nothing compared to the actual major thing that happened. Yeah, there's got to be whether people refer to it the way I refer to it, like the idea of detachment And I have, I, I know how to, they used, back in, like, 2005, coming engineers and years were doing all that all the time. Because I was like, you know, still kind of on my guard. Like the geese, like you might do geodes here today. And so it was like, you know, a bat tip is a bit of a fire in a way. And so that was, and I kind of, I went off the therapist experience for most of it in the beginning until I kind of got on my own because I don't, you know, they've been doing this for nine years at that point. I used to like MREs when I was like 22 and then I OD don't. There's like, you know, some people are just mutants strong. I could swing a hammer, but you know, I wasn't like good at it. You know, like, I've finally figured this thing out. And you're going to have, it's long, it's going to go up and it's going to go down a little bit. But the first day, everybody ran out of water by the time we ended and we were like, well, we just got to go get well water. It's like, you know, this is those little elements for whatever. He's going to tell me to stop the rides over and then he gets out and he's like, I just want to shake your hand, man. You know, because we're doing it for like other stuff. So consider this when you let's say like, I don't know you're running or walking or whatever. I mean, we know Crile is like the base. And I don't know if this is right or not, but, you know, with the closer you get to a fob, you have security on the fob, you have guys that are looking out. Like if you were just thinking this next step could be the one, I don't know, you never be able to take a step. So, you know, how if you're about to try and deadlift like a thousand pounds. The openings in my body were made by a highly skilled surgeon, you know, and I'm in there like, oh, this sucks. Ecosys, things like you know how it is when something happens. Like, you know, I documented the bike ride. So I guess what happened, you know, I hope it kind of helped my ease the pain a little bit for my mom and that initial, that initial meeting, maybe a little bit. You're like, hey, I'm going to, and this goes for everything, by the way. And it's all just about, you know, making that, it's like, you plot your progress on a graph.