and yeah straight up like when you ask kids How did you like it which I always ask kids how they like it and because you know kids like you said kids are gonna tell you the truth As long as you know, you're going to, you both know that it's not, it's solvable, you know, like I feel like with respect to business and stuff. Like my mind opened like the synapses connected in I was like a new, a new, a new, I knew I was like new. I was like, okay, in business, it's like boxing, like it's like the Gitu. I'm talking about the, like the, like the, like the, like a giant real zipper. Because consider, remember, by like, when you're a kid or maybe old school kind of philosophy, it's like, hey, you know, you get the old timer and you're like, how strong are you? So so I'm like okay, you know what I'm gonna get some of that mint chocolate chip ice cream It's got those what I don't even know what it is those little black like crum things You got to remember like every textiles different than what you used to, like, like, the Warpwick we use our our textile for the rashguard or tits or whatever else. And in a conversation with my father and a house like, Joe, man, I need to talk to somebody who's like, Ben there and done that and like, done built something from nothing. Like you did in this, like you did in this, like, She looked at me and she goes, she looked at me and she goes, She said, what? It was like, actually, that is what, like both, I think both of us realized, like, we were just, let's just get it. And I came into college at like, two, it was like, 200 in like, 225 in you and a little less. You're learning things like, uh, It's what all like the first software hit you had like this Maya. And like, shit didn't kick in for like my food and everything and like my coach, the head coach. Like, like if you're working with a client, you may like bang heads with a client. Just like your body's like, like any lifting. We were just like, he's just like, we had the, we had the, like we had to make Pearl weave. And so I was like, okay, you know, at the whole time I'm thinking like, something's not right here that I can't do this. And, and at the end of the night when we got done eating our stakes in Portland, Maine, we show cans and this whole, you know, you've described it as like a perfect storm, which is what it feels like to me. She's like, you know, you're like, hey, you want to try these things. She looks like she arrived from Greece three days ago to make the buckle of a. You know, like, okay, I'll have one, right? You know, like, I'm going to have to get a job, like, what's up with this? You're not like this, but like I got into the kettle bells and it became fun, you know? Like, your your backs bad because a lot of times anyway, even just anywhere in your core is because when you have like some core or the or your back or something, when you do stuff, you adjust to not use it, you know, so deadlift. And, and I'm like, well, you know, like, I don't just give, I mean, what if you had to, what would you say, number of people that I'm kind of glad that you kind of hit him with that because when I said I stopped doing like legs and stuff like that, I got a lot of crap for it. Like if it, if, if, you know, in Maine, we have this thing like, Maine at one point was 90% field. Everything is, you know, our t-shirts are knit like we have a partner that knits, knits all the fabric, like six hours away or something. And at that point, my other business, I was making kind of monthly income and then I got kind of like a chunk of money like 100 grand. And I was I'm thinking about it's like this, probably I'm like man, I think I'm going to build a factory. Love coming to the weight room and just like waving his hair and you know, I don't know what it's got. And you know what, you, you probably sent here thinking, like, okay, that's a neat little idea that, you know, echo came up with and made Jockel do this and Uncle. And so I just, you know, was looking for weaving like, hey, hey, hey, hey, you guys, we've been doing these a far or far as 100,000 yards, you know, 12 bucks yard. Because I'm going to be, you know, earlier we got kind of like wrapped around or we got a side track about me being sensitive about something or not being sensitive. And I was like, you know, you know, you're going to get to the origin. I was like he's looking to be like, yeah, I want to build a factory. Say that when echo's like, dude, you just kind of, you know, just, just, you know, these things that I'm asking you about. Yeah, it takes like, like, oh, I want to have a mint chocolate chip milkshake. One of the things that, um, you know, you'll be happy, you know, that peat and I, we like to make things happen. Yeah, I was like, you know, you know, no, we deal. So you know, like, I guess, you know, in certain circles, they cost strength, power and strength about two different things. I remember talking with the deco and it's like, in GG2, it's like, you've got all these world champs. I was like, I don't want to tell my wife, I'm like, man, it's guy. So we kind of like helped each other a little bit in that plane ride back, like kind of bouncing ideas off each other. I said, man, I, we need money to, like, he was like, no, you don't. Like stuff, you know how, but you know how when you get into a workout, maybe not you. Like we need to, we need to find somebody or partner somebody with somebody that like represents origin through and through. He's like, okay, well, why don't you stop by and Louis, then, Maine, one of the manufacturing hubs of Maine at one time, walked in and he's like, what do you need? And he's like, PD's like, I've got a friend that he did some work for. And be like, all right, listen, we need to shut this down and discuss it like in 48 hours. Like if you're, and it makes sense, though, because if we're talking about a book and people like, what love world or to love it. You know, I might be like, hey, I go, you know, that's cool and everything. You got under armor with like wicking stuff and you've got air helmets instead of leather helmets and you know, just all these innovations and other sports and judo had shit. No, my, my, my, my scholarship, the money, like, like some of the money hit your count, right? Like, she, I tell people like, she, if my glass is a little full, she just dumped some out. And, you know, we've been lately been saying, like, you know, the discipline won't allow it. but, you know, it's like, you know, back and forth battle, battle, battle. That one's a little bit more like, make sense to be like, hey, subscribe to YouTube. And she wasn't looking at you like, like, I need to get away from this guy. I was always on a screen and I told the man I need to like do something physically, like have something physical. It's like, man, we've been talking for like a year. I'm not allowed to be in there for very long because I'm like, I'm, I've got, I've got an issue, you know, a subliminal issue with threads. I'm like, you know what, this is probably going to take a while to get this conversation going. You know, like the thing, the thing you hold the, yeah, that dude, it was this big. Like a tech like I want this here. It's like, I think total square footage was like 1.5 million square feet. I mean, they thought I was like, some type of miser, like, squirling, weight, cash, and resources. You can't just be like this is the freedom part every single day No, doesn't work that way Also, jocquay T you can get that you know what it does if you're gonna start dead lifting again You should get drink a little bit more jocquay T because it will increase your deadlift to 8,000 pounds Like she had like PTSD of business because of what we had gone through and selling everything in the feeling you get, that you keep this feeling. Because I wasn't like hearing someone at the gym saying, like, did you check out this new compression? And then you have like the flavor of the month guys with like the fancy GG2 stuff. They're actually like almost like migrant workers as a ton of factories, due to factories. I put that, I put in the, and I built it out of, like, wood-laminated band saw, like, all the lugs and I had the 50 get the perfectly in that whole zipper part had the zip. Like, let's say you were like, hey, I liked that part. So, tell us about just growing up, like, get me from like, birth to high school. And so I was like, oh, you make a hoodie, you can wear it in like a full-fledged, artich store. Like when company that designed it and just like tearing you off. It was like 15 days of like holy shit. He was like whatever Like 200 pounds being a cut to 190 whatever And so I designed like a G-pan, so it was like the cowboy cut. It's not like you're like, hey, I eat too much. Like, hey, it's, it's like mixed in with a scolding. I lost like, like, 38 straight weeks. Like, like, for real. The heat was like national media like ripping you down. And I was like, wow, it's like, I can punch in the face. But, but, but, but, like the, like, the pants. Just the level of it's not like a. Like the, what's the sun protection? The wood was all punky and like, like, a bent-op and splinter. You've been so pissed like you're just like, you cried. It had like a, it was black and had like rubber on the sides. It was like a frame just like an infrastructure. But then, but the time you get done, you're like, you know what I want that thing. I like the I like the g- And I was like, you're like, who? It's not like what you like. Like, like, it. But they got all kinds of like the maces and you know all the workout stuff, whatever. I don't know, but the approach for me would be like, hey, let me explain to you what's going on. But that is that the point is though, seriously, if there's, if there's a problem and you're not going to talk about it, you're going to sound like that kid right there, that answers the way I came up. You know, we went back and forth a couple times an email and then find me, you're like, hey, man, let's, let's just go to Skype. Like we're going to survive this as a company, you know. For me, it was, you know, the things that I believe in as an American as a person, as a New Englander, it was like you had the thing that I didn't have. The point is is that, you know, you're, you, like you said, what my little quote was is what you would say now. Which is us talking off the record about things like people that have certain, you know, what issues. I'm like, he took a loom out of a broken factory and he re-verbored that thing with his team and they built, you know, they're doing it. And he's like, you know, you got that. You know, we were young, you know, in naive, you know. But hey, I don't know from a, from a, if you go from like the level that you're currently cruising out, yeah. Like, you know, for instance, we're making things, we're building things, but we don't have vertical integration. But you know, judo, you know, hundreds of years, Gigi Tu, a hundred years and Brazil, same thing, same thing, same thing, 100% cotton uniform. Yeah, you know, the court in line, like, you complete me. It's weird because you have a better result But your disc or your worn path is worth because he was like hey, I'm gonna be weak I have this one that you know weak to be weak. Right, so like yes, you know how they discipline equals freedom And so, and every time I like start sewing, it would just, you know, fall apart. You know, and two years later, I find myself in Park City, Utah sitting in the front of the president of Rosakna, I'll click so we're selling them an idea like Bill Gates, I didn't exist yet. And to even imagine it, like, you know, again, as a novice person, working with a sewing machine as a young kid, the, how hard it was for me to do it. You know, like being an entrepreneur, business man or woman, whatever. That's the the chimp, the, you know, all the things, different zombies, all zombies, legends, where wolf, uh, cyclops, cyclops, like all the legends. Like that's the fun part of, you know, interacting with people through social media. Yeah, people, people want to hear me say like, that's right. Thank you That's what you say this is the freedom part, but like I said you gotta be on the path We gotta be in the game. For like my final project, you want to know what I did? Uh, you know, like a hardware store, but a big one, where they sell work clothes. Where you know when you're like, okay, I'm working out this day. Because first we got to know a little about a bit about you and your crazy ass, which I say with all, you know, in the most complimentary possible way. You know, when people get so stuck on like one angle, they can only see that one angle.