but if people in the group start saying you know what I'm not going to cover I'm going to run and now no one's covering and now you've got a bunch of people that are moving and no cover and that's when you're going to get slaughtered not only get slaughtered by people that are shooting at you but if you're not putting down cover fire the enemy maneuvers they don't just sit there I mean some of them will be shooting but they'll be shooting but other elements of them are going to move and they're going to be able to cut you off. Well, anything like, even like a, like a wasp or you know, like with these little things that are way smaller than you. yeah, when you grow up with that stuff, like those lizards are not scary, even if they're aggressive and some of them, they get pretty like big and bulky and they're like dang, a thing has some power to it, this little lizard, you know? Somebody just sent it to me and I gave it the little tests, what I kind of opened books up because people saw me a lot of books and I gave it the test, you know, I opened up by read a couple of sections and it immediately, you know, I'll give all open to a book in four or five different places to see what it reads like. And so it was like maybe two, three days later, I was like, well, I got to try that's the, you know, like, the 72 pound one. Do like, yeah, they're like, oh, you know, they're like, oh, wait, wait, no, grab it. And so you got to find someone like that that's in your team that you can say, man, this is this horrible, this is going wrong and someone's going to go, hey, you know, it's not that bad. And after a while, I was like, wait, I felt the same thing that you, you know, one time I told you, like, you're strong. I didn't look into like what exactly, you know, they're going to improve, but I know course strength and all this stuff, but there's all these little things they improve too. I don't know, you know, but then I just looked at the one that was like, it was like the first one I saw. They're actually walking down train tracks and they know 100% they know 100% that Germans are waiting for them and they're going to push down the strax and the way they're going to find the Germans is when the Germans start shooting at them. Pretty amazing book that, you know, like I said, I got this book six days ago or something. They've got basically ambushed and now they pulled back after, like I said, confirming where the Germans were back to the book to accomplish this, meaning to accomplish finding out where the Germans were to accomplish this had cost us Leslie Doyle and the absent Barfall Mill, while two men and Doyle's leading section were dead and the two scouts were missing probably either killed or made prisoner. Like, like the Jim Carrey, like, oh, yeah. Like, you don't know what that looks like until you get reading this book But when he calms down after I don't know, three, four minutes, you do that and he'll kill, keep kind of like, how do you lessen lessen lessen lessen lessen lessen lessen lessen lessen lessen lessen lessen he'll always do that though, but he'll just be a lot less aggressive. Because I got this 90 pound one and I was like, I lifted it up and you know, okay, you know, this, the one hand boom, clean, what do you clean press? It was like when I was like testing like what website provider whatever. When all the men were recovered, and when you look at the actual battalion of the 156 pairs, you battalion, it looked like this, 313 men were captured, many of those were wounded. It's kind of like, you know, like an MMA fighter or something. And I think it's pretty clear that if you read a book like this, General Powell is still a source of inspiration as are the rest of these incredibly brave men and also a source of leadership lessons of what to do and what not to do, and it's also an incredible reminder of that heavy burden of command. Where if you would like, like, how you said in the book, just kept your head, you smash that lizard. Also, good way to support if you're going to get this book men at how do you pronounce good the place? And a lot of times I've found if you have someone like that or maybe a couple people like that and your team that you can talk to will guess what? So if I were to tell you, you're strong, it'd be kind of like, I like rebut, yeah. But, man, you definitely this book, like I said, I read, I don't know, 5% of it. Finally he walks it like more close to her and she kind of starts to turn around and he's like, oh, so now you pay attention. You know, when they know like that's your company. Further in these houses and for the first time you're going to hear the company commander start to realize he's got people at the breaking point back to the book. Because the, the field manual, like any field manual, like when you want to go refer to it, you don't want to be searching around. And the goal was to isolate parts of the German forces and to cut off what's known as the road district, which is like the heart of German industry, and then open up a route going from through that whole area, take control of the roads in the bridges and be able to punch right into the heart of Germany. And I was like, all right, all right, I know how it feels now and all this stuff. And they're just throwing it in like, how, essentially, how I did with you is kind of like, look, you're better than jujitsu than me. If you put yourself in a position where you can't I will you don't understand what's happening in the field then you're not going to be able to help you're not going to be able to support you're not going to be able to to understand what's happening so you can make decisions. By the way, brands I don't think I've said this brands are sort of the weapon of British machine gun versus the the spanned out which is which is the German machine guns and the use the the brits in the Americans use the term spanned out to talk about basically heavy machine heavy your machine guns but but that's what they're talking about when they're talking about spanned out and then a brand is the Brit machine gun. They're like, they're kind of bigger than like a few long. If you think about it, it sounds like they rigged this house to light up and be on fire and now that's backlighting and silhoueting all the friendly troops because it just makes you stand out because it's a fire behind you on top of that machine gun fire on top of that mortars shells are hitting you. It's like it showed like how you got to keep that discipline with that. You get it like a good like 10 minute one. Nonetheless, if you're still wondering what kind of key to get origin G, 100% you have, um, options, you know, as far as pricing and stuff like that. So like I said, we could have done the easy thing and, and whatever, you know, had everyone just be able to click on it really easy. And the guy starts getting hit on the inside and rather than still covering up a little bit while he goes back, he runs away or turns his back or something like that. There's a French word that means it could mean head like Kabosh or something like that. If you have a lizard's head, you go like this and he'll go like, they'll try to bite you. In fact, I think there might be like a legal like defense against it. But as far as like doing the balance, it's like not easier. So we're going we're down to a couple of hundred men from five or six hundred men in the battalion. It's like six is like a normal big synopids. That's like, like, in why there's big synopids. You know what, how we take it, kind of like, you're strong. And at one point, many months ago, October 17th seemed like it was a long way as a way, but it's not anymore. Like it looks like a construction piece of heavy equipment. You mean like, okay, what is that one part, you know, that deals with this and you, boom, you can just go to the, you just look for a track name in there. I was like, we're like, no, my technique. And she's like, bingo like science tool. Boldness like Jeffrey Bell, then the officers in the men of the 156th Parishute Battalion. The men who had stopped us had not behaved like rear area troops scraped together to put up some sort of resistance, but it fought with skill and tenacity. But at this point, he figures out what's going on with the battalion going back to the book. And, you know, everyone in the SEAL teams, like basically you get one shot at each job. I was like, oh, you actually don't know what that person's been through. We might, you know, people might have a little challenge finding it or realizing, you know, when they go on an Amazon or they go on a Barnes and Noble, they won't see that it's available.