 This is Jockel Podcast number 107 with echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening, echo. Good evening. So the battle of I-Drain Valley was over for now. And we just spent two podcasts talking about it. And one of the things that you forget sometimes about the military is that the machine rolls on. The machine rolls on. There's a work to do and it doesn't. It doesn't matter what you've been through or what you experienced or how many men or friends or leaders you lost. The machine is going to roll on. There's still work to do at least it's going to try and roll on. And that means normal things are going to continue to happen. Meaning that people are going to get reassigned. People are going to leave the army. People are going to retire. People are going to transfer. You don't stay together. You don't stay together with these guys that you just went through whatever you went through with. And as much as you might feel like a family with that group of guys, you're not going to get treated like a family in the military. It's the machine is going to roll on. And with that mind to close out the book, we were soldiers once and young. That again was covered in podcast 105 and 106. I'm going to read one more passage from that book. And here we go back to the book every morning during those final bittersweet days of my command of the first Battalion 7th Cavalry. The original version of Major Plumley would appear with a group of men bound for the airfield and the plane that would take them home for discharge. Specialist for Pat Selich of the recon platoon says, Colonel Moore shook our hands and said thank you. I was the second or third guy he spoke to and he had tears in his eyes. I remember what he said. I see that you're married. You have a wedding ring on. Just go home. Pick up the pieces and start your life all over again. Then basically that's what I did. I came home to a wonderful wife tried to readjust did a decent job at it. I did what Colonel Moore said. I tried to put the war behind me. I served. I did my job. I came home. I didn't ask for anything. No fanfare, no parades. I went back to work back to school and did my best. He might be a general, but he still Colonel Moore to me. If it wasn't for him and all his knowledge and training, I don't think any of us would have survived the I-Drain Valley. On Tuesday, November 23rd, the day came for me to turn over command. For the change of command, I requested a full battalion formation with officers front and center, the division band, the line, honors to the reviewing officer and colors, and then pass in review. Reminiscent of our weekly retreat parades back at Fort Bending. I requested that captain to directs Bravo Company 2nd Battalion 7th Cavalry, and Lieutenant Sissons Poutoon of Alpha Company 2nd of the 7th being included in the parade of 1st Battalion 7th Cavalry in token of the fact that they fought bravely alongside us in the battle at X-ray. And so it was. The band played Colonel Bogey and the Washington Post March and Gary Owen. General Kanard pinned on my eagles and I spoke briefly and with deep emotion. Speck for Ray Turner of Alpha Company 1st Battalion said, we stood in formation with some units hardly having enough men to form up. Colonel Howe Moore spoke to us and he cried. At that moment he could have let us back into the eyedring. We were soldiers. We were fighting men and those of us who were left had the utmost love and respect for our Colonel and for one another. As I reflect on those three days in November I remember many heroes but no cowards. I learned what value life really had. We all lost friends but the bravery they showed on the battlefield. We live forever. Well, we have tried here to remember and display and spread the word on some of that bravery that was shown on the battlefield so that it does live on. And I think that is the least we can do. That in learn. Try and learn. We must always try and learn and we can certainly learn from a man that had been through so much and was so respected and revered by his man and so today we're going to delve into another book. And this one is actually by general Howe Moore and Co-written by another Army vet, younger Army vet, another author, Mike Gordia. And the book is called How Moore on Leadership and it's just that. It's principles and thoughts about leadership that how Moore learned and then implemented throughout his life and his career. And again, if you haven't listened to podcast 105 and 106 yet go back and listen to those podcasts first because I don't give you some context as to what general Moore live through and why we should pay attention to what he has to say. So again, the book is How Moore on Leadership, the subtitle is winning, win outgunned and outman kicks off in the prologue it says, all of one's life is a learning experience. I learned a lot of lessons along the way I'm still learning. These are values, principles, lessons I've learned mistakes, successes and my thoughts on leadership from watching, studying and reading about leaders and action. Good leaders, mediocre leaders and bad leaders. So he wrote this book, this book only came out. I actually have to check. It came out very, came out in 2017. So this book is at the end of How Moore's Life. And here we go. We're going to jump right into some of these principles. He starts off with four basic principles of leadership. Principle number one, three strikes and you're not out in the game of baseball, three strikes and you're out, not so in the game of life, three strikes and you're not out. There are two things a leader can do. He can either contaminate his environment and his people with his attitude and actions or he can inspire confidence. Good point. There's always another way in life, right? Three strikes, four strikes. You can keep swinging. There's no empire to call you out. Back to the book, he must have and display the will to prevail. By his actions, his words, his tone of voice, his appearances, demeanor, his countenance and the looking, his eyes. He must never give off any hint or evidence that he is uncertain about a positive outcome. So that's something that we saw in action in the book. We were soldiers once and young when Rick or Skola comes up and says, where they at good. I hope they bring it everything they got to. Just even though inside he admitted he was worried, but and then you hear the reactions of the other guys, they were saying, well, that's good. At least this guy's in the game. Look, I'm game. If he's game, let's go. Yeah. Do you think that that could elicit some sort of a blowback? I'm definitely that that it definitely will. In fact, I have my note there. You want to see my note right there? So can you read that? It says really. Because it's one of those things for sure. You're right. And if you roll in and you're getting smashed and you show, you can you can see my bliviest. Yeah, yeah, exactly. He addresses that stand by. Here we go back to the book. It struck me early in my reading and school and later in life that is a common theme running through books and stories about great leaders was their positive outlook, positive mental attitude, PMA. For all those bad brains, friends out there. They were aware of the pitfalls. They were, this is your point. They were aware of the pitfalls and negatives, but they refused to fret and worry about them. So there you go. We're not talking like, oh, this isn't happening over there. Like, remember a Baghdad Bob, are you old enough to remember that? Yeah, but I think you mentioned that. Yeah, Baghdad Bob, while tanks were just while the Iraqi army was getting obliterated in the first Gulf War. He was sitting there going, oh, yes, we've had many victories. You know, you're just completely oblivious to what was happening. Yeah, and there's literally, I think there was literally like bombs going off in the background. Yeah, Baghdad Bob. Okay, here we go. Back to the book. Principle number two, there's always one more thing you can do to influence any situation in your favor. And after that, there's one more thing. And after that, there's one more thing. And after that one more thing. The one more things you do, the more one more things you do, the better your chances are for achieving success in any situation. Elite, this is interesting. A leader must create time to detach himself mentally and ask, what am I doing that I should not be doing and what am I not doing that I should be doing to influence the situation in my favor. So he's talking about detachment. I agree with him. Clearly. Yeah, that's a good. It's good to have those like specific things to ask yourself when you detach. You know how like, oh, I always ask myself like, okay, what do we have here? But even that, that's like a broad question. That's too broad. Yeah, that's like, that's way better. That's good. Yeah, if you think about, if you think about your life, yeah. And you view constantly saying like, what, what should I be doing right now? Yeah. And what should I not be doing? We're all doing things that we should not be doing, right? Yeah, well, yeah, not me, but yeah, man. Oh, you're just perfect. Perfect. So we're all doing things that we, we know we shouldn't be doing. And we're all know that there's things that we should be doing that we're not. So detach, look yourself, do an assessment. Yeah. I'm sure that's like a gold mine of things you can change right there for sure. Here's a, here he says, a leader is paid to do three things. Get the job done and get it done well. Plan ahead, be proactive, not reactive exercise. Good sound judgment and doing all the above. To get the job done, the leader must have a clearly defined mission along with specific goals and objectives. So there you go. Brand and pick worth hit me up. Sure. Because the last podcast I was talking about goals and he had sent me a text about getting belts. I think it was about getting belts in GJ2. And I think that's what it was. But anyways, he was basically calling me a hypocrite. Because you know, my, my, my thing is like, hey, you trained to get better. You don't train because you want this thing, right? You train because you, you have a, I should say it's not that it's not that there's no goal there. But your goal is different. Your goal is in a material item of cloth. Yeah. Your goal is to get better at your jitz or Brandon. Yeah. You're on lockdown. You're here a very seemingly far fetched analogy to that, but it's not so the other night I was, It's making arts and crafts. We went on with press. We just chill out and out. Do it. And then she laughed at her. No, no, she said a joke. And then I laughed. And then she said, I'm going to say this joke again in laugh again, just like what you did before. So I'm like, so I thought about that. Of course I did it, but week story went last right there. But so she says it. I do it right. And then I'm thinking like, isn't that interesting? She got the laugh and that was a big payoff. But here's the thing in a way she shouldn't be focusing on the laugh. She should be focusing on saying funny jokes. The laugh just goes before. Would you take it easy? No, I did it. Tell her that in school, but you see them saying the same thing. Juditzi, you focus on getting better at juditzi. The belt will come as a result. A little bi-product if you will. Just like the laughs. So when you're telling jokes, go for the funnyness. Not for the laugh. I'll talk to pressing. I'll pull her aside. Have a little chat with her. Or maybe Brandon Pickworth, you know, maybe he, you know, find that very enlightening. Just saying. Tighten him up. He did by the way. He did do his 100 burpees and sub 10 minutes. He actually got it. I feel it was time was. Yeah, I never went back there to do that man. Didn't you get it easily? You do it easily? I did it. It depends on the way mean by easily. You did it or not. I did it. I did it with the. Did you have minutes to spare? I had a minute to spare. If I remember correctly, I had one minute to spare. And I knew that at the last. So I coasted. Yeah, I coasted into the finish line week. It was still kind of. I was sore the next day. I was actually sore. Really. Yeah. Brandon won his video. He did good burpees. I'll give him that much credit. Better burpees than my normal burpees for sure. Okay. Yeah. His burpees look. They look clean. Yeah. So mine. They didn't merit like 12 minutes. But he got that down. Yeah. Yeah. If you would have saw my burpees and said, hey, those aren't full. All of those aren't full burpees. I would not be surprised. Put it that way. Just still. Really. All right. Going back to the book. The smart leader should always think through the What ifs and have a plan on how to handle them before they occur? Time so spent is never wasted. Things do not always go as planned. So again, he talks a bunch about planning and he's like, That's not what I'm going to plan. And we all have to remember that. The smart leader must also be mindful of his organization's constraints and center of gravity. There can be one or several constraints that inhibit getting the job done. And I think we all kind of understand that. And he says that the constraints must accurately be defined. But the center of gravity idea was was a little bit more interesting to me. Here we go to the book. The center of gravity is the principal thing or activity that must be in balance or under control for an organization to operate. It is the organization's source of strength. In addition to understanding your own center of gravity to protect it, you must recognize and attack your enemies or competitor center of gravity to defeat them. And that battle in Vietnam. My center of gravity was the landing zones we've talked about. The hydrangea Valley in the new that and locked that thing down and fought hard for it. Dean. I was training with Dean. I don't know a few months ago. And then he was teaching a class. And one thing he said that was really interesting and really smart about J2 is he's like, hey, when you're on the ground, you can't have your balance attack. Meaning if you're on the bottom, you can't have your body already on it down there. So you have to mess with the person's balance on top. Because if they can't mess with your balance, because you're already down there, you need to mess with their balance. Good point. Yeah. Exactly. It's one of those things. Yeah. There's a lot to that. Yeah. There's a lot to that. Interesting is like, now you're, because you're talking about like a really deep fundamental concept. One thing to do. For sure. And a lot of times we don't learn all of them, you know, we injudiate to it. Obviously in life too, but we don't learn all the fundamental concepts. So even you can go through life and be successful, you know, varying levels. And then get introduced to one fundamental concept that'll just like, Dane, that's something that you know, I know we all know. You did you do to you know that if you're on the bottom, you got to sweep it on top. You know that you, but what he was, he wasn't even saying sweep. Yeah. He was saying you have to, you have to attack their balance. Yeah. Because you can't have your balance tacked because you're on the ground or right? Yeah. You attack their balance. And it's just going to open things up. He wasn't talking, you're going to sweep every time. No, you're not. You're going to get the arm lock though. You're going to get a position change. You're going to get roll them into a heel hook, right? Yeah. But it's interesting when he talks it like when, when how more general more here's talking about. Not only do you have to know your center of gravity. You got to know your opponents center of gravity. So that's what you attack, which is interesting. Because people would most heavily defend their center of gravity. You would think. And therefore, it would be counter to the sun's super principle of don't attack the heavily guarded area. But, or heavily defended area. But you got to find a way to get through to their center of gravity. Otherwise, you're not going to put them off balance, you're not going to win. Yeah. Like, that's one of the goals. You know, it's to attack that. Because some people, I mean, even because the inter totally clarified the concept for you. Yeah. Whereas, like, this is going on in the game. Yeah. And, you know, maybe, maybe in certain circumstances intuitive, like, okay, I'm going to attack this guys balance. Because specifically, I'm going for a specific sweep or whatever, maybe it'll come in and out of your mind. But if you have that clear in your mind, that that's part of this whole game that we're playing. Yeah. And go back to the sun suit. Well, just because this is me figuring out right now is just because you're attacking their center of gravity. Doesn't mean you have to do a frontal assault on it. It's still fine. Exactly. Even, I mean, yeah. But now, at the end of the day, now that's part of my goal. You know, my goal isn't just to kill everyone. Yeah. Or whatever. It's like, okay, we're going to attack this center of gravity specifically. Because that'll open up. But everything else that comes with it. But it's clarified now. It is. Back to the book. While getting the job done, the leader must plan ahead and create the future. He must be proactive, not reactive. Truly great leaders have a cutie. Our perceptive, aggressive, enthusiastic, concede trends. Analyze them carefully and correctly. Have a vision. Have confidence in it. And can inspire and motivate himself and as people to make it happen. That's a big laundry list of things for a leader to be doing. That's why leaders. That's why leadership is a hard job. Think about all those things I just rattled off. He must have a positive attitude and must hate the word no. He must have smart, well-trained people to run day-to-day activities. He must check up on them and make sure the job is getting done while he stacks the deck for future success. So you can see right now he's not micro-managing. He's getting people that can do the job and then he's looking forward. Principle number three, when nothing is wrong, there's nothing wrong. Except there's nothing wrong. That's when a leader has to be most alert. Complacency kills. Leaders are paid to create order out of chaos. History is replete with examples of leaders who failed because they became too complacent. In the days and months leading up to Pearl Harbor, American military leaders were confident that the Japanese could never strike American soil. Our naval intelligence said that Pearl Harbor was too far out of reach for Japanese naval task force. They were also convinced the Harbor was too shallow for a torpedo attack. Instead of prioritizing the threat from an aggressive naval enemy, the Army Air Corps commander at Wheeler and Hickham Fields put a higher priority on the threat from spies and saboteurs. They grouped the planes together at the airfield to make them easier for walking centuries to guard on foot patrol. But when the Japanese bombers arrived on December 7, the cluster-demeric and planes became turkey shoot targets. Didn't know that. Didn't know that. Wrong threat assessment. And now you're doing something that's actually going to help your enemy's real attack. But it's complacency. Principle number four. Trust your instincts. Instincts are the product of one's personality, experience, reading and education. That's interesting, right? He puts reading in there. You're actually getting experience reading and you'll all said that. General Mattis. General Mattis. He reads. I think he has a personal book collection of like 5,000 or 7,000 books, personal book collection. Okay. And he said he that's to prevent him from being surprised because if you know history, you know the future. But that's a great definition of what instinct is because people think instinct is this something that's mysterious thing, right? But no, it's your personality, experience, reading and education. Yeah, as far as the context he's putting in, I mean instinct obviously is clearly defined as something else. What is it clearly defined as? I didn't say I knew. Oh, okay. No, no, you know how animals have instincts to, oh yeah, we have instincts to procreate. Like all this stuff. I mean obviously he's talking about a specific concept. Yeah, he's not talking about the instinct to procreate. No, no, no, something else. But I'm saying, you know what I mean. It's not that is mystical. Yes, his definition is not mystical. Yeah. Like, hey, read, learn, experience. Yeah, and then yeah, so you know, like how, you know, you're gut feeling kind of thing. So yeah, it's made like if you don't have any experience in any, like you're not really nothing. Yeah. And you know, you're not going to have many gut instincts. No, you still have this. Yeah, it's gonna be way off. And then if I was talking about this with someone when sometimes like with an injury, let's say, you have an injury. And you think I'll just do this. But what you're doing is actually completely wrong. Yeah. That happens to me sometimes. Yeah. I'll have an injury and I'll say, you know what, I'll just keep stretching it. Yeah. It hurts a little bit, but it'll be okay. I think that's helping it. And I'm just wrong. Yeah. Just to battle you wrong. Yeah. And then so let's say you were, you did that just over and over. Over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again. Which you probably have. But I'm saying normal person, you do it over. Then the instincts will kind of recalibrate itself. And yeah, because eventually I go ahead, this doesn't work. Yeah. And now my instinct becomes a demobilized that broken wing or whatever. Yeah. Exactly. Check. Just like if you don't know, Do you get to get into a fight with someone who does, No, you're just going to do your instincts. Yeah. You know, which is nothing. Yeah. By the way, and your instincts are going to be completely wrong. Completely wrong. But you do, you push this guy off me. Yeah. Exactly. I'll power out of this. Oh, you know, I'll go all super hard. Well, that's a great example. Yeah. And then when you learn to get to recalibrate your instincts now. Now your instincts are good. Yeah. And proper. Unless you get one of these tricky guys who knows your instincts. So he's going to base his instincts off your instincts. Yeah. And I'm going to get an administrative. Yeah. That's true. All right. Back to the book. It's a nice talking about instinct. It's a kind of six sense when seconds count instincts and decisiveness come into play in quick developing situations. The leader must act fast in part confidence to all around him. Must not second guess a decision make it happen. In the process, he cannot stand around slack jawed when he's hit with the unexpected. He must face up to the facts and deal with them and move on. When my head tells me to do one thing and my gut tells me to do another, I will always go with my gut. Why? Because my gut, because my gut as I've learned is rarely wrong. Now that's that's a bold statement right there. Yeah. You got to. If my instinct are telling me one thing and my brain is telling me something else, that is to me that's time to reassess what's going on. Because I got some conflicting things happening. Yeah. I don't want because I'm fairly logical in thinking through things. And if that is getting completely countered by just some emotional feeling, which kind of that's what an instinct is right. That can be. My name be. It can be emotional. Yeah. Right. So you got to watch out for it. Yeah. It seems like in an emotion or an situation predicated on emotion strongly, like a, I don't know, relationship with somebody. Yeah. I'm just going to go with my, in this case, that your gut's your heart. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to go with my gut. Yeah. You're wrong. No. No. No. You're probably wrong. No. Think about it. Think about it. Logical side. Yeah. Back to the book. Instinct is a kind of caution light and early warning or a gut feeling, which can an occasion result in a far better decision than one based on a logical process. One rule of thumb. I learned more than 60 years ago. If there's a doubt in your mind, there's no doubt at all. In other words, if you know in your heart that an action is wrong, don't do it. One of my sons calls this the rule of doubts above all. Never try to fake out, deceive or fool the people under you. Not only is it wrong, but the troops can smell BS from miles away. Hmm. See, let's start to make more sense if it's something that's wrong. Yeah. That'll make it a lot of sense. Yeah. But it makes a lot of sense. Rather than right. The way I heard what hear this in the teams, I didn't know it came from West Point, but they'd say if there is a doubt, then there is no doubt, which I guess is the same thing, which is just shorter. If there is a doubt, then there is no doubt. And that means what? Like if there's any doubt, then there's no doubt that it's wrong. Yes. That's what you're saying. Or if you're saying wait, I don't know if this is the right thing to do. It's probably not. Probably not. Hmm. Yeah, instincts. Like when ducks fly south for the winter, wait, is it snorke or south? They fly south for the winter, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's an instinct. But I don't know what that is. Is that an instinct? Yeah. Yeah. Straight up. Just like if you're baby, like suckling, you know, so you can feed that's instinct. Interesting. Let's see. Back to the book. Back to the book. The discipline that makes an effective leader begins in the home. In most cases, learning comes through observation and experience. It is through the parents and or legal guardians where we first begin to understand right from wrong and success or failure. In having guidelines and expectations set before me as a young boy, having to tow the line was the standard of every day. While I remember my mother and father requiring discipline and proper conduct, there was an equal balance of love, fun, fishing, reading, religion and daydreaming. Yes, daydreaming. Discipline. Cool. Daydreaming makes sense, but you don't automatically associate that with discipline. No, you don't. But if you follow your daydreams all the time, then you won't end up with anything. So you have to have them both. Yeah. Next one. No job is ever beneath you. In whatever you do, do it to the best of your abilities. Next, the best leaders strive to create a family environment within their organization. A good leader aims to make his subordinates feel that they are valued members of a team. The same loyalty that goes up the chain of command must also go down the chain of command and across the network of subordinates. And by the way, of course, as always, I'm not reading this whole book. There's all kinds of better detail in the book itself and explanations. And I'm hitting the wave tops, as they say. I like this one a little bit. The first person you have to lead in discipline is yourself. Good versus poor choices make all the difference in the world. Conquer. Back to the book. To be a leader, you must be willing to be a lifelong learner. The leaders who fail are those who think they know everything, or that they have nothing left to learn. They resent having to learn something new or adapt to a new situation. Gotta be humble. This is interesting. I like to do a lot of listening. That way I pick up a lot of good ideas many from subordinates. When you listen, you note twice as much as the other guy. What he knows and what you know. Just also, whenever the boss talked, I not only listened, but I took notes. I still carry three by five cards today. That's a great one. If you let someone else talk, I was doing security detail. And I racked my first deployment over there. And we picked up a high ranking officer. And we were the security detail form. And he was picking up some subordinate officers along the way. And it was so interesting how this high ranking officer, depending on who got in the vehicle, because we met with multiple different subordinate officers of his. And this is the American guy. What's that? Oh yeah, these are all Americans. But this senior officer, he would barely say anything. And the guys would get in and you could hear them. You know, at first they sort of listened for a minute and they couldn't handle it. So they just start talking. And they tell the boss everything. It's a great technique. You just set their quietly and you need people are spilling their guts. Yeah, he sent that in negotiation for sure. For sure. Yeah, where you just don't see anything. Just don't see anything. Yeah, it can make people want to come from them. Yeah. But that's a great way of looking at it. When you talk, you're, and that same thing happens in any situation. I've said it before on this podcast. The more you talk, the less people listen. Yeah. Just the way it is. He had a kind of some challenges getting into West Point. And he did get in and he had a couple lessons learned from that. Never say no to yourself when you need to ask for something. Make the other guy say no. That's, that's a good point, right? Like I'm not just going to say, I'll echo would never say yes to this. So I'm just going to not going to ask him. No, I'm going to ask him. Echo, can you make a couple more videos? Yeah. Worst thing you can do is say no, which is likely. Yeah. Forget if I read this or listening to it, but there's two kinds of askers. People who ask for stuff, right? These two kinds. One who thinks like that, where is like, the worst they can say is no. So my last or the second kind who's like, he, you know, he might say no. But I, you know how like some people, I don't know if you're like this. Maybe you're, I don't know. But some people they're uncomfortable when to like saying no to someone. Like it's like you're the bad guy. I'm kind of like, hey, can you retweet this charity or something like that? Yeah. And if you say no, you're the bad guy. And that's an excuse, for example, of course. But the people are like that. But some people, if they're, I forget the name of the asker. But if you're the kind of asker that's like, oh, the worst they could say no. If you're that kind of person, someone asks you, you have no usually have no problem saying no. But if you're the other kind of worst, like, dang, now he put me into, in a position to be the bad guy. So they're way less likely to ask for stuff because they don't want to put that way. They don't want to put that way. They don't want to put that way. Person in opposition. So it's like, yeah, they're saying no, but I don't want to put him in that position because he's going to feel like, oh, I, I would. There's like two kinds of people. But it's weird when you get the clash of the kind of person, let's say I'm the kind of person who I don't want to put you in the position to say no. So I kind of, I'll be real shy to ask. But you're the opposite. You're going to be asking me for stuff and I'm going to be like, I won't answer you. I'll be bothered by if you, you know, for a few days and be like, man, I can't believe he's asking me to do this. You know, I can't believe he's asking me to get you. When you should just say no. Yeah, no, but in my mind, if I say no, now I'm the bad guy. Now you're in my mind, you're at home saying I can't believe he won't do this for me. You know, you go through all this stuff. But, um, yeah, that's when you get that guy. Dude, it's tormenting living in your hand. Yeah, I'm like, no, next question. Yeah, see, but then even when you say like, no, like, text message fully with text message. You know how you'll do, you say to real life, but at least I can see the look on your face, like, you're kind of half joking. I see it and all this stuff. But in text message, you say no period. Right, that's it. So I'm like, no, I'm chocolate anatomy. You know, you're the only thing you do like, you wouldn't have said it like that. You wouldn't, you know, but so yeah, you make it really hard, man. People read into a lot of stuff. Then that's, obviously, you have to read into some stuff to figure out what's going on. Yeah, but some of those people go crazy with that. You even married, but you got to read into everything. Every little thing you've got to read into. Hey, oh, by the way. Yes, so you got to, you know. All right, back to the book. Never quit. Obviously, next one, find a way to turn every minus into a plus. Good. There is a solution every problem. Some are more complex. There's than others. There's always a way. While he was at West Point, he learned about toxic leadership. And here we go. They were, they were putting under the command. They're putting the squads. And here we go. This squad had two different squad leaders. One month with each. I've never forgotten those two men. The first one was arrogant. Was an arrogant, sadistic person who screamed in yelled at us. Made us do unmerciful physical exercises. Apparently with the goal of driving the week to quit the academy. I despised that man. A leader should never be arrogant, spiteful, condescending, or engaging gossip. To the contrary, he should always act with humility and treat his subordinates with respect and dignity. As a leader, your words and action have greater impact on your subordinates than you realize. Thus, choose your words carefully. Avoid sarcasm and flippancy. Do not insult or take digs at anyone's intelligence. Remember, everyone processes information differently and at different speeds. Don't automatically assume that someone is stupid or indifferent because they haven't mastered a particular task yet. That stuff is so important. This is something that I screw up because being an ass, growing up in a sea of opaltoon, everyone's always like picking on each other. What's that called verbally sparring and cutting each other down? That's just the way it is. I still have that in me. I still have that in me. I don't know. Do I not do that to you? I don't know. But I can do that sometimes when I know I should. I'm like, I'll do it to my kids sometimes and my wife sometimes. Sometimes I don't realize it until afterwards. And the thing is, in my mind, I'm kidding. It's all good. I have no ill will, but you can't do that. That's one I need to always be careful of because I have a tendency to treat other people like their e-fives and a seal bin with me. That's not always good. Especially the wife that I'm in, and that before the wife. I said, this was the other day. I was the first day of the new year. I forget what my wife did. I feel what you did. But I was like, what a loser. Here's the thing. I've said that plenty of times and whatever to her. She said it to me whenever. But here's the thing. Either way, it's not like with you. If I said that or something like that or whatever. You did jokes. There would be a consistent reaction. I think. 100% consistent. Yeah, you're right. You'd be like, yeah, it's obviously I don't really think you're a loser. The fact I said is part of verbal smart, whatever. That's a consistent kind of interpretable as you sheets. Yeah. And so she said back, she's like, oh, first and salt of the new year. Kind of like, sure, that was her joke back. Right. Like, you know, the first thing. Yeah, but that's still a little like, and what I interpreted that or read into it is that, dang, like, it didn't take you much time to start messing with me like that. Like, it's like, oh, that's what she said. Yeah, yeah, that's what she said. That's what she said. Yeah, all right. Yeah, I think I was right. I felt it immediately. I was like, dang, I got to be careful with that pen stuff. Yeah. I said that to my brother. You wouldn't care. Yeah. Yeah. This continues back to the book. Contrary to popular belief yelling and yelling at and berating your subordinates will not make the move faster. Nor will it inspire that annoyality. In fact, it may encourage them to begin plotting your demise. Many years from now, your subordinates will not remember what deadlines were met, what sales were closed, what products were shipped or what training schedules were executed, what they will remember is how you the leader treated them, whether you inspired a climate of trust and dignity or ruled through fear, metrics and intimidation. It's interesting. And again, that's that's something that I don't do. Like, I might take jabs at people in a fun way that sometimes are not as interpreted as fun as I want them to, but then we yell at people that don't berate them. Don't do anything like that. And this is 100% right when you see people like that. It's not good. And when I started on this, like working with civilians, I think they actually people actually thought I was going to come in yelling screen. Yeah. And I'd be like, no, I'd and lay for nine used to be like, you know, I can't take it down. People think they're going to do that. They do the work together for 18 months, how many times do I raise my voice at you and be like zero? And we need to make the audience guest, you know, or whatever. And lay for, always cracks the joke of like, there's a lot of times you wanted to yell. Maybe because maybe that's good. Maybe yeah, maybe that's kind of part of the whole thing the whole picture, you know Why do they think that? Maybe because you yell in scream at other situations. I don't though If you videos of you yelling in screaming yelling in screaming, why I don't know stuff When you get into other stuff you don't never yell in scream at someone. Oh, you mean like I'm like I'm If I're not okay, well, that's a little bit if I'm raising and my voice is being a little bit more poignant Escalated. Yeah escalated. That's not screaming though. Yeah, so that's not yelling in screaming at someone, you know No, so maybe they just like feel that there's a lot of Fire coming from this guy and he's real effective in leading people in Hard-intensituations so the main thing is draw that connection, maybe it's weird The movies make it there. Yeah, because people are yelling in boot camp Here we go to another thing from West Point. This is Showfields Major general John showfields of civil war fame This is his definition of discipline. So now this is this is cool because we're talking about a guy from the civil war Right Here we go the discipline which makes the soldiers of a free country reliable and battle is not to be gained by Harsher tyrannical treatment On the contrary such treatment is far more likely to destroy than make an army It is possible to impart instructions and to give commands in such a manner and in such a tone of voice as to inspire in the soldier No feeling but an intense desire to obey While the opposite manner and tone of voice cannot fail to excite strong resentment and a desire to disobey The one mode or other of dealing with subordinates springs from a corresponding spirit in the breast of the commander He who feels the respect which is due others cannot fail to inspire in them regard for himself While he who feels and hands and hands of manifests disrespect towards others especially his infereers Cannot fail to inspire hatred against himself So again that what's cool that might sound all new worldy that's written civil war That's civil war, right that's old school and He's still talking about hey you got to respect your people. You got to treat them well That's a great that's a great definition of how to how to impose And I use that word is I it's you're not imposing that's the point you're not imposing discipline you're you're Opening the door and showing the way and leading that's what you're doing Cultivating an environment of this very very nice. I like that now he goes into the various brands of toxic leaders I'll burn through these bully leaders those who inflict emotional pain deliver threats and Ultimatums heral insults and invalidate the opinions of others narcissistic leaders those who are arrogant and self-congratulations Tory this brand of toxic leader will often contrast his own abilities against a subordinate's shortcomings. Look at me I can do this so easily. Why can't you? Insular leaders This brand of leader forms clicks and goes to great lengths to ensure that his followers are shielded and Enjoy special privileges. These are all different brands of toxic leaders Hit political leaders this is the one you talked about earlier. These leaders live by the mantra do as I say not as I do and rarely practice what they preach The hypocritical leader will hold his subordinates to a high standard, but won't apply that same standard to himself As a leader you should be usually be applying a higher standard to yourself than your people for sure Enforcement leaders. This is interesting. Enforcement leaders this mid-level leader seeks the approval of his Superior's without regard to his subordinates welfare He will consciously follow orders that are bad unsafe or illegal only to stay in the good graces of the organizational culture That's bad those guys those are bad leaders see him in the military. They're just they only lead They only they only do what they're told to look good, but everyone hates them and it's interesting Like you talk to someone that was above them in the chain of command and they call that guys a great guy Yeah, you super. You talk to someone as well. I hate that guy It's never that that that that that school-field's definition He said you cannot fail to inspire a hatred Treat sure thing treat people this you know that that you know what that is I think that is psychologically right human beings we want to be free we want to have we want to determine our our path Right when you take that away from someone and Just crush it They they Spite you for it and they hate you for where as if you can say look you can do this you can execute this mission How you want echo Charles? Yeah, yeah, you can do what you want here's the goal you figured out away as opposed to here's how you're gonna do everything my way Next one call us leader in similar vein to the enforcement leader the callous leader has a blatant disregard for his subordinates welfare or desires Credit hog leaders these leaders show ex show their toxicity by taking credit for an employee's success or contribution They resent the notion of getting credit where credit is due Blame shifting leaders the mirror image of the credit hog is the blame shifter This leader's quick to point the finger for anything that goes wrong and many times He actively looks for someone whom he can assign the blame The blame shifter will often maliciously accuse someone of wrong doing without evidence or probable cause That's a person that does not take extreme ownership bunch of toxic leaders that he talks about there Here's another Thing he talks about as a leader of any stripe you cannot simply give orders and expect your subordinates to follow them blindly To the contrary you must establish a clear intent of dressing the why and the desired end state It will never suffice for a leader to say because I said so as a reason for performing tasks If you can't justify the rationale of an order to yourself Don't make your subordinates do it Re-evaluate your reasons and find another method Have you ever said that as a Parent because they said yeah, everyone's in a while you know. No, no, it's stupid. It doesn't make sense to do that And when you say everyone's while you got a boss it out like like like Like your second alert emergency situation We look I'm telling you you could just put your shoes on we got to go like that because I said so yeah I mean that's that's what happens and you know it happens in the military too where you don't always have time You know if you're not if you're in a combat situation, you know you can't say a Hey, take that building over there and the reason why I want you to do this because bubble you know you don't have time to do that So but you have trust with your subordinates and they know where you're coming from and all that interesting so really when when you really break it down is You never want to do that ever no you never want to be just because I said so ever But like so this is the mercy is all the stuff this is another thing that life and I talk about is there's times Definitely where I was like life hit that building over there And this is what's cool. There's also times because I was the guy that was in church There was also times where life looked at me and said hey, Jocco move you're out down the over there And I was like okay because he needs me to do something so we have a mutually supporting Relationship yeah, it's not about like hey I'm the one that's out here barking all the orders We're doing we're trying to get something accomplished together and If he told me to do something I know he's got a good reason why because if he had time to tell me why He would tell me hey can you put your home view over there because we're gonna about to you know move guys out in this book whatever Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, I I don't need to hear all that unless unless I've got my home be there for reason and now he's saying to me like hey move your home view Hey, hold up. I got good coverage down this road. Oh, okay. I didn't see that can you push it back? Eight feet. Yeah, we can move it. Okay cool. You know what I mean? Yeah, so it's it's good We were we're cruising like that Yeah, but that's good, but as far as like the actual dynamics of why you shouldn't say because I said so because it's not in your case Let's say you don't have time to explain why right and You say move the handy right and you just move the handy Still even if you didn't explain why the reason still isn't because I said so and you know that because of all that Interesting is built the reason the reason is because there's some tactical situation that you know on full band yeah, yeah, of course Yeah, so it's one of those things where ultimately you never it never you never should be like because I said so never really should But in the event of not having time to explain or whatever even though there's an explanation needed In the event of that ever happening you need to kind of build trust yes, so you can Kind of alleviate that You know for the lack of time exactly what I explained to people when I talk about life and I on the battlefield that we had trust with each other So if we you know if I said to do something he'd do it and Know that I had a good reason for if he told me to do something I would do it because I know he had a good reason for and then later on He'd say yeah, you know, I need you to do that move that home because we had we you were blocking the field of fire from inside this building Oh, okay cool. Yeah, I moved it wrong So without that trust being built And you put that on top of my expectation of you to just follow my order Without asking why as a parent or whatever That is wrong What you say under you should not say that should not be Leading slash parenting and and so you got to remember you can get away with it for a little while like a new Chief checks into a seal puttone. He says hey guys, you know do this the guys are gonna do it Yeah, like they're gonna do it. There's there is a chain of command. There is a rank structure But if that's the persistent methodology leadership It's not gonna work for a long term. That's what you got to remember and When you do occasionally say that like when I would say to my guys to do something They do like they do it because they Because it was so seldom that I would utilize like some sort of the okay do this now very rarely Exercise that That power over the guys and it would probably I mean, I'm just assuming now But and it's probably because you never went to the Because I said so yes, no no Yeah, I don't think I don't think I actually ever said that so the left even even in situations What I would want to say yeah, like sometimes I'm right You know sometimes I just like I'm right you're wrong And I would I remember there was a weird running a block of training and the guys pulled out this certain element of training and I said hey, why did you pull off this element of training and they're like well, you know That's they gave their reasons which were all wrong And I and I was like I was like well, no, here's here's the reasons why you're wrong there You're wrong there and you're wrong there, but they were kind of adamant And I wanted to just say like hey Shut up and do what I'm telling you to do you put that put that element of training back in there now And I held myself back from doing that. I'm glad I did of course I'm glad I did because because because because here's the deal if you're right and you can articulate it I mean eventually I just took me more time to explain to the guys Hey look that element of training it might not be happening right now, but it could very easily happen again in the future Here's some examples here some place we are in the world here's other elements that are out there that are doing that same thing right now That we could easily get folded into so we need to continue to do that type of training And they were like yeah, okay, make sense But that was you know that took 20 minutes that took 20 minutes. I knew I was right a hundred percent No no no no no doubt in my military mind at all yeah I wanted to just say hey shut up and put the element back in training still didn't do it But I didn't do it. I want it. Yeah, that's how I'm doing so really almost ironically The less that you do say because I said so The more you can yes, absolutely just what I just said before the more you talk the less people isn't the same thing Yeah, or you demand people do things the less you can demand of them the last you demand people the more you can Yeah So the more use that tool very sparingly as a leader very sparingly and you know you kind of went down that rabbit hole But this one if you can't this other thing going back to the book I already read it but I'll read it again if you can't justify the rationale of an order to yourself Don't make your subordinates do it. This is something I get asked all the times like what if what if somebody came up and said They told you do something that you don't want to do but that you didn't think was right. I mean I wouldn't do it They're like oh really It's like yeah, of course really and here's the this is what they don't realize they think that everyone in the military is like Running around giving orders that are stupid and don't make any sense. That's not true No, you know when I got told to do things that didn't make sense a one good example that was Was taking Iraqis with us on the battlefield and they were saying we had to take a ratio of like seven to one Whatever the ratio was at the time and it didn't make sense And I said no, I want we're not gonna do that and I ran up the chain of command. They're like yeah, you're right doesn't make sense And you don't have to do it take what you can and we're like okay cool There's a perfect example me been like you know I'm carrying the line on the company guy. I'm all on board for the big win But if you tell me to do something that's stupid. I'm not gonna do it You know it's funny. I heard that about you. What do you hear that that's that's it? One of my friends. You obviously we know him, but He'd be like jacosol such a badass who like the way he talks to the this appears is like it's so gangster He'll be like He'll be like no, we're not gonna do that doesn't make sense, you know, whatever and now that you're like explaining it You make more sense because I wouldn't be that Yeah, but you know, you're there like oh my gosh, yeah, because I would be explaining it to him Yeah, and you got to be very careful That you're not coming across as arrogant that you're not coming across as know it all which and sometimes I would have a tendency to come across like that And I had to be very careful I'd check myself sometimes because you want to it's the same thing Just like you just like you want I want to tell my subordinates like shut up and put that element of training back And you want to tell your superiors the same thing and you know, hey shut up That's a dumb idea, but you can't do that and all you're gonna do then is what you're gonna do is you're gonna make them matter You the same thing that I just talked about going down the chain of cranks goes up the chain of command too so if If I treat you if you're my boss and I treat you with disrespect you're gonna hate me And it's gonna work out worse for me because I'm on the bottom side of that little pyramid we've built Yeah, so When I would talk to guys to my superiors and say that something doesn't make sense I would do it a very respectful way and Again, I had to be careful because sometimes especially people that didn't know me if you didn't know me I maybe that usually the people that didn't know me well I might come across as more arrogant, you know, and which is bad. I'm not saying like that that's bad I wish I wouldn't but If I didn't believe in something I wasn't gonna do it and I wasn't gonna be a jerk about it But I like hey here's what's going on if we take these number of guys in the field with this many Iraqis We're not gonna have all the people that we should have in the field to be safe You know you're talking about leaving behind a corpsman you're talking about leaving behind a A radio man you're talking about leaving behind a Close-air support fires guy those are guys. I can't go in the field without or someone could get killed and the The the the authentic man was like you're right cool yeah, and then this didn't again There would be occasional things, but it doesn't happen all the time where people are giving you stupid orders My bosses didn't give me dumb didn't tell me to do dumb things. Yeah, and I'm sure that's kind of You know sometimes they told me to do dumb things but they were little dumb things and you don't You know we did them yeah, we did them little paan little things You want to do something when you do something stupid, but it's small small and stupid I'll do it and I'll save my my objections to things that actually matter Yeah, makes sense those backs of that paper. We're gonna leave talks about doing paperwork and I Don't want to do paperwork and I'm like hey, we're gonna do the best paperwork because that's a little thing We don't care about it. You know what so we got to stay up next hour and do some paperwork Who cares? Yeah, we're gonna build that trust and that way when we had come time to say no for real We'll be able to say no for real and then the boss is listening to it. Yeah, yeah, I'm sure that that added to the whole cashier though You know where where when you did say something or did push back or whatever it would still you'd still get the results You know where someone who may not understand that fully as much as you did they just witnessed kind of the kind of the The end and be like dang jok who's getting silly Yeah, he makes stuff happen up the chain. Yeah, you know because cuz you know because to my guys I might be like hey guys, we're not doing that. Yeah Yeah, I think like I was like we're not doing that and they go to the go to the you know the boss is off It'd be like you know, I and DB from Hacer I'm just wondering about this plan. We got here I like to do it here. I don't like to go and then I come back We're not doing it Yeah So yeah, maybe that is you know level three gangster All right Here's another one leaders stay informed of current in events and they should anticipate challenges based on those events Just be be informed of what's happening that makes sense. Here's some other West Point lessons learned I was able to function mentally and physically in top form with only five to six hours of sleep a night Just saying take that for what it's worth. I don't advocate sleep deprivation But I'm just saying there's an example there that you might want to listen to another thing that you learned at West Point Read I love to read books and have and have since a very young age at West Point I discovered a magnificent library loaded with books on military history and leadership ever since then For more than 60 years now. I've been fascinated by the study of leadership military political business athletic etc and within that a focused interest in why leaders fail Remember a good leader is a lifelong learner who continually studies to perfect his craft It's interesting to hear these great leaders read you know again general madaces the classic 5000 books in his personal library Hopefully we can get him on the podcast to discuss some of his favorite books Okay after he graduates from West Point He missed World War II. He goes to Japan and he's in the occupation of Japan Back to the book. I was flown up to Japan in October of 1945 and was sent north on a train on the 11th Airborne Divisions jump school or for the 11th Airborne division jump school arriving in Tokyo central train station I was struck by the cleanliness of the place and by the hundreds of Japanese soldiers in uniforms sitting on floors Liney against walls all unarmed no weapons and showing no anger Toward American soldiers a Japanese rail conductor showed me to a spotless alcove with a short bunk and clean sheets the train left on time And I arrived in the next morning exactly on time Here is my observation these people were six weeks out of a five year war and they had already began cleaning up and disciplining their services when they get back on their feet watch out Even in the midst of defeat carry yourself professionally and maintain your discipline That is the quickest way towards recovery Interesting story the Japanese know we just lost a five year war. We got atomic bombs dropped on us Guess what okay we lost sign unconditional surrender Unconditional surrender that means you have nothing you have no power zero nothing unconditional Unconditional surrender you know what keep your uniforms on be squared away get the trains running clean this place up We got to get back we got to get back together got to get back in the game. It's kind of like if a girl breaks up with you Right no Unconditional surrender Not saying the surrender part. I'm saying the clean yourself Yes clean yourself first later recovery for sure. Good train spiraling letting you first sure for sure if you get back in the gym Right The reading Well you go when you when you're no you're a hundred percent right You are right when you are defeated Yeah The best thing you can do is maintain your discipline. Yeah, that's the best thing you can do maintain your discipline Yeah, be surprised. I'll quick you get back on your feet There's a very few people the only Some people are the reason they're they're Jammed up is because they're not paying attention things they should be paying attention to Like they're they're working out 17 hours a day and they're not paying attention to their family those are sometimes those guys get in the scrubs right and I kind of got to say look man You're in good shape you need to spend some time with your you know with your wife with your kids Give a little bit back Because that that happens to team guys sometimes yeah Gotta be careful that one. We're we tend to be water call. Oh, yeah, and the work is so fun that it just like can take Over everything wait so so what is that how does that does that contribute to their recovery in other situations? Well Let's just say there's a family Problem going on right and so what does the guy do this he's he's he's in the game right? He's well he's gonna work out even more he's gonna go to Jiu Jitsu even more But what he's doing is not helping the problem Yeah, you see them saying this is the most people don't have that for most people have the opposite problems when they get down When they get down they go You know, I don't feel like working out. I'm just gonna drink and pizza and donuts right that's what most people do A lot of time seals will be like, um, not feeling good. Cool. I'm gonna work out a harger You know, oh my family's not fun right now cool the gym is fine. Yeah, you did too's fun I was surfing on a nine day trip gang. That's like a Feedback loop kind of right in a way so it's like okay There's an issue with my girlfriend. I will make it last series. We issue with my girlfriend Mm-hmm. girlfriend's giving me grief whatever. I'm not around or something like that or I'm not sensitive to her feelings You know how I'm in to do with that. I'm gonna go work out Yeah, yeah, we make you guys which makes the problem worse now because you're paying attention less even less sensitive to her feeling The girlfriend is the one thing that with a wife is another thing. Yeah, because the girlfriend the guy will be like okay The wife is a different scenario Yeah, kids Big difference you just use your example wasn't good. It was you took a big you took what you thought was a small step, but it's a big step Two there's too much of a difference. Yeah, I'm pretty different because I'm so same example wife in kids That's supposed to girlfriend. Yeah, feed back loop. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is what I'm saying instead of instead of the guy going Because normal person good men will not feeling good because my Because my wife my girlfriend a normal guy. It's like hey, well, you need to get back in the gym Get your game together get up early get on the program Yeah, and they'll start feeling good and they'll start feeling good about themselves and they'll start being a better person and being a better husband Yeah, you say that to a team man. They're like okay cool. I'll work out in 19 hours a day and the other five I'll be doing jiu-jitsu Or whatever Next a good leader studies the culture of any location where he's planning to go and ensures his subordinates are properly educated on the same Here's a good one when in charge take charge But treat your subordinates with respect to dignity and common courtesy Here's another one a workers performance Often reflects the attitude of his leadership If you want something done ask nicely if a subordinate forgets to perform a task don't take it personally Just remind them nicely in any organization everyone has a to-do list while juggling these tasks Some things will never leave fall through the cracks when this happens don't assume that this subordinates Laze your stupid simply re-engage them on the task and if necessary emphasize why it's a priority If the subordinate performs a task and the outcome is not what you expected don't attack their intelligence or character Playfully explain the deficiencies and offer an idea for solution subordinates quickly lose respect for a leader who is all problem and no solution Speaking of problems wherever possible solve problems at the lowest level when leaders are confronted with disciplinary problems Be it willful disobedience negligence or honest mistakes they must resolve these problems at the lowest level before raising the the issue to higher echelons If the problem can be fixed and Remedy instituted at lower levels it will benefit your relationship with your subordinates improve the health of the organization And not divert higher level resources away from their priorities solve things at the lowest level. That's yeah That's I used to say this exact same thing to my guys Especially when it well when it came to anything but the topic would come up a lot of guys getting in trouble Okay, if a guy gets in trouble solve it like like solve it at your level And if you and if you don't think you can contain it tell me what do you mean get in trouble like oh Guy gets in trouble. Did you lie to get to do you well? Do you guys are pretty big one? But guy guys in your fight guy gets to do a fight out in town. Hey if you can a you can punish him You know the patoon chief here's about it and the patoon chief who says I'm gonna punish him He's gonna be doing brass pickup or whatever he's gonna be doing something cleaning the military vehicles as always You know one of the best what wax the six by That's that they you can handle it there you don't need to tell The patoon commander the patoon the task unit commander now it could be different the guy gets in trouble It now he gets arrested because now we're gonna hear about it because they're gonna find out the guys military They're gonna want to know talk contact the chain of command because that's what they do That's their that's their policy and so now they're gonna contact the chain of command So now can it be contained that's the question if it can't be contained then You got to run it up the chain of command because you don't want your boss to get get hit What's it called blind side right? It won't you Chocolate one of your guys was arrested you know yesterday why didn't you tell me you don't want that to have If you can contain it contain it if you can't do you got to you got to tell the chain of command Yeah, but you should try and contain it. You like hey, we got it handled Boss there was a guy got trouble yesterday here's the punishment I'd Delta out and here's or you know here's where I No one wants to be the senior guy with a secret if you've heard that before Senior guy with a secret Meaning meaning if you did something wrong and and I find out about it that means I'm I have the secret now yeah, and if I'm above you in the chain of command and now my boss finds out Well now I'm gonna get in trouble. So the easiest way for me to do it is to be like hey boss God and go to this wrong He got in trouble and then my boss now has the secret Yeah, he can tell his boss fully right. That's like the friend You know who catches his friends girlfriend or something to you know and it's like shoot. I don't want to Do I want to ruin the relationship or you know the relationship is already ruined You're right, so that's not a good exam. That's kind of a good Maybe that cheating real because there was a movie called I think it was called this and I don't know if it was a called the secret But that's what it was predicated on and so that's the whole thing he didn't want to Put it this way if he told if he was if you tell the secret He would like I don't know ruin some relationship and if he didn't it was like they'd be fine But you're the senior with a secret then of course at the end of the movie, you know they They find out you know the big reveal who is that Vince Vaughn? Was it anyway Talk to someone else about that You didn't have your own podcast echo movie reviews. Oh, it's the same concept I'm telling you Praise in public Practice punish and private. I think everyone knows about that Here's some here's some other left lessons he learned when he was occupying force in Japan be confident but not arrogant Self-confidence humility or The keys to getting any job done little dichotomy and those two obviously There's always a way Either you find a way or you make one if you can't think of a way don't hesitate to ask for help Take counsel from those who have information and experience it's so funny. I have some people won't ask for help Supervised check up on things but don't micromanage make sure you're subordinates understand their priorities of work I mean these I'm I just realize I was almost reading those as if like Hey, we already know these things it's like these are things that we know Not that not that they're not important and obviously how more new and before I did He learned them in the occupation of Japan Here he talks about some of that he worked for The officer under whom I served for the longest period in Japan was major man's field He was always cool never raised his voice Very perceptive took no wooden nickels and was a natural leader He told me that what he wanted to be done and let me run with the ball He trusted me and I went and extra two to three miles to make sure I would never let him down Never do a shabby job or never lose his trust That right there is this like you could just give that to people and say hey think about this man If you're gonna be in a leadership position think about this Always cool never raise your voice give people what you want to do and let them know with the ball Like that's just basic stuff, but it's so important What's the wooden nickel wooden nickel? It means it means you take you take things that don't work anything. Oh, yeah fake Couple more lessons learn tell your subordinate leaders your standards at the outset and what you expect That's a pretty good one If you let people get away with stuff for a while then when you jerk the chain back it hurts a more Push the authority down to make them sit decisions but keep responsibility for the results Don't blame support it's for bad results blame yourself for not training them properly or giving porn structures stream ownership boom for sure Always man well I see it and then I'll see I feel like I've done a good job in being conscious of this You know, okay, so if I say it, okay, so one year old four year old four and a half whatever and I say hey, you know Watch him. I'm gonna go grab this thing for my car whatever watch him don't let him Climb up on that bike and fall down He's one So I run in the you know I come back of course climbing the bike yeah Falls down yeah Hey, I thought I told you not to let you tell the four year old. I know that's what makes example even more powerful Because look hey look her failure is my failure that emphasis my failure even more so four year old That's my failure But the same thing for a big time check Be dead honest with those above you and below you totally candid but not harsh straight talk Respect your people Taking care of your people is not just about the obvious things pay working conditions Concern for their welfare and that of their families but seeing that they are properly trained and have the person Discipline and desire to get the job done and get it done well Carri a notebook or three by five cards and take notes when being given instructions or when your boss is explaining his philosophy or guidance on a matter I also found that when running or doing other physical exercises ideas and useful thoughts would pop into my head Possibly related in some medical way Blood movement goes to the brain So I took scrolling notes when running. That's not a bad. I've done that before I'll be like working out and I'll in my workout book. I'll have a little like four words of something I thought of or like yeah Yeah, I don't know if it's that interesting, but it's worth noting Yeah, I mean if that's true, you know like where like the carrying a notebook around now the nowadays Who people would notice in your phone do you put notes in your phone? Yes, I put notes my phone too. Do you take voice memo sometimes? No I saw someone doing it. I thought it was so cool, but I have it didn't didn't stick it stick It's not bad. I usually type in the notes. Yeah, but sometimes if I'm driving voice note Yeah, okay now he's a company commander in Korea So Korean war so you know he there's again. We're jumping to this book, but This is the I thought this was awesome He takes over as they as a company commander One of my first acts as commanding officer was to move six men out of the worst Bores nest in the place these mortarmen had been billeted in a derelict bunker Which was infested with rodents. I moved them into the officer's bunks and I moved down there moved us down there into the first mortarmen's old bunker I had some Korean support troops Cretcline at first though and it was very added adequate for my gunnery officer recon officer worn off Sir myself a few mice and bugs, but not bad one corner my end was dug into an old Korean grave Which was immediately covered, but there is still a lingering odor I keep my feet down at that end and Liberal use of an aerosol bomb and open and opening the door and it's not bad sleeping at all These graves are hard to avoid to tear scattered help or skeletal all of these hills were our positions are so What I thought was awesome about that he takes over as a company command These enlisted guys are living in this crappy stinky rodent filled barracks He kicks them out moves them into the officers barracks and moves the officers into the crappy barracks That's what I'm talking about That is legit Some more points from Korea good leaders don't wait for official permission to try out a new idea In any organization if you go looking for permission you will inevitably find the one person who thinks it's his job to say no It's easier to get forgiveness than permission Put the welfare of your own troops above your own They eat before you eat they sleep before you sleep Simple acts of courtesy and graciousness if I've profowned Impact on subordinates morale self perception and performance So Every leader is put through an informal process in the first few weeks Where in his people judge him and decide whether or not he's worthy of their trust He must earn their trust how a leader must prove himself by his actions appearance to meaner attitude and decisions I like that you're definitely getting looked out when you take over something for the first time you're getting looked at hard The leader must be visible on the battlefield He must be in the battle but Italian commander on down brigade and division commander on occasion He must exhibit his determination to prevail no matter what the odds or how desperate the situation He must have and display the will to win by his actions words tone of voice on the radio and face to face his appearance as demeanor his countenance and the look in his eyes He must remain calm and cool no fear He must ignore the dust the noise the smoke the explosions the screams the wounded the yells or the dead lying around him that is all normal He must never give off any hint or evidence that he is uncertain about a positive outcome even in the most desperate situations So again, you know what you brought up earlier of this hey we're not gonna show any fear We're not gonna show any possibility of ever losing you know, I don't think he's talking about that I think he's talking about Even though you might be thinking that and even know you might give the indication hey look if we don't get our act together We could lose this thing but we're not going to Some more Korea examples I've been taught for years that leaders must set the example and I tried to do so But in battle is absolutely mandatory and especially so during the Korean war at the company level I learned that I could keep common functional in the bed them stress noise blood and killings of a fierce battle I had no choice but to remain calm Stay in shape When we were not in battle or another operation I took a run in the late afternoon for an hour or so The first reports in the battlefield are usually exaggerated for good or bad and are not entirely accurate This is normal since they are sent back by leaders in a moving battle in our fragmentary First reports you're always wrong. That's what we used to say and that's usually pretty true. Here's a good one Be ready so you don't have to get ready A good leader will preposition as many assets and people as he can before an event or as in a contingency in case of disaster Thus when the alert and or emergency Annavidably comes you'll be better prepared to respond to it be ready so you don't have to get ready He talks about when things are quiet and here he's talking about when things are quiet On the line and nothing's going wrong tighten up security Be sure the listening out post are alert, especially at night and in particular if it's raining or snowing That's the most appropriate time for the enemy to close in it's interesting how he's talked about that told he talks about it a bunch But you know for him when if there's nothing going on do something right if you got a day off do something to make your position better If you're not getting attacked good improve your position every moment he's thinking about that When you draw a plan of attack or defense you must have information on the weather terrain and enemy capabilities But you cannot coordinate your plan with the enemy Therefore you have to think through all the what ifs The enemy does this what happens if the enemy does that what happens it's time well spent We always say the enemy gets a vote not what he said Yeah, you can you can court you can make your plans, but your plans aren't coordinated with what the enemy's gonna do there The enemy's gonna do what the enemy's gonna do Soldiers in battle fight kill and die and die primarily for each other Don't complain to your boss He wants solutions not just problems Right, yeah, and that's not just to your boss. That's up and down the chain of command Yeah, I'm saving private rain when he said you never grape down the chain of command. Yeah Definitely I think that was a different point news making pretty well it's it's well I just set up or down the chain plan He's saying don't grind up. No, he's saying don't great down. He's right. Go up. He's saying yeah, well he's saying don't gripe up and you're saying don't Gripe down and I'm saying don't gripe. Yeah. Well he's saying don't don't complain to your boss. Yeah, like that's a gripe Yeah, well yeah, the way I took it on saving private rain anyway was a gripe meaning like I have a complaint about this that I need the answer to kind of think it's more of a comprehensive thing Dude, you cannot see you cannot delete it's a difference between gripe and and complain They're the same thing. Well, I feel like complaining because only because he's a complete A complaint is might be a little bit more formal than a gripe a gripe is like man I can't believe we're not getting the same food again. Yeah, but it's also complaint Yeah, I think you're right about now a complaint could also be we are low on ammunition That's being beyond a complaint, right? That's like a critical situation. Wait, so gripe is less gripe is a little bit less, but they're the same freaking thing. Yeah, you know either one of them Upboard down the chain of great. That's but the last few brings solutions with you. Okay, so that's that is what I think was kind of like a Given what I felt anyway and keep the same private right meaning like if you have an official complaint like I'll say we need to change this. Yeah, I'm not gonna get you my beer right because he wants he doesn't want you to do it down because it makes you look like a week leader kind of thing I'm assuming With this he's saying hey, don't just come with all your complaints in no solutions to your to your superiors because it's a Superior's one Answers. I think they want solutions. Yeah, yeah, but when you gripe down the chain of command There's two things number one if you just complain down the chain of command then The guys are gonna take that and run with it But that doesn't mean you don't explain things down the chain of command that doesn't mean you don't say hey guys We're low on ammunition here's what's going on our vessel Transport got hit in sunk by a torpedo they didn't deliver the ammo or grab then people go Yeah, that's less as opposed to just a can't believe we don't have an ammo. Yes, yes We don't have enough ammo. This is an issue Maybe that's kind of what he meant that only goes up. Oh, yeah, try to think but both of them you have to tell you guys that you don't have enough Famionition you say hey guys we don't have enough ammunition here's what's going on. I put in for more the transport got sunk and And this is the situation where and we need to use our ammo as sparingly as possible. That's not a complaint No, that's an explanation of what's going on and a commander's intent about how much Ammonition we're going to use yeah, the conserving ammunition yeah check Back to the book we're getting into Vietnam shortly after 9 a.m. on June 29, 1964 I was handed the colors of the second battalion 23rd infantry accepting the colors Means the commander is now Responsible for all his command does or fails to do Yeah, once you're in charge you're responsible for everything Now If you remember in we were soldiers once and young There was the lost platoon which was led by Henry T. Haric Lieutenant Henry T. Haric and this guy was known to be aggressive Aggressive to the point of being reckless, right overly aggressive And His sergeant major and this is this is from the book Here sergeant major plumbly told him Colonel if you put Lieutenant Haric in there He will get all of them killed his senior enlisted man His sergeant major told him hey don't put this guy in charge He put him in charge anyways And he regretted that And he said that that was one of his leadership letdowns that he failed to remove a toxic leader from the ranks and and Haric soldiers Ultimately with a ones that that paid the price and therefore he says when you identify a toxic subordinate leader remove them If you cannot remove them re-assign them to a role where their toxicity can be minimized So and I mean Haric that does it and again you have to get the book where your soldiers once and young so you get the whole story because I didn't cover it in enough detail Because it's one thing that's going on in that in that whole scenario And and Haric kind of redeemed himself getting the guys together to at least defend themselves for days out in the field being attacked like Over and over and over again But it was his hyper aggressiveness that got them in that situation in the first place This is an interesting one He's talking about his troops and he says their duty at their level is just as important as my duty at my level That's that's awesome and I've talked about this before Haric is wanted like every guy in my Paltoon to think that they were the most important person in the Paltoon And that's what he said and it's right. It's not just like I was like manipulating it's like no you're the radio man If we need help you're the only person that's gonna get us out. Yeah, you're the corpsman for one of our guys gets moved You're the only person that's gonna be able to save it You're the machine gun You're gonna know some important job in the Paltoon yeah without you blamed down cover fire we can't move It's like everyone Everyone's the most important everyone's job is important now he He's actually Critical and and I got some feedback With with on we were soldiers once and young you know hair here's a guy that led his troops into the situation and a bunch of guys died and how is that in any way heroic? And that's valid right I mean A valid point we don't now the the counter to that is look you don't know you're gonna get ambushed if you get it if you know You're gonna get ambushed like that against you know 15 hundred soldiers the enemy soldiers then you would make this different decision But we don't know that we don't know that we don't have a crystal ball But here's some of how more is criticism of the way The Vietnam war was fought and again this is similar to hackworth and Hackworth eventually stood up and said this out loud during the war which is why he got so much criticism from the army and Also one of the reasons why I Like hackworth so much is because he did what I was talking about earlier He's like no I don't believe in doing this and we're we're not gonna win this way yeah, he said that Here's what how more says from 1964 until the American withdrawal 1973 are objectives kept changing from political stability and preventing an enemy takeover to preserving the independence of South Vietnam and training the Arvin forces at first the US pushed The South Vietnamese army aside and took the war over with a brand of fighting that only American forces and American logistics could support When we left in 1973 our heritage was just that a form of war that the South Vietnamese and its armed forces could not sustain In the late 1970s the army chief of military history general Douglas Kanard wrote a book called The War Managers He sent a questionnaire to 175 army generals who had served in Vietnam his book is the analysis of their replies Nearly 70% of those generals were uncertain and unclear as to what the US objective was in Vietnam Damn that's horrible. That's absolutely horrible 175 generals and 70% of them didn't know What the objective was now if you that's the genels you take that down the step to the kernels to the battalion commanders to the company commanders to the Patoon commanders to the squad leaders you get down the front lines and you guys have no idea what they're doing there How do we expect to accomplish the mission when no one in the chain of command really understands what it is that the objective is what the mission is So With that Colonel Morse as a leader must have clearly defined objectives. He must ensure that these objectives are clearly understood by his subordinate leaders Lesson learned Here's a Speaking of family life there are at least five activities that must be kept in balance through proper time management these five activities are the job Physical fitness personal time alone recreation and social relationships Also if they apply to others religion and family If any of these get out of balance then life gets out of balance For my own personal experience and observation of others Being a workaholic is the most common area of imbalance and again that's what I saw a lot with with the guys I used to work with They're workaholics and not with that you know you meet business guys all the time You're not you're not there's so many business guys that are workaholics Business men business women that are out there they're grinding they love it And then I want to stop and that's again that's that's problematic. It's not it's not the most common But business leaders Why are they in a leadership position because they built something why they build something because they wanted to win because they wanted to take over Well, that doesn't just stop at a certain point it keeps going it keeps growing You reach one goal and you've said another one a higher one. That's the harder one. Yeah, that keeps going Be careful that one Balance After Vietnam he went and took over a base where they were running basic training and here's what he said about basic training The goal was for every man leaving basic combat training to be in the best physical shape of his life And to know it to stretch his mind and his muscles and to assist him in thereby gaining more pride in himself More self confidence and above all more self discipline A man who has more self discipline has more confidence in his ability to do the job I got asked a while back me. That's your on the podcast, but you know guys it had to go over a unit They're kind of down-trodden. What do I do to get there? They're pride back up. Yeah, work them hard do hard training That's what you do Discipline Hard training give them something to brag about give them something to take pride in He was dealing with Vietnam protesters When he was running that base and He just said guys don't even show your weapon No, don't even we're gonna completely under react. I'm not gonna give him what they want And that's one of his tenants here don't over react and never over react to an over reaction and And I'm gonna close this out with a pretty big chunk here, but this is When how more got back from Vietnam he wrote a little piece called Lieutenant leadership in combat And here's what he says. This is a compilation of few my views on leadership of and by loutenates Specifically infantry platoon leaders in a combat zone It will be somewhat mixed in perspective and is not possible in these few words to get across my full views on leadership In my judgment, a leader builds over time his own unique brand of empathy or lack of it With his subordinates and creates his own leadership debits and credits with those under his orders So you've heard we talk about leadership capital same thing. He's talking about their leadership debits and credits He does not he does this through personal contact and shared experience based on the Interplay between leader and lead working with mixed perspectives shaped by the dynamics of real time and real life Leadership is a highly personal individual matter Each leader must establish his own approach based on an internal compass using a method geared to his personality His capabilities but always oriented toward accomplishing the mission while knowing and taking care of his men now while he says that You got to come up with your own your own method of leadership there the fundamental principles that he talks about that we talk about all the time That we wrote about those don't change you got to find your methodology of presenting them and carrying yourself But the fundamental principles are fundamental Hmm As officers we are given groups of men to lead Other officers NCOs and enlisted soldiers each has a different background different problems a different outlook and different duties But no matter what their background or their previous experience no matter how much love Care and effort may have been spent over the years by their parents and raising them when they are turned over to us Are now ours to care for At that instant the parents teachers or system that brought them to that point will be in the past Their lives and future are largely in our hands This is a terrible responsibility for a fire team leader to have not to speak of a battalion a division or a corps commander You got all these different people coming in and your response will form now and I'll tell you have had this conversation with business leaders too Business leaders are the same way Because when you're paying someone's paycheck they're feeding their family they're paying their mortgage They're saving for their kids to go to school. They're paying their car payment That's their life And if you as a leader are not helping them to achieve You're letting them down Now is it the exact same thing as having their actual life or death in their hand? No, it's not the same thing But the pressure is there Among other attributes I Feel soldiers of any rank must have confidence in four directions The first is to have self-confidence Developing it leverages many resources the primary sources expert knowledge of his assigned duties in readiness at any time to take on the next higher job So you don't want your people just trained to do their job You want them to be able to step up and do the next job above them in the chain of command in addition to creating Confidence through individual expertise his superiors facilitated development through trust and how they treat them This is imperative every person's dignity must always be respected I feel that if anyone under me fails the fault is at least half mind A man should never be caused to think poorly of himself and this requires a subtle Unsensitive touch by the leader especially when taking disciplinary action So the first thing you want us to have is self-confidence, right, and you develop it by how you treat them Second but non-priority word in non-priority order is the necessity for each to have complete confidence in his personal weapon as Well as any other weapon he might have to handle to include using radios and the knowing procedure And knowing the procedures for requesting and controlling mortar and artillery fires Developing this takes leader controlled leader supervised training. So you want to be good at your job You want to be expert in your job the the more expert you are in your job the more confidence you're gonna have The third confidence in the unit and the men who are fighting the third is confidence in the unit and the men who are fighting with him At whatever level the leader must strive to develop and intense a speed of core But never by running down other units An example of what not to do is to permit internal sub-units to be so disloyal to the organization as a whole as to critique Criticize snipe or run down sister units be it a squad putoon or company on up It is self-defeating and tears the unit as a whole tears down the unit as a whole so You want them to have Esprit a core but you don't want them to get it by cutting it down other units that are within your team Fourth and so vital a man must have confidence in trusting his leaders He must know and utterly believe his leaders are competent professionals who know What they are doing and are not careless or casual in their outlook toward their responsibilities For a subordinate to be confident in his leader the subordinate must know the leaders are aware of and Appreciates what the subordinate must face and the life he must lead in performing his job The leader must make every effort to get inside the heads of his men and see their problems and the world from their viewpoint You got to get the perspective of your people You got to understand what they're going through You know he talked about and we were soldiers once or young that in the in the civil war the the officers it was like bad if you can ride your horse all the time Because you didn't understand the guys that were marching with their going through it and Vietnam some guys were riding the helicopter all the Some commanders would stay over the battlefield it 2000 feet out of a small arms range where safe up here nothing can happen But you forget what those guys are going through down there on the ground yeah the gems and Should you do the instructor at jams him up sometimes when you know when you for you're trying to teach someone something And I said this before they called it a curse and knowledge where you don't You're so advanced you forgot what the white belt is going through yeah in his learning you know So you start teaching stuff and you know They you forget that they need to know this stuff first before they can pick up this other stuff, you know you need perspective Yeah, they're perspective Back to the book this takes some doing and while the leader cannot be intrusive into personal affairs He must Help solve personal problems if he can especially if the problems penalize Individual or unit performance For example in garrison and to some extent even in a combat area most disciplinary Problem stem from women alcohol firearms control money and vehicles This is this is from from my old job. This is a hundred percent true women alcohol Fieroms control not so much money and vehicles for sure guys crashing cars guys DUIs guys crashing motorcycle guys getting trouble with girls Drinking is is encompassed in all those Knowing this a leader can perform a lot of preventative maintenance As an isolated but not so example pay problems often arise for separated families living on limited income Many of these can be eliminated in advance by real leadership In summary My views are take care of the troops develop four way confidence and be professional This ensures we can carry out our first duty accomplishment of the mission Finally concerning professionalism I believe even now the clock is bringing us closer to some few seconds minutes or hours in the future When the professionalism we will have or will not have We'll make a life or death difference for the men placed under our leadership And whose families can only trust hope and pray That we know our business And again there's more in that book But I think we'll close it out there Because what a thing to keep in your mind Just keep that in your mind that even now the clock is bringing us closer Closer to a moment when your Leadership will be tested And it is your professionalism and that means your ability your mental and physical strength Your knowledge your judgment it will all be tested at some point Have we done enough to prepare for that moment have we trained hard enough Have we studied hard enough have we read enough have we learned enough Are we prepared For what is coming And I think that's all I've got for Tonight so echo speaking of being prepared Sure, maybe you can give us some advice on getting a little more prepared sure be glad to Prepared for I'll start with a preparation for Did you get to a few jujitsu references? Did you do this life? Crap please like jujitsu is life and jujitsu is life by the way There's a lot of similarities I would say the Asians I jujitsu is life well if you say that then that's cool the metaphor no no no no But for some people jujitsu is life. Yes, they're just training good good for them Maybe It shouldn't be your whole life. Yeah, yeah, I didn't mean that we're meant to like jujitsu reflects life it's like a metaphor for life. Yes, I find it so in the event of you being injured you too Like many people are and more people are becoming Mm-hmm a lot of people ask me what gui to get I know yep I'm going into it you get an origin gui that's it How many do you have Four four okay have three Okay Every single one of them is outstanding Yeah, designed Outstanding design designed here though here In America and the right you jujitsu players by the way yeah jujitsu players so I was I watched One of their one of Pete's videos and it was it's so if you go to their YouTube channels Yeah, you know the how you have the main video. Yeah, it's watching that and it made sense You know you see everyone that's part of the the factory they kind of give their input in the video a little bit and it made sense so like You know like there's a lot of geese that are made you know kind of thing but if it's made by jujitsu people they're gonna know like when you put on a gui Jacket they're gonna know the difference between a gui that's that whoever designed it had this in my there When you put your hands up What's that gui gonna do you know if you're just oh, I'm just like I'm gonna make a gui and they don't necessarily do jujitsu They might not pay the pay attention that kind of stuff yeah or You know when you do jujitsu, let's face it like if you do karate Your body goes through a certain thing right while you're doing karate and whatever capacity If you do jujitsu your body is gonna go through a certain thing and more appropriately your gui is gonna go through a certain Exterior you can't use a karate gui for those you just yeah That's one of the things I'm saying so let's say the way you put on and keep on a karate gui or a jujitsu gui Is gonna be gonna play a role in When you do jujitsu so like look you type you know when you tie your pants or something like this How your pants are tied Matters when you do jujitsu true just like how you belt it when you're belt it's tight it matters You know what Pete and these an origin they kept that in mind when they designed it and it shows too by the way Hmm, so anyway these are some of the reasons that you should 100% get an origin gui if you're still wondering what you'd get more important that if you don't do jujitsu and that's why you don't need a gui start jujitsu Yeah, then you'll need a gui and then you're more important you start jujitsu Yeah, that's what we're talking about the parallels between jujitsu and life and you'll get in good shape And you'll you'll learn to defend yourself real situations Re-calibrate your instincts recalibrate your instincts which were completely wrong by the way. They're wrong. Yes, if you're right now If you're listening and you're thinking you know my instincts are that bad no, I'm telling you that if you don't think they're wrong Go to jujitsu category and tell me you got good instincts. Let's roll In life do you want to turn your back to your problems in life? No, you do not In jujitsu do you want to turn your back to your problem? No, you do not okay, but Your instinct might tell you in a fight and sometimes in life Yeah, you do it because that's what we do sometimes see that's where that's why how more we're sorry We're not listening to our instincts all the time not all the time, but We don't follow them. Yeah, you've listened to it. That's a caution Right, but no, no, he's saying if they're predicated on your education experience learning reading Right, so essentially you are gonna listen to your recalibrated instincts after you train in jujitsu with your origin geek Because that's when you're gonna get because that's the best one straight up That might sound like an opinion, but it's a straight-up fact you get these skis at origin-main.com There's some other stuff on there Some apparel rashguards compression gear Hmm that being said this also other stuff Supplemental stuff something okay, so cruel oil You know what supplements that I think Jockel things I'm just being free right now. What are good supplements? Crill oil stuff to join warfare these are things to maintain your Structure bodily structure the two scientific something no, I don't think you have the capability of sending two scientific Real I think you might be right No, no, that was one of those digs I was talking about earlier. I don't mean it in a bad way, but it kind of come across like I'm a jerk Yeah, what do you say? I'm stupid. You said I'm stupid. Oh, this ain't stupid. I'm real scientific. Should I just not talk anymore? Some people would support that Don't answer that anyway Supplements yes, Jockel has to be lovers and there's echo haters. Okay, they're both there's two camps Yeah, the echo lovers is a bigger camp Hopefully the echo haters is a louder camp Yeah, and it makes sense The gripes I think they come up the chain or down the chain Both yeah, man makes sense hate to me if you're honest you're honest there it is nonetheless back to supplements Jockel supplements their good supplements supplements. Jockel actually takes see that's a big deal Do what I say not what I do in this case you got discipline in right now you do it all kinds of bringing stuff back close No, I'm just trying to learn these things. I'm applying to my life and in this particular Situation life is telling the people But joint warfare and super krill oil anyway. It's omega 3's in the krill oil obviously if you didn't know about krill oil. I think that Krill oil ended up to be one of those sleeper what he called sleeper supplements you know something where you like it's been going on the whole time And you didn't know about it. I'm about it. Yeah, yeah, kidding. That's me nonetheless Jockel as it takes it. I take it and I will say 100% effectiveness my opinion Ordnment scientific opinion scientific yeah a big time double blind triple Ordnment.com. That's where you get it also for a pre mission Supplement new supplement Jockel supplements. It's called disciplines like a pre workout cognitive enhancer Is that accurate well, yeah, it's pre life life we have mission because yeah because what's your mission because I just don't need cognitive enhancement when I when I'm gonna get in the game I also need to have physical yeah For small to location yeah, so that's why we made it yeah because I wanted because because when I do stuff it's physical and mental Yeah, it's physical and mental you need to be both those need to be Tuned up yeah, I'm firing so enhanced if you will at at the very least It should be squared away. Yeah, well and a good thing you can feel it See and that works real good for jjitsu too because jjitsu is one of those things Let's say come to an up-bench press you know people ask me all the time like good You take a pre workout in the morning because I get up early morning and I work out I do not take a pre workout in the morning before I go and work out the morning No, yeah, you don't want to take a discipline. No, I don't take draw me I go in the night drink water a brush my teeth drink water. You go then I go and do my morning workout So I do not take a pre workout or a new tropic prior to working out in the morning However for the Jitsu yeah, there is a I would say I'm about 60 or 70% of the time I'm on on the discipline when I go in there Yeah, because You can feel it like it you can feel better like why not have good training? Yeah, and that seems like jjitsu is one of those things like life is one of those things where This kind of supplement makes 100% sense because it is physical and mental and not just Like everything's mental. I get it. You brain drizzer. I get it's true even if you're doing You know bench press or whatever. It's still mental for sure, but jjitsu is like Your mind has to be going at the same pace You know you're using your mind just as much if it's not more during jjitsu You're using your body by the way. I think if you were gonna do looks Okay, so in the mornings I don't need it. Yeah, bro. I don't need it like I don't In the morning I'm ready like I wake up and and I'm Like ready to rock and all I don't I'm gonna get in there. I'm gonna get it get it yeah I will say this during Over the Christmas time some of my workouts in the morning because I had other responsibilities During that time period because you got early morning Tactical things that you're doing around Christmas Exeter and because you got kids and whatnot and so some of my workouts were and then in the app when I was working on the afternoon I was getting on the discipline of the afternoon because it's not the morning time anymore Yeah, but oh, so you're like one of the guys who like you know certain people they have their like What do you call it like time of day where they're performing yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I don't think I think my performance actually Pakes in the afternoon like most people. I think that's the most common time But in the morning when I get up I'm ready to rock and roll as well I'm saying I don't I just want to get in there and get it done like I'm I feel like I missed out I want you stuff when I was sleeping. Oh for oh yeah, like what just happened I kind of feel obviously I feel like I'm working on it like tank I could be sleeping None of the last it's called this one the pre mission we call it a pre mission yes Supplement yes good good name for the origin main.com. That's where you get it also for kick ass fitness here On it.com slash jackel. I get the kettlebells. I have the kettlebells my collection is grow. I'm going for all of them That's my collect that's my my my goal Clear and concise school you know if you want a if you want to make your workout routine more interesting there's a lot of cool stuff on there Battle ropes Maces and you can look up all the workouts you want to do. I think that's a big deal for people unlike you by the way Who don't mind doing routine routine routine you're gonna mix it up That's what I think in there on it.com slash jackel. That's where you can't get them awesome stuff also when you get the book We were soldiers once in young and also How more on leadership winning Went out gunned and out man So it's called when you're getting these books don't worry. I have the list of books including this one By episode on the website jackelpodcast.com while you're doing that make a note to yourself that you need to put the link to the new Extreme ownership because somebody tweeted me that you have the old extreme ownership linked in there which is not good Are you guys selling the old one? I don't think you can get anymore If you can get it well, no, I don't think you can get anymore. Just the new one. I get sold out All right there you go boom yet another book on the list and that list is at like I said jackelpodcast.com I'm gonna top on the menu there click on books boom all the books including the ones we the one we went over today Extreme ownership I'm gonna call it the new one. What do you call what's the official the new one the new one that's it? No, no, no, the re-reviates the re-release the black one the black one don't the black cover. Yeah He's got the black cover. Yeah, there it is. Anyway. He's away Yeah, it's got the new one has excerpts from the podcast When we talk about leadership on the podcast the really prominent questions Put some of those in there they're included in there and There's also a new forward and there's new pictures in there color pictures I held the line and hold the line Yeah, they're more called good pictures for them. It's a step up for me to step down. I Don't mind the colored pictures. I think they're cool But yeah, there it is nonetheless you can get it all on jackelpodcast.com in the book section click on there It's a good way to support Boom takes it Amazon do some shopping on there With these books here or whatever else hey carry on that's how Also subscribe to the podcast iTunes stitcher google play all these podcasting providing platforms If you haven't already leave a review if you're in the mood if you're compelled to Leave a review also YouTube we have a YouTube channel. I haven't read any podcast reviews on the podcast in a long time So maybe there's some really good ones yeah, come out. Yeah, yeah, that's really funny ones. Yeah, that's like um Like good doesn't mean like hey, this is the best podcast ever good right? Yeah, yeah, it's something that's funny and creative and it's still good Yes, of course well Because in your way of saying good it can still be a negative review as long as it's good a good one. Yeah, I'm saying yeah I mean I don't recommend Basically, but As far as you're a criteria for the word good in this specific case Good good good review You know entertaining I should tell entertaining there's entertaining there it is same with same with on Amazon Yes, there's some entertaining Reviews I've read some of those I'll read some more of those because they're good people put time and effort into those yeah Yeah, they do for sure and they're in their sense of humor. Yeah. I support that too by the way Also Like I said YouTube, it's great way of YouTube channel juggle bot guys what it's called So it's called YouTube channel boom got some excerpts on there if you'd want to necessarily watch the whole two Three hour podcast video format Some excerpts on there and take specific lessons boom all in the YouTube channel most of them all of them most of them Nonetheless Also tiny fraction of them actually yeah, you know some of them will say also there are deleted scenes There once in a while up at some deleted scenes if you care or Interested in what juggle digs at me about While we're not actually technically we're recording, but it's an a part of it. Yeah, I guess pre recording Pre recording yeah if you're interested in that kind of stuff It's on the YouTube everyone's on all post them also Jocquas is store It's called juggle store obviously this is where you can get if you want the shirts Shirts hoodies leave some hats on there Rash guards Strangely a lot of people been hitting me up for ash guards and I've been seeing them out in the wild way more recently Yeah, people are getting out there big time Where your kid rash guards are on there for the youth youth sizes the warrior kids. Oh, it's a warrior kid. Yeah, exactly right boom They're up up shipping going out already Also we have a new one on there just if you want any of this stuff This is where you can get a juggle story.com some good stuff girl stuff on women stuff on there Also Psychological warfare if you didn't know what that is I know Explain to before but in the event of you not hearing it yet this is what it is. It's an album with tracks Not songs They're juggle tracks so basically what these tracks are for are you or In your thought you're gonna keep it concise for a moment now. Well. Here's the thing. I think it's important You know what I let's see if you can do it in 10 seconds. No. I can do it in Texas 10 seconds I'm not gonna do our people the disservice of making it 10 seconds You know I This this product was made for me This is my product essentially true statement when it comes down to it So when you cut okay here's what it is when you come across your moments of weakness in life Okay sounded like you were at this Little bit Missing life Like you know you're waking up early right you want to keep it consistent all year New year new me waking up early every single day Maybe none of the Sundays or maybe Sunday's too. I don't know whatever either way When you wake up sometimes you're not gonna feel like it sometimes you're gonna want to hit this news boom put in one of these tracks It's juggle on there telling you Pragmatically Giving you practical advice on why you shouldn't hit the snooze Same thing with skipping workout same thing with cheating on the diet Do you call it cheating on the diet? I don't know what you call like all that eating donuts eating donuts Slipping up the diet, you know hitting these speed bumps weakness speed bumps is what they are Speed bumps had some chocolate chip had some chocolate cake with mint chocolate chip ice cream Oh, no, there's any was good How many times more than once no I you know what I had twice in the same situation Like boom I'm back again Boom like two hits and boom It was like chocolate cake with mint chocolate chip ice cream which is not normal So that's right why it got me. I wasn't listening to psychotic or Correct, you need to see that's a perfect example Where Actually, that's not a perfect example because I'm sure you were kind of like hey Freedom yeah, that was the freedom you were free part of discipline equals yes your exercising the freedom part This is for times we're like you're at work But I'm actually fasting right now Other than having some chocolate and some discipline yeah, I'm fasting yeah people some people You're no perfect Whatever I go right in 27,000 calories a day to eat them Four calories a day still not fasting. I think fast Zero. I don't know. I'm not a fasting expert either way what this is about what Psychologic warfare what what you were done who it's for none? You were not better. There's a whole explanation that even done We're still on you know what it is not an out of you how I'm tracking you said no you said You use the example of you eating chocolate Magic okay with mint chocolate with ice cream as one of the scenarios The chocolate cake had like a hard shell of chocolate on it Yeah, it's legit That is the well the reason I asked How many times can we kind of melt it a little bit yeah? That's how That's good. Well you do it with like a brownie so it melts that actually onto it's kind of the same There's a restaurant In San Diego, Obe California. It's called Raglan and they have something they're called the illegal Yeah, because it's so good that it should be so illegal right and it is it's up. It's no big deal Right this one makes it so good is it's just the a little cast iron pan Just a little cast iron pan and they cook a chocolate chip cookie it yeah, and then they put vanilla ice cream on it That thing is it would be illegal Yeah, yeah, that might be you know what might psychological warfare might not work Not even a arrangement That's a watch out for that one. Let's say no that because as of right now I think it's 100% success rate actually 101% All right, so I heard I heard out in the field reports, but you were saying You were saying what that that's the example when to use it. It's not Oh The example is when you're on the path but you feel like the moment a weakness. Oh, okay. I don't think the chocolate chip that was a conscious decision of yeah You know, it's the holidays. I'm gonna do this. You know kind of thing. I'm gonna actually my freedom because of all my discipline All that it's like you when you're at work. It's not lunchtime yet. It's almost lunchtime But not quite yet boom they got the donuts right because there's some big office meeting They want a catering or whatever it's that kind of situation You know that's what's good. That's what's good fasting we calibrate that that little hunger vibe Unless you hit a speed bump weakness during the fast Yeah, then you can by the way. Yeah. Oh, yeah for sure like peanut butter like there would have been fasting the biggest thing I think the biggest thing somebody's asking me about it the other day The reason he's like what's what's the hardest part like the first eight hours the first 12 hours the first 24 hours and I was like the hardest part of a fast Is the parts where you're not doing something Yeah, yeah like I haven't thought about eating one time during while we've been recording this podcast I haven't thought about eating one time When we get done and we Square ourselves away and you leave I'm gonna be like oh cool. What am I gonna do now? You know, yeah, yeah, but then if I was to go from here and like drive to go do something I wouldn't think about it. Are you talking about the phone? Yeah, you got something caught on what? What how long is this? I don't know. I think I'm actually gonna eat this afternoon or this evening. Oh, so you're like, hey, I'm just gonna fast What do you have a minimum amount? No, I'll do like 24 hours. You said you 24 hours once a month and then I'll do 72 hours once a quarter Yeah, I'll have a few handfuls of Mix nuts like throughout the Dale Grabo handful of Mix nuts. I'll have some tea Some chocolate white tea buzzer This is the first one I've done discipline, which I think is really good because it's it's make make me feel great So and like there's no calories in order there's one calorie or something really small in there Incident But yeah and and recalibrate your hunger Sensitivities and man, I feel good when I do it. So have you done it? You do 24 hours fast. You feel good. You feel good. No Here's the thing wait wait 24 hours yeah, I'm the time for man planning I do 24 hours. I actually probably do 24 hours more than once a month because a lot of times I'll just Wake up or I'll be traveling and I just won't eat yeah and so I ate the night before I wake up early the morning I go I travel I get somewhere at night and then I eat dinner Well, that means I just went 24 hours without eating yeah, and that's this Kind of essentially kind of how it happened for me early on but after while you're like you know The kind where you like dang I'm totally mislunch But I don't want to eat now because I won't be hungry for dinner with the family kind of think so I'm like hey I'm not gonna eat that I'm like wait. So I just went 24 hours You know what I've noticed this time and like I said it's only been 30-60 hours or no, but what I've noticed this time is the actual I felt good about exercising discipline like I felt good about like I'm not eating that because Maybe it's because because I Just I've been thinking myself like yeah, I don't need to eat right now and that feels good I've been actually enjoying the discipline of it. Yeah, which is I know where I don't enjoy the discipline of it No matter I haven't I know that I don't know everything thought about it before this time I've been like yes Yeah, that makes sense. Oh shut you down kind of I don't know I know we don't talk about seal training a lot but when you go through hell week Which is like when you stay awake for five days One of the things that I thought about when I was going through hell week was like oh, it's gonna feel so good to sleep And I get done with this that it kind of made me feel good to Do it like I was like oh, man. Can you imagine how good it's gonna feel when I've get right this I could go sleep It's gonna feel so good and Right now I'm kind of like the same thing. I'm kind of thinking off feels so good to not to not eat right now because yeah in two days I'm gonna eat Yeah, it's the same we have feel strangely not strangely, but same way I feel when I go in vacation or I'm like if I didn't Do a lot of work for the you know the past months or whatever like let's say work is like kind of Chris we'll say like you didn't like test me you know how like If I shoot all that like at the master I'm kind of shooting all day for 430 I'm shooting everyone he's talking about taking pictures and I'm like where are you shooting? I don't shoot guns work. No, I don't nonetheless Well you do a few masters you make some being you know in my case, you know you do work and then you're like oh You're looking forward to that vacation kind of thing But if it's like oh you have a trip land, but you haven't been working that hard You're like to brown when I like I want to stock up on a bunch of hard hard work So I can enjoy that big game, you know, I mean so the vacation seems more appealing same way Feels good. Yeah, give it a try check with your doctors right? I guess what? Super free fast. Yeah, sure, but nonetheless if if in back to the speed bump thing if you hit your mom's We know where you can carry this threat back to cycle why psychological warfare is good Because sometimes he hit those more all that you've said about it. You never said hey you get it on apple iTunes Amazon music you never even gave out the goods not yet I was about to big time I was about to demonstrate the whole thing, but you already did and I thank you for it because I Can do it. All right, hey also on Amazon you can get jocquite Which you know there's been a lot of scientific studies done and a lot of people have tried it We have witnesses you can absolutely deadlift 8,000 pounds including Jordan Peterson by the way Mm-hmm. Yeah, he's been now deadlifting. He's only deadlifting 7,000 pounds before and this is coming from him Yeah, now he's deadlifting 8,000 pounds. So that's good. Jocquite. There's some great reviews on there You might want to read those We got some books Way the warrior kid Should kids the path the next warrior kid book is coming out April 28 So you can I'll let you know when you can get that I don't know when you can right now, but that's when it's coming out I'm done writing it just doing editing now And also there's the book talked about earlier extreme ownership Rimmma me and my brother life babbin and The new additions out combat leadership for business in life. There's a lot of lessons in there You can learn from it. I learned from it Also the discipline equals freedom field manual And when you say that you gotta say it like that Because sometimes people don't don't want to say field manual But someone pointed I don't know they say this is this book was for him. Yeah, this one was freedom field manual A guy who said today On social media on Twitter he hit it up and he said hey, it's a field manual It's not a book you don't read from cover to cover. It's a field manual So you take it out when you need it. Yeah, you refer to it. You go through it. Maybe go through it one time Because it's not long not a long read this ain't about face by Colonel David Hack worth you can probably read this in two hours Three hours Then once you've read it you go back to it. Yeah, the field manual Teaching you how to get after it mentally and physically the thoughts and actions that you can take to get better Opportun time a lot of people got it for Christmas now they're implementing new years Good New years resolution yeah Also a lot of people still asking for the audio version of the discipline goes read them field manual It is not unautable it is on iTunes Amazon music Google play and other MP3 broadcasting platforms That's where you can get it If you need further implementation in your business or your organization or your team beyond the podcast and beyond the books We have Eshalon front which is our leadership consultant company. It's me, Lave Babin J. P. D. Nell Dave Burke email info at nationalonfront.com or check out the website echelonfront.com On top of that we have the master The master is a Leadership gathering. Yeah, it's in Washington, DC May 17th and 18th. It is in San Francisco October 17th and 18th Come and get it You can register at extreme ownership dot com and if you need to follow up with us with questions or answers or comments or just to cruise That's cool. We are actually on the interwebs Twitter Instagram And Facy Boy echo is at echo Charles and I am at jacca willink and thank you for listening to the show and thanks to those of you that are listening that make this show possible Those of you in the armed services that are out there on the front lines worldwide Keeping peace and protecting our freedoms to police law enforcement firefighters paramedics and the other first responders Thanks for holding the line here at home and keeping our families safe. Thank you for your services well and to everyone Remember That even now the clock is bringing us closer Closer to that moment So Train hard and work hard and do everything you can to be prepared. So when that time does come You can step up And get after it So until next time this is echo and jacco out