 This is Jocco podcast number 13. With echo Charles and me, Jocco Willink. Good evening echo. Good evening. I instantly lifted my M4 as my eyes scanned the terrain above us. I knew without looking that John and the other guys were moving as soon as my weapon came up, Reno took off at a dead sprint and disappeared 20 feet to our left. Seconds afterward, screams came from the area. I moved forward, scanning the environment as I moved, wanting to come to Reno's aid as soon as possible, but unwilling to leave behind my tactical sense. I heard three shots ring out as a Taliban fighter, tried to exit the shallow cut that they had been hiding in. His companion was locked in a fight with Reno. The dog was destroying his opponent, blood quickly covering the man's clothes. I called Reno out of the fight and squeezed off several rounds as the man reached for his weapon. We quickly searched the area before moving on. Our pace even quicker than before, the gunfire for sure had given away our position. Legs and lungs burned. The elevation taking its toll as we finally reached our destination. Sitting on the edge of that mountain, waiting for a ride, I looked back at the last few hours. My padded Reno's head, twice tonight he had saved my life, twice I owed him yet another dead of gratitude. His body shivered slightly as the cold wind bid into him, now that we weren't moving, the cold settled quickly. I pulled off my coat and wrapped them in it, pulling his body against mine to keep him warm. Tonight he had saved my life. Tonight he had saved my brother's lives. That is a little excerpt from the book, Trident K9 Warriors. My tail from the training ground to the battlefield with elite Navy seal K9s by Mike Ritland, a seal who ended up working with dogs, training dogs, and eventually starting a company called Trico's International that trains dogs for the most elite forces in the world. And that was an excerpt that was from an operator talking about one of the dogs that Mike had trained. And Mike's written two other books, besides Trident K9 Warriors, he also wrote Team Dog and Navy seal dogs, which is a book aimed at teenagers. And tonight we are lucky enough to have Mike with us on the podcast to talk about how the hell he ended up doing what he is doing. So Mike Ritland, welcome aboard. It's a both a pleasure and an honor to be here. I appreciate you having me. So we always have to start where you started. Tell us a little bit about water-loo Iowa. Well, it's one of those spots where I guess it's a good place to be from. Not a whole lot happened in the night, which honestly is why part of the reason why I got in the dogs, because there's not a whole lot else going on. Wrestling obviously is huge in Iowa. And I had the pleasure of growing up during the Gabel era of Iowa wrestling in my dad wrestled with the Engable in high school. And so being kind of ingrained in that culture growing up, even though I never wrestled because he can hardly walk and it's so beat up from it. He swam and so all of us swam long story short. There's still a big part of my life. So growing up having that mentality ingrained was a big proponent of where I'm at today and why I got involved in both the Navy and in dogs because of the appreciation for that mentality. In terms of water-loo, it's suburban town 70,000 people. It's a lower middle class, probably. A lot of influence from Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Louis, pretty rough high school growing up there. It wasn't the best the times for me, but taught me a lot of hard lessons about perseverance and doing things even when you don't want to do them and facing things that you're not not willing to be comfortable with facing and things of that nature. And I was on a swim team and influenced by my grandfather's in terms of their service in World War II. And I just always wanted to make an impact in terms of serving my country. I know I'm a little younger than you, but for me I was in junior high when the first school for World War broke out and scared the crap out of me. A couple years later I was like, where do I sign up? That progression, just in that couple of year period is crazy, but those experiences and some terrorist activity as a young kid growing up, really shaped no different than how it shapes the guys were constantly going against and the generations growing up, which has a huge impact from our recruiting standpoint. Yeah, I mean it was just something that Blue Collar Town, Patriotic Grandfathers were pipe hitters in the World War II and what they do in World War II? My mom's dad was on a mine sweeper in the Navy. He was a cook, a straight out of Navy's, Steven Sagaal just a cook. But he was just a cook, but he was on a fleet of mine sweepers. He was 98 in the fleet in the Mediterranean and two of them came back and he was on one of them. My dad's dad was in the army. He actually tells you how times have changed. He beat an English allied soldier to death on a bar fight somewhere in Europe during the war and they just sent him home and discharged him. But I didn't know him real well. I met him a couple of times. He had a pretty rough, rough go after the war and it was basically an alcoholic and only some through four times maybe growing up pretty died. But my mom's dad was a huge influence. I talked with him a lot about. I was always fascinated by his stories and his outlook and he wasn't a versive to talk and about it. I enjoyed talking about it. But it was very inspiring and it just made me want to serve. I've kind of always leveraged my decisions in life on how I'm going to make the most bang for my buck and get the most out of every decision. I felt like it was my turn to carry the torch for a little bit. How do you hear about the teams? I was a popular mechanic's article that I read. I was in like ninth grade and I was the first time I'd ever heard of it and it showed to me like one of the things that I think recruits a lot of us is saying that it's actually the toughest military training people. I'm going to go do that then. First of it. So I was part of it. But yeah, I read that and that was out of time when I got rolled up pretty hard a few times in high school. Yeah, you were talking about that in your first book. You got rolled up a couple times and beat down. I was a runt in high school like my freshman year I was five, four, hundred and five pounds. That's fun. And then I was one of the happened juniors and seniors just wailing on me and I didn't have much of a chance there. Even when I graduated I was the same height I am now and I weighed 140. My first ID in the Navy I was 145 and I'm at 511. So I've put on a few pounds. So did you die fair program or anything like that? I didn't. When I originally tried to be a corpsman and at that time this was 96 they were like, yeah, we're pretty heavy on corpsman picks up Nelson. I was like, how about Intel specialist? You know, so I went to ISA school right out of boot camp and when I graduated high school I was 17 still. So I had to wait until I turned 18 to go to boot camp. So I went to boot camp in August. I was a school in checked in the buds in spring of 97. That was the youngest youngest guy in the class and the whole deal. And what did you weigh then? I worked out pretty heavy in a school I got up to about 155. I think. Yeah, I mean I had to get to that. I mean I see pictures of like post-Hell Week and first phase. Like I look at I could just broke out of Auschwitz. Yeah, I mean there's nothing to me. Yeah, but I weighed 175 when I showed up. Yeah, 511 175 and I grade 185 when I graduated. I put on 10 pounds. Yeah, I did the same. I weighed 165. I think if you're a little bit scurc as I was like a scrawny. I know 175 might not sound scrawny but I was pretty scrawny 175. And then they put a little meat on the bones as they say. Because you can eat whatever. I would order a domino cheese pizza extra cheese pizza just about every night. Yeah, I had a similar ritual. You remember the country store. Yeah. So at the end of every day after dinner I would go to the country store. And there was that little McDonald's next to it. Oh yeah, you'd get some of that. I'd get a quarter pound of what cheese value meal. And eat that and a box literally a box of 10 oatmeal cream pies. And a 64 ounce, let it get ready every night. There you go. And wolfed it down no problem. Yeah. And I gained like eight pounds. The thing is, you know, it sounds somebody about this. You know, you run to Chow and back. Every meal you run to Chow. It's a mile there and it's a mile back. Yeah. And you go three or four times a day. For because sometimes you go at midnight. So that means you're running between six and eight miles every day. Before you even include any of the actual training. So you're doing a lot of physical activity. You can eat a lot. Well, you'll need to. You'll need to. Especially at that age, too. Oh yeah, it's right. And then you couplet with being cold most of the day. That's true. Yeah. You're burning. I want to wait your burning for calories. It's a massive amount of calories. It's got to be 10 k plus. Yeah. I didn't even think about the cold part. Oh, yeah. Because you are just cold all the time. Just a hammer and calories away. Um, she get done with buds. And and you you were a swimmer, right? I was. So you're one of those people that I talk about like swimming was for you is just super easy. Actually, no. I got I got rolled. I started with 2014. I got rolled six days before going to Sanctuary Island for swims. You lose. That's not for that. Well, so here's the I pinched my sciatic nerve at that look. I'm going to do in land. Because it's not a loose person. I just failed everything. But it's kind of the kind of running dog. Like, no, I got rolled for swims. Because it was the first thing that I failed three of. I failed everything after the goon. Because I with that with the injury. But I will say that because I grew up in Iowa, like that my first time in the ocean was it buzzed. Like me, I had been knee high water. Coat baby, John Spring break or whatever. But I'd never been outpast a surf. I'd never swim at night. They freak you out. A little bit. It was just kind of, it was like an over stimulus type thing. But for me, you know, not having a black line to look at, you know, and having to guide off the coast. You know, was it a bit of a challenge. But for me, the biggest thing was actually swimming with fins. Yeah. That's, you know what? That's a good point. Because it's a good point. People. It's totally different muscle. Yeah. Well, and you're, you know, from from having swim. I grew up when I was from five until I graduated high school. I mean, I had partial scholarship offers, you know, to some local colleges for swimming. And, you know, for me, it was, it came pretty natural. I mean, I was never a state champion, but I went to state and did alright. But, you know, showing, so growing up with that muscle memory of how to swim without ever using fins. When I, the first time I put those on, those duck feet are like two by fours. You know, I mean, they just destroyed my ankles, especially being kind of scrumptious. Yeah. So for the, for first phase, like my feet and ankles were just destroyed the whole time. You know, like, for me, it was hard to swim. And, I mean, I could pass, but I wasn't, I wasn't, you know, the guys out in the front just turtle back. Yeah. You know, having fun. Who were those guys? I mean, there were some Olympic swimmers. Yeah. And water polo players. Yeah. I had a couple of those guys where I just thought these guys were just studs. But they were swimmers. Yeah. So that's why I figured you would breeze into the swims, too. No, I mean, you know, they didn't bother me, you know, but I was middle of the road. I wasn't, I wasn't blown anybody on the water. I think for them, some of it is that, you know, when I, when we were probably a little behind the power curve technology wise now they do use a lot of fins. Little cheater fins and training fins and stuff. And so there's, there's some more to it than that. Plus the, the guys that I saw that did really well were more muscular than I was. You know, for me, it was like those fins were about a quarter of my body weight. You know, and it was literally like having concrete shoes going for a jog. I mean, it was like, yeah, it didn't do many favors that took some getting used to for sure. The runs and swims. I mean, what about the runs? Runs no problem either. You know, really there was nothing that I, I would say that I struggled with. I wasn't the best at everything, but I, you know, I wasn't getting going either. Yeah. I mean, I was kind of a gray man on purpose, which was the best place to be in one of my buddies. He would say that they started the Goonsquad every single time with him. Yeah. Goonsquad if you're, if you're slow on the run and you're, get to sort of the end and then there's a instructor waiting and these from this point on, you're getting gooned, which means you're going to do a bunch of crap. And it's going to suck. And the sky was the beginning of the Goonsquad every time. It's just not fun. Yeah. So what year was it, when you graduated about? So it was spring of 98. And then you went to team three. Yeah, I went to boot camp or, uh, Benning jump school. Oh, okay. Yeah. Back when they still did that and then from there straight to team three, and an STT and I got my, did the cheese board thing, which was, I wish they still did that. Yeah. You know, I think that's a sacrilege that they do it the way they do it now. But yeah, I got my try to in October of 98, uh, wait until January to jump into my first puttune and that was an archalph of puttune. So I was a great son. Oh, it's a 22 month work up with six months of fleet X ship deployments prior to even deploy and I did two arcs. Yeah. Yeah. Back to back arcs at team one parking the dirt. I think they're valuable. What ship did you deploy on the Duluth right now? LPD6. Yeah. Yeah. So that thing is from 1965 or 67 or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They built these ships echo to take troops from here to Vietnam drop them off. But then by the time we were on them, they were just doing full six month deployments. So it was straight up World War two style canvas racks. So little canvas racks. There'd be four people sleeping stacked up like four bucks with these little canvas racks. This is old school. But I will say this. I mean, the experiences in terms of big Navy like you don't get those for sure. For sure. And doing the fleet X as we were on the Abraham Lincoln and got to stand on the bridge watching F14's land and take off. And you know, we got to do some pretty neat stuff that that I'm glad we got to be a part of. Well, it was awesome for me was we were doing it because when you're when you're with them, you're with the Marine Corps. And so we did all these operations in conjunction with the Marine Corps. So I was a comms guy. What were you? And tell guy. So I was a comms guy. So I was always interacting with all the other units that would be out there for communications. And then coordinating and all that stuff. I had a real leg up when it came to working with conventional forces, which if you were in a regular spec ops, but you and back then you wouldn't ever work with them. I mean, you'd rarely, very rarely work with conventional forces. So I did two orgs where I got to work with Marines and do massive, you know, battalion sized operations and had to coordinate all those things. So it gave me a good introduction. You'd get you'd get guys back in the teams back then. They wouldn't even know. They wouldn't even know. They wouldn't even understand what a Marine Corps battalion was or what a company was or what a platoon was. They just wouldn't know. Now everybody knows we've gotten more professional as time has gone by. But that gave me a, I was really lucky that I had that org platoon experience. Yeah, I mean, like I said, just getting, you know, kind of the big Navy perspective on a lot of things. I think is, is valuable. And it was just neat from a, for me, at least from a tradition standpoint. I mean, because we did about a three week exercise in Australia where we tested out a fast catamaran that they were testing for us. Mm-hmm. Basically the thought was, is this thing to do like 55 knots, you know, and it's the size of a, you know, it's bigger than like a guided missile crews or maybe medium sized ship with, you know, a hole in the middle of the cat. But so the, the thought process was we could deploy like a whole task element or at least a platoon. I don't know if you remember the, I think they were with the hurricane class or whatever those little. Oh, yeah. And it's WMM, amphibious boats that was kind of the same principle and they, they candid after a while, but same kind of principle. Is it, but these things do 55 knots and it was weird, you know, we're out floating around testing these things out doing some, some exercise with some, north or south Australian guys and it was more like being on a plane than a boat in terms of the way it felt like when you're trying to sleep, whatever. I mean imagine a boat that big doing 55 knots crazy. That's completely crazy. Yeah, but you could put everything, you know, you could do a full pass gallon that load out on it, be completely self-sustained and go 55 knots anywhere in the world, you know. So it certainly had some potential, but obviously we never ended up doing them, but are getting number and implementing them. So how many deployments did you do before the war kicked off just that one? So that was because it took so long as 22 month to work up then you did a six month deployment then you come back from that. Well, so yeah, the kind of the raw deal that the, I guess, could call it a raw deal, but for me, so we got back in February of 2001 mid February. And because it was right in the middle of the force 21 re-org. Oh, it's right. So it was team three. They're official force 21 form up wasn't until January of 02. So from February to January the entire team was basically like on pro-deve or whatever and you know, I'd only done one of the two and so they're like, yeah, I'm not going to free fall yet. Now we got two other guys going to snipe her. So you can go to Hasmat. That's cool. Awesome. You can be a bus driver. So I ended up actually going over the Sism team. I don't know if you're not. Oh, thank you. You're a swimmer. Navy pentathlon. You know, at team three, I was always like when we did run swim runs, you know, as one thing being a little smaller at that time and being a good swimmer in a pretty decent runner, I could always get top three top five at the team on any given day doing swims and runs. And so I went over and tried out and made the team and competed and we were supposed to compete in Istanbul that summer. Do the whole, you know, train for six months and busted my, my backside and then I pulled my, pulled my tour, my growing. And, and I just, I couldn't, I couldn't get it healed in time and so I ended up not not being able to go compete with really sucked. I was looking forward to doing it. But it was a neat experience. So it was totally different. It was, you know, the first time in my life and the only time. It was like being a professional athlete, you know, we'd train for three, four hours in the morning and swim for two and a half hours in the afternoon and do a Saturday, long, long run or long practice. And that was it. The rest of the system stand for. It's, I mean, it's not even an English. I don't think it's, but it's basically like military Olympics kind of. It's the navy pentathlon. So it's, okay. So the, the event. What would be events? It's, so it's an old course, but it's a totally different, you know, it's a real squirrel, a old course and it's a small, right? Yeah, it's small. Yeah, you just, it's really fast. Like it's one of every sprint. Yeah. So there's that. There's a, like a, I don't know what they call it. It's like a naval traditional race thing where you're patting a little boat and you go out around a dinghy and have to do shackles, whatever. What shackles? Well, like it's like it's a little like you go around a buoy and have to take a shackle off and connect it to something else. It's, so there's a little traditions. It's a challenge. Yeah. Same thing with the underwater oak horse, which that one was pretty legit. It's 125 yard underwater obstacle course. And you got those big three foot carbon fiber freed eye fins on. So you're doing, I mean, it's like, like, I couldn't have these and, and, like you're thinking about combat swimmer, like I'm going to steal some of these. But yeah, I mean, so I'd say 90% of that 125 yard race is underwater. You know, you only come up at the end of blow out and take a breath, like a dam orca, you know, you're just like, You know, and go right back. Are you doing tasks underwater? Yeah. So there's, there's a, like a cargo net with a hole at the bottom. You got to, you know, and this is over the CTT and the 15 foot section. So you're going from the top down to the bottom and then back to the top at the other side. And so the only time you're taking a breath is at the end. And I will tell you from a physical standpoint, like that was one of the more taxing things I've ever done, because it's a race and it's technique and whatever. But so there's a cargo net. You got to go under. You got to swim a rubber M16 from one side to the next holding it out of the water. But you're, you know, you're basically your whole body's underwater with just the rifle out in your stream line and whatever. It's all techniques that you're, you know, whatever. And then you have to go down, you know, you go to one side, come back. So basically swim the M16 across. You drop it. You swim all the way down through that hole, come back up. So when back down to back to the other side and undo this little like fire hose shackle thing and put it back together, come up and then sprint back to the other side type of thing. And that was pretty pretty challenging. But so there's that and then there's a life saving thing where you got to do it, you know, save a dummy basically. But you have to get out of your clothes and so like you're wearing these old buds greens and they're all like rigged so that you can get out of them. Like literally you undo the pants, you know, and like it's just all technique thing, but you can go from having full greens on in the lot taking them off in the water by doing like this Porpus back flip thing and you back flip out of them and then go save the guy and it's it's really kind of dumb honestly. It's all like I feel ridiculous even if you're explaining it like it sounds even more stupid. You're explaining it to you guys not knowing what it is, but, but, you know, so So there was some underwater shit going on. That's basically what I'm here. So that thing you can't go because you get injured and now. So so shortly after you were supposed to compete if that was supposed to be in the summer of 2001, September 11 goes down. Yeah, you get rolled back into a pertinent at that point. Well, so I did a couple of Intel schools, some secret scroll ones that were actually pretty awesome during that summer after I got hurt. And then I literally, in fact, one of them, I flew back the night before September 11th on September 10th. I flew from from DC to San Diego. I get home, September 11th happens. I'm on my way live in the hole at the time. I was on my way into seal team three and you know, getting ready to jump into a platoon when it happened. And so obviously like with everybody, you know, all bets are off and figuring out what we're going to do. There is an exercise in Jordan that they sent me on a couple weeks later. And they beefed it up pretty heavy. Like, it was going to be a minimal footprint. But after September 11th, they ended up sending way more people on a lot more resources. It kind of set it up almost like a, like a potential fob if need be. You know, they had a couple of platoons worth of guys and, you know, people with experience and brought real stuff and, you know, kind of a contingent if need be. I'm not, we didn't end up doing anything. But we spent actually almost two months over there right after September 11th. It's almost like a mini deployment, you know, but got back from that jumped into my platoon in January. And then it was, you know, full speed ahead. Like, I mean, I know you were the same way. It's not that you weren't training for war before, but there was definitely a lot of benefits. And then you, you, you to point, you did the, you did the oil rigs, right? I did. So, you know, just kind of, you know, lucky luck of the draw. I guess, you know, we, we were originally slated to be a pay compilatoon. We're going to go to Guam and when we did. But, you know, so I actually re-enlisted to go to Arabic school and at DLI. And that was one of my things I wanted to learn Arabic. And so they, they, they were supposed to honor that. And then we got reslated as a pay compilatoon. And like, now you're going to learn to go like instead of congratulations. It was like, you got to be kidding me. So, did you speak to Galeg? I wouldn't say I speak to you. You're going to, yeah. And not at DLI. They, so they, you know, in true Navy fashion. It's like, you're not going to Arabic. You're not going to DLI. You're learning to Galeg. And it's going to be at North Island for three months straight. Okay. So, it's not the same. Yeah. But, yeah. I mean, I can carry on a basic conversation with it. But so anyway, we go to Guam. This is like October of 02. And, and then, you know, we're, we're, we're going to go to Guam. And then, you know, we did the standard pay comp deployment. But towards the end of the year, they basically, you know, the writing was on the wall. Like our axe going to kick off. So, team five came and backfilled us. And I, I don't know that they could have been any more pissed. Oh, yeah. You know, like our turnover party almost was nine fist fights, you know, like, but they were pretty salty about a child of blame. But, so they had to come take our place and finish out our pay account deployment. So, we could go to Kuwait. Wow. And those guys must have been pissed. There's, there's a feeling that we won't be able to replicate for a long time, which is guys that had never been to war. The desire that you had to go, because you think you're only going to get like one mission. Everyone at that time, you're like, thinking, if you get to do some kind of real mission, you'll be just completely, your life will be complete. And you think if you don't get to do that, you're never, then opportunity is never going to get there. And so that's why I can't even imagine what was going through those guys had to the time. Yeah. I mean, like, so they had that exact just pit and their stomach, like, were this close and you guys, you know, you've already been here. And we, it was kind of the best of both worlds, because, you know, we went to the Philippines for a while, which that was nice speaking to God. Very, very, very, very there for a month. And then we went to Singapore for a while, we, you know, had Thailand. I mean, it was a good good paycom deployment spent some time going on. Went to Hawaii and did like a three week exercise, you know, Christmas, you know, and then, but yeah. So, you know, come late January, they're like, you know, they fly in all of our desert stuff and totally repurpose and all of our, our crap. And then we, yeah, we flew through Thailand, land and Kuwait, set up shop at Kuwait, enabled base for about six weeks. While we're getting ready and, and so during that time, the oil rig, and tell me being the intel rep, like I was sourcing intel from a lot of different sources. And they weren't very well corroborated, like some of them, it was kind of like, on one end of the spectrum. It was like, yeah, it's not that big a deal, and then on the other one it was like, dude, this is a suicide mission, you know, and everything in between. And so, it was a little, a little bit nerve-wracking because it bounced around a lot of it was like, you know, there's, there's nobody on board. And then it's like, well, there's four guys and, you know, that we saw a couple of AKs and next thing, you know, it's like, there's 115 people and they're all suicide vested up and, you know, they're going to clap off when you guys step on, you know, it was just. And it just like, so it bounced around, but during that time, like, all we did was seek UC and, and we built actually a full scale mockup. Now, mind you, this target was 1600 meters long. It took us seven hours to take it down. And, you know, STV did a recon on it beforehand. And when you say, built a full mockup, we meet. I mean, I say that, you know, we didn't have the funds of some of the other units to do that stuff with, but it was basically size wise. We laid out like, like, with tape states. Like we normally would, would states in a and go and twine. Yeah, but just to know, like, hey, this is Legitimally Halberd. I mean, I think it gives you a real idea because, you know, so there's birthing at one end and that's where we hit it at the beginning because it was the middle of the night. That's where they all were. And so we took, took, it's 32 32 prisoners without, without really any, any real issue. It breached a bunch of doors and took down the whole birthing and then swept the whole rest of the thing from one end of the next. And like I said, it took all night. But so yeah, we did that and then came back from that. And then from there, just, it was basically, hey, you know, everybody load up the worst kick and off. And the one thing I will say, it was really neat about that mission though, is that it was the entire team. I think to this day, it's still the largest single in terms of, you know, participants, special operations mission and in a stubby history is because it was the entire team and the coordination effort. Because there was a manifold metering station on the beach. And then there's 26 miles of pipelines that were 48 inch pipes, you know, there was like 30 exon hellbys worth of oil in these just in the pipelines. And the worry was, and the reason we had to coordinate it was that, you know, the manifold metering station. There's people manning that. There's people on the, on the oil rig and all that pipeline. And if they blow that, like, it's going to destroy the whole goal. And we'll be the 48 inch pipes. Yeah, yeah, I mean, you can walk around in them. That's crazy. And there was like four of them, you know, so. But yeah, so basically we had to coordinate with, and we actually had an SDV cartoon with us. So it was us and an SDV one cartoon that hit the, the, the, there's two different oil rigs. The, the Maybot and Kayot and the Mina Albacher oil terminal and then the core ala Maya oil terminal. The Kaybot one or Kayot, you know, the grom guys took down. There was nobody on that. And then we took down the one with, you know, with all the people on it. But we had to coordinate it basically time it exact with the other four of Paltine and the stream team three. One of which was a DP, DP, V, Paltine when they were still used. I think that's probably the mission where they decided to can the program. It's a rhetorical. Yeah, I got stuck in it. There was a, there was a mouse. But, you know, so they, they met some resistance there. Just echo the DPV is like a, um, desert patrol vehicle. It looks like, um, like a doom buggy. And, and they, and actually looks even super cool. And then these buggy. Because they got big, like guns. When you're a kid and you see that thing, it's your ultimate fantasy in life coming true. To see this badass doom bug guns with guns all over it. Rock it on it. And you think, oh, this is, if you would have seen those when you were, you know, 13 years old, you'd say, whoever, however I got to do with my life to drive that thing is what I'm going to do. The problem was their, their real specific and finicky. And they get stuck. Yeah, they get stuck online. It's like, I mean, they're worse than Humbys. Yeah. Yeah. So they, they took that down and, and we, and we timed it basically where, you know, it was a simultaneous hit or staggered by, you know, 10 seconds. But, um, so that, you know, the, the worry was that if we took it down too early, then they would know and, And all the lives and vice versa. So, so yeah, we had to, had to coordinate it pretty, pretty spot on. But, but we pulled it off. Um, they managed to take out a few guys on the, on the manifold side. We didn't have any, any real resistance, no shots fired other than breach indoors on, on our end. But, so we, uh, rendezvous back at, uh, Kuwaiting Naval Base and then we jetted up to, uh, Ali Aacelene, Air Force Base in Northern Kuwait. And then spent the next few days just bloated four Humbys out and, and again, this was the start of the war. So, we actually only had three, and, uh, we ended up, uh, we snaked one from the Air Force. And, uh, I don't even know what I should say, I'm gonna say it anyway. But, uh, there was a green, green Humbys that a couple of our guys walked over to a parking lot and stole it. And, uh, brought it, brought it over and we spent one night literally with two cans of tans, uh, paint and paintbrush, just painted it, Tans and then, uh, these were soft doors. You know, we had extra crappy body armor that we'd hang in the doors to try to give us some protection, whatever. And, uh, yeah, we just were like, well, we're loading up. We did have a guy, there's his first platoon and he was, he kind of lost his, uh, lost his marbles on the, on the hit. Like he was, he was rattled to the point where, you know, he basically gave up and hung it up, didn't come with us, uh, he was a 60 gunner. And, uh, so, yeah, we had to, had an intel guy at the time that was not a team guy that is now, um, that jumped in a spot, basically talking about like old school, like, I know they wouldn't, they wouldn't let that stuff happen. Now it's like, here's, here's a, here's a 60, you know, man up, yeah, sitting in the door and that's cool. That's, that's also interesting, you know, people always, it's one of those kind of myths or, or misconceptions where people think that everyone that's a seal is like, 100% and there you go, you got a guy that did one operation and said, I'm not going any further. I remember, uh, I think there was a couple guys on the west coast that that turned their birds in after 9-11, you know, they're like, I didn't sign up for this, like, what do you sign up for? Yeah, you know, but, um, yeah, I mean, and there was a couple instances too where, uh, you know, you'd, you'd find out things about guys that just like being a buzz instructor. Um, don't ever count anybody out, don't ever bet on anybody else. There's people that are surprised you both ways, you know. Yeah, I always feel like somebody was asking me out the other day, I always feel like you can, you can get an indication, right? Like you go, oh, you know what this guy is pretty hardcore. You know, I'd go, I'd go 80%, you know, maybe 90% and you think, oh, this guy is pretty weak. I'd go 80% 90% but there's, like you said, there's outliers or there's people that you just think, what, what just happened to that guy. Yeah. And it's another thing I'm having to, I'm having to contend with now as I get a little bit older. It is the fact that even though I'm all about human nature and all this stuff and, like, I really want to understand people. Sometimes I just look at him, like, I don't really really don't understand what your problem is. Yeah. Like, why would a big one, so there was a, there was a Navy ship out in front of my house the other day. And, uh, I took a picture of it and I sent it to like, lay from JP and Dave Burke and in Flynn, and I was like, the Navy was good to me, but I don't miss these big, great monsters, right? And lay throw back, you know, he's like, yeah, I mean, that was my motivation going through Buds. There's no way and, and everyone kind of agreed, everyone was like, yeah, there's no way. I was going to quit Buds and go to a ship, which is not exactly, well, if you have the personality where you think you want to go to Buds, then being on a ship is completely the opposite of that personality. So, I don't understand how a guy could be, you know, you get to get to a point where they say, you know what? I don't want to be wet cold anymore, which is really all it is, you know, people get all excited about Seal training, but you're wet and you're cold and you're tired. Okay, that's, that's, that's not that big of a deal. The pamphlet is 10% of the job. Yeah, check. Yeah, so you get some people that, that guess they don't really want to do it. But everybody wants to be a frog man on a sunny day. Yeah. That's, that's another good scene. So, so you guys pushed up into Iraq? Yeah, so we, we rolled up and, and the neat thing at the time was, was Madness was the, she was the, you know, he was the, the boss of one Mar-Div at the time. So we rolled up with the first Marine Division, linked up with the, with the, with the 13th or 15th Mew, and Nazaree, they had taken some, some heavy. Yeah, Nazaree is a big fight. And, and so the, the word that we got, and again, you'd have to talk to, to, to, Harwood and, and Madness, if that's how it went down. But basically we got Madness called Harwood and was like, hey, you know, some of our supply routes and, and Convoys have been getting, it handed to him. And, and some, some routes and Nazaree, you guys go ambush the ambushers and like, Haley, yeah, we will, you know, so, it was like, the wet dream of, of, of what you, what you would think you're getting yourself into combat lies in terms of it was, you know, hey, our conventional guys are getting it taken to him. Here is your, your grid square basically. It's, it's your territory. Let us know what we can do to help you. You guys have added. And, we had some leadership at the time that, uh, was not that crazy about, cutting us off lead, you know, and, uh, so we battled it out with him and came up with some creative ways to go out and work anyway. But, um, but we just, you know, we went out and, and did like old school, you know, conducting our own, everything, you know, we, we gather our own intelligence. We, you know, grabbed a few guys and asked around and, and, you know, did several hits, based on the intelligence that we'd gathered and, and, uh, had air support and it was kind of like a little microcosm of, what was to come, you know, um, it was at the first time you saw dogs in action? Okay. No, it wasn't until after that and, and it wasn't even seeing them. It was hearing about them, which I'll get to in a second, I guess. But, uh, so the Nazareate thing we were there for, for a few weeks, uh, just doing our own, doing our own thing basically. Uh, then we went up to Southern Baghdad, uh, just south of Baghdad and we're there for just a couple of days. And we were in Northern Baghdad. We had a scud base, which was cool. Um, you know, took a scud base down and, and, uh, got, got some pretty neat photos and experiences from that. But, uh, took that a scud base and got cool picks. And they should have accomplished. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, got the t-shirt. Um, so, uh, so after that, then we went up to to create, you know, and, and so this was, you know, again, this was during the conventional phase. So it was kind of, to me, the unique part about that was, was kind of the best of both worlds. And it was like having box seats at a, at a historic combat scene in terms of big, conventional forces moving through, you know, there were, there were lines, you know, everything. Um, and so, you know, I don't, I don't know if you remember the, I think it was a third ID was supposed to come down through Turkey and the last minute. They said, no, you're not doing it. So everything, you know, it was supposed to be meeting like that and, and Baghdad with the, you know, the army and the Marines meeting south to north, squeeze and Baghdad and, and it didn't happen. Um, you know, last minute when they said, no, you can't run through here. So it was just, you know, the Marines moving south to north and, and, so we, there was a couple of times where we'd go ahead of them and scout out some routes and, and got into a little bit of trouble a few times. And then as we're coming up, you know, to create and, and Mosul and, you know, you know, telephar and, you know, some of the Kurd areas up there, they weren't real worried about, to create was kind of the last big one that they were worried about, being a last ang, it was, it was at arms hometown, whatever. So the entire first Marine Division and seal team three echo of the two and took down to create and it was funny because they're like, you know, you know, first first division has the west, you know, seconds got the north, third's got the south and team three echo, but two and you guys were taking these, like, you know, there's 16 of us soft, soft skinned puppies, right? That's not what ever. So we got it. Yeah, we went, we went, skirted, skirted through town while the entire town of, you know, 25,000 Marines were taking down to create, we're sneaking our way up to up to the, the palace and we took the palace down, which is pretty, pretty neat. And stayed there for a little while and then ended up, once we left there, we kind of bounced around, went down, back down to Baghdad and flew out. But, but, so while I was into create, that's where, you know, we had been in scenarios where, the just of it was that there was a group of Marines that had a dog with them. And there was, and one of the way I described in the book was, you know, again, it was hearing, you know, these guys are getting ready. There's a little opening, like, kind of a cave complex style opening in the side of a hill. And they had a single purpose bomb dog with them again from, this is all just what I heard. And there was a grenade booby trap, basically, a clump of grenades just inside the doorway that, that, this dog had alerted on. You know, and for me, that was like the slap in the face, light switch moment of like, why, why do we not have dogs? And I had grown up and I was bird dogs. I got into hog dogs for a number of years after which I'll get into the kind of, what I drew from that. In terms of heart intensity, conditioning, training, nutrition, breeding, theory, stuff like that. But, you know, I'd spent a number of years prior to that dealing with dogs, working with them, training, stuff like that. But, never, you know, this focused and strategic about it calculated. And so for me, it was just from that day on back in March of O3 up until, as I said here, it was just like I couldn't get enough of it. You know, and I had taken a lot of the lessons I learned from training and in breeding and working with dogs in a more informal capacity. And applied a lot of that stuff to what I had had started implementing with the K9 programs and stuff. And so for that first five years, it was just kind of, you know, a student, I mean, I'm still a student. But it was just, you know, training with whoever I could train with, I would import dogs, I would, you know, go to clubs, I'd try to work with police departments. And anybody I could work with, I would do it. I'd read every book I could watch videos, went to seminars, you name it. And then, and then as I transitioned to get ready to get out after I got, you know, I came back was an instructor for a while. I got value fever and lost, you know, 40% of my lungs. And then as I was getting ready to get out, I could either stay in and be a handler on the West Coast or start my own company and, you know, provide dogs training and their courses and make a bigger impact. And for me, that was, I'd say, just kind of breeze through the fact that you got value fever. That's instructor. In last 40% of my lungs. And it kills some people. And that was obviously a huge piece of you saying, because if you would have stayed in, you, you, you weren't allowed to do anything that had any kind of long irritants was the deal. Yeah. So, so this was, you know, I came back and, and went right into being an instructor. I had planned on, you know, forwarding on to bigger and better things operationally. And, you know, it, I was out at Nile and, and I all of a sudden, just like any of us after you shoot a, an AT4 or a goostoff round more than a couple of them in your chest, little tight the next day. I was, you know, the RSO during 55 of a miss shot, you know, and so naturally like, yeah, my chest is tight. That shouldn't be legal, by the way. You know, as we found out, so just to anyone know, a Carl Gustaf or an AT4, but especially a Carl Gustaf, it's the biggest boom. Your shoot in an AT4 millimeter rocket. And if you shoot two of them or three of them in a day, it's, it's like you got punched in the head a bunch. But the promise aren't instructor staff goes out there and they sit there and do, would you say 55 and 55 and one day, that's not healthy bro. Oh, no, that is not healthy. Yeah, and it was one of the things like, well, you're not shooting them, you're just standing there. Yeah, so it doesn't count and it's like, okay, typical military genius, you know, but, so the next day, you know, I expected my chest and lungs and head and everything to be a little sore, the normal, but it got worse. And I got to the point where three or four days after that, it was debilitating. You know, it felt like you were standing on my chest, especially when I laid down, it got worse. And so finally they said, you know, hey, you need to go to Balbo and hit the hit the yarn and see what the hell's going on. And so I went and it took, you know, based on, and I can't blame Balbo, like based on what I told them naturally, they're assuming blast lung, you know, type type of issues, you know, some sort of, you know, explosive type of damage, but it wasn't, you know, what that did is it exacerbated what had already started, which was me having breed then, coccity in my coasts, which is a microscopic fungus that lives in, in air, climates and it spreads through your lungs like mold, where it gets dangerous and kills people is, it's two things. One, your genetic makeup, you pre-disposed to determine, you know, how big of an impact it has. The other one is how much you're exposed to and how long it goes untreated. So I basically, it grows through your lungs like mold and spreads, but if it, if it goes past that, if it disseminates past your lungs, then it goes into your blood and into your organs and your bone, and then ultimately it'll get into your CSF fluid or cerebral spinal fluid and into your spinal cord and go up in your brain, and that's when it kills people. And so it's kind of like in Sephylitis that way. But so mine had, had disseminated past my lungs. There was a couple of hot spots in my chest, in my sternum, in my chest bone, ribs and whatever. And so when they caught it, they prescribed lambassil, which is a tonal fungus medication, but, I'm sorry, a diphyl can. But it's a lot harsher than lambassil's flukonazole. And so the long story short, I was on 28 times the amount that you would be prescribed for a bad case of tonal fungus. And I got down, so here's the irony. I had gotten up to 200 pounds prior to that. And then I got back down, I weighed 140 pounds at the end of it. I was on convalescent leave for eight months. At the time, my chief was Thai woods. You know, from the guy that got rested so let's awesome dude. So I was working for him at the time and he, you know, just couldn't have been better. I mean, he checked on me, came by the house regularly. You know, I mean, I couldn't do anything. Like I slept 20 hours a day. I was like having pneumonia in Mono at the same time, lost a ton of weight. Got down to about 140. Finally, they had gotten the disease under control. And got it to, to, to, to, a recede. But it lays in your bloodstream like malaria does or whatever it lays dormant. So if I got pneumonia, leukemia or HIV or cancer or something that really immunosuppress me, it could come back. And so that's, it's always there. You always have antibodies there. But so at the end of that, the infectious disease captain at Balboa sat me down. He's like, you know, I would recommend a medical retirement for you right now. And he said, if you want to go that round, not saying you have to. But that's what I recommend. And, and, you know, basically, let me know what you want to do. And I was like, man, I, you know, I've got a child on my first child on the way. I've no college degree. I had, I had, I totally caught me off. I've got like, I have no plan, you know. And so I said, you know, how can I stay in? You know, I said, Well, you got to stay away from, from a long year, a tense for a few years, honestly. He's like to make, as good a recovery as you're going to make. You've got to slowly get back into shape and put weight on. You've got to take really good care of your lungs. I mean, stay away from harsh cleaning products, smoke, you know, dust, everything. Which is basically everything you do as a seal. I mean, everything that you do, you're cleaning stuff, your bones stuff up, your set and stuff on fire. Your shooting guns with lead. And it's just, it's a zaster for your lungs. Yeah. And so, you know, really the only potentially logical, you know, choice was to go over to the center as a basic, you know, buzz instructor. And so, bro, the master chief that was working for at the time, you know, can't say enough good things about him. He hooked me up and made a deal with the training master chief. And they sent me over there and I spent, you know, three years there, which, you know, was an amazing experience to. And then I honestly, I've drawn a lot of lessons from being an instructor to both life and to training dogs, which I know we'll get into. But, you know, so it was neat to be behind the curtain there for a little while. And see, see what the wizard saw, so to speak. But, you know, then when I, like I said, as I was there, I started, that's when the West Coast Canine program was was coming up online, 0708 timeframe. And, and I went and did some decoy training with some of their guys up at a vendor. They were using up in central California. And it's almost kind of like a working interview, basically, if hey, is something you want to get involved with. And I was like, yeah, absolutely. And so they, so they, space I was at across roads. They said, you know, if you want to re-emlist, whatever, you know, you can come come be a handler here. You know, or that's it, you know, and I thought about it for a while. And for me, you know, it's one of those folks in the road that there isn't a right answer. You know, I wouldn't be where I'm at today, but I'd be lying to you. If I said, there isn't part of me that wishes I had stayed in. I'd still be in doing deployments as a handler. I'm sure, you know, so. But for me, again, just kind of back to like when I first joined the Navy, I've always looked at it as how can I make a bigger impact. Not what do I want most personally. But what's going to make more of an impact in terms of the industry and helping more people. And to me, I just made sense if I can sell lots of dogs and provide handler training and run courses and source nice dogs to feed the program and all that. And then that makes more sense from a big picture standpoint. Did you ever get connected with any of the Vietnam era dog handlers? I did. A team guy actually. Yeah, like, do you ever hear stories about prints? Oh, yeah. So, prints was like the, I believe was the most successfully used. Dog in Vietnam by the seals. Oh, dog name prints. I heard stories when I first got in about prints and one of the stories that I heard and again, this is a story of it's an oral tradition that's been passed down. But the story was that there was guys that were getting extracted on helicopter and that the all piled it was a hot extract. They all the guys piled into the bird and they've got prints, the dog with them. And the guy says, you know, hey, we're too heavy to take off. Somebody's got to get out and this is the air crewman looks at, you know, looks at the chief and says, hey, we're too heavy to take off. Somebody's got to get out and looks at the guy and looks at prints like get the dog out of here. We got to take off and the story goes that the handler seal handler like put his hand on on the dog and was like, none of us are going anywhere and they had to just crank the engines and you know barely be able to take off, but that was the story that I heard about. And there's pictures of prints, you can see in the archives. So I just wondered if you ever talked to any of the guys that were any of the prints handlers. Not not that I'm aware of. There's there's a guy and and you know, I actually never talked about what his dog's name was. Let me'm sure if it was him, he probably would have told me. But there was I think it was the first Vietnam seal canine handler that I talked to right as my first book came out and sent him a sign copy and and you know, talked to him a little bit as it was coming out, which was for me just it was an awesome experience. You know, like here in this guy talk like it was basically like here's a dog figured out, you know, I mean that's about the just of it. Apparently they had some hard times that they didn't know what they were doing. And they took a couple deployments of before they figured out, okay, and they got the dog prints up to speed and apparently he saved a bunch of guys over time. Yeah, I mean he had some pretty interesting things to say about the program and the efficacy of the dogs back then and yeah, I mean a lot of it was them just kind of working their way through it. And that's the thing that I think most people. There's probably the biggest misrepresentation of canine programs is that it's not a weapon system. You know, where it's like, okay, you're Mark one motto team guy like you'll figure it out like it's a totally different animal no pun intended. It is. I mean like, you know, the podcast she did with with the sacks right when he's talking about horses takes 10 years. That's that way with dogs really is. I mean because it's it's a totally different deal. It takes years to get truly, you know, I would say to be able to master, you know, what it takes to implement a dog program. It's it's akin to flipping on another detachment, you know, we're saying hey, we're going to create a female special forces, you know, like it's going to take a long time before that that's up and running in dog programs are very similar that way. So it's hard enough when you've got training cadre resources, you know, budgeting, building all that stuff in your favorite still takes several years, you know, to just say here's a dog figured out like, Matt, that's a tough pill this while. Those guys did it, you know, just like any of us would, you know, well, figure out. Well, all right, let's let's, let's get into the book a little bit because I think that'll just guide us because I had a great time reading this book as you know, I have a dog as well, which is the endwriter. Yeah, but the book that I decided to go with, you got three books out obviously that the seal team dog is a book more it's a what they call in the in the literary industry, it's a YA book for young adults, right? That's what it is. Yeah, it's actually Navy seal dogs is the young adult adaptation of trying to get on with it. So it's the same same same book. So don't buy that one if you're adult don't get both of them. But then this book team dog, how to turn your dog in Navy seal way and what the reason and he, it seems like, it seems like you got here today, you're like, you know, I just got listening to the last podcast with Disacks and there's so many parallels you'd be surprised. I was like, are we going to talk about that? I'm like, of course we are because there's so many parallels between how you lead a dog and how you lead a human as awful as that might sound. It's absolutely true. So I'm going to go to the book here. Selecting is crucial. I can't emphasize this place and point enough. In most cases when I've been asked to intervene in problem dog situations, what I instantly see as a Mitch Matt, Miss Match, such as either a slightly built person or an elderly couple who have a 75 pound high energy dog who they can't walk without being dragged along. Those people are physically incapable of exerting enough force to stop that dog from moving a necessary first step in getting a dog to walk properly on a leash. That's just one example of how better selection could have resulted in a better relationship. And again, that's a real obvious one. That's one of the easiest ones to understand. Oh, I'm a small old woman and I can't get a hundred pound dog to drag me around. There's a lot of other characters, except a way more nuanced, for instance, a dog that is super high energy and you're a working person that's busy all the time. You got to work on your home and you're going to have that dog nipping at you all the time. Play with me, play with me, play with me. That's not going to be a good match. That's not going to be a good match at all. And you see, well, you were quote in some of the quotes about, I mean, tell me a little bit about dog ownership in America right now, because I think a lot of it selection has a lot to do with where we end up with problems. So there's two things really. I mean, dog ownership as a whole is it's a goat rope, honestly, and that's where this book stems from that's where my team dog online training program stems from. And frankly, the campaign that I'm about to launch that is in essence the crux of the problem with with dog ownership in this country is that it's it's mismatched poor selection and most importantly, it's just an inability to communicate properly with the dog. And what that stems from is very simply is that dogs minds that if you think about it from from the most basic standpoint you can is that you know, you know, we're having this conversation verbally, right, you dream in a language, we're talking language, you think in a language, we communicate overwhelmingly verbally. Now, when you think about about dogs, is that just something as simple as you and I meeting, if if I come over and I shake your hand, we smile and not, you know, touch your shoulder, whatever walk away, somebody can see that from across the parking lot and no, yeah, it was a corzal, corzal greeting. And I stand up next to each other and we're looking each other like this and doing this kind of stuff and size each other up and turn around again from across the parking lot, you know, those two dudes are about to brawl. Now, if it's that easy for us as human beings who are overwhelmingly verbal and how we communicate to pick that thing up. Imagine a dog who's never thought in a language who doesn't dream in a language doesn't communicate in a language, now think about how important body language and non verbal communication skills are it's everything to a dog. And so their mind is an algorithm. It works like a calculator. It doesn't work like like our minds and that's the biggest single crucial element where people make the mistakes is they anthropomorphize and they attach all these human associations, emotions, logic and reasoning to a dog's brain and it doesn't work that way, you know, the the A plus B equals C, you know, the scientific jargon is anti-cedent plus behavior equals consequence, but just think of it like a calculator is that. Grabbing the leash plus putting it on, you know, grabbing the leash A plus putting it on B equals we go for a walk C. When A plus B is paired enough times to our dog anticipates C that's when you have problems. How many people have you seen, you know, the have a dog that they grab the leash and he's just, you know, spinning around the moon and they can't even get a leash on and they take them for a walk a little on and settle down. That's why. Because every single time you've paired A plus B it's equal to C and now he's anticipating when A and he's anticipating C when A and B or present. So something as simple as breaking that context gets rid of that. You know, a lot of people, let's put a prong collar on let's put an e-coil it's neum in the ribs. Let's manhandle them all these things. All you have to do is break that context, you know, and it's really that simple is whether you're trying to build it or whether you're trying to break it the process is the exact same. You're either going to make A plus B equals C enough times to where you want them to anticipate it or if C is something you don't want anticipated you're going to make A plus B not equal it. So with the leash example, it's I go grab the leash, I click it, I wrap it around my waist, I go sit out on the couch with it. Now the dog's looking at you like his mind's blown he's like what the hell is going on we're supposed to be walking right now and then I get up I put it back and I go sit down and go about my day. You do that enough times and now when you grab the leash doesn't mean anything to them. So just as one simple example, if you think about all of these different behaviors that we as human beings inadvertently create in the animal that that is why it's a it's a a lack of that understanding that their mind just works differently than ours. As soon as you understand that coupled with presence you know I know you have to speak about this and your business leadership conferences and how you carry yourself how you interact with people is huge you know and if it's again if it's that big with people I mean you know you're the type of guy that you know you walk into a room people like this dudes run and run in the show right a lot of people you know that we've worked with or worked for our like that just command respect by the way they care themselves by the way they walk in. And if it's again if it's that effective just with us as human beings who aren't driven that way primarily now imagine a dog like I do exercise of dogs all the times where I don't say a word to them. The first time I've ever seen a dog I'll put up a three foot leash on them in a room with basically nothing in it and this is a dog that you know they've had all these problems with it's a nine month old crazy high energy dog. I did it just the other day actually on the trip I was on before this. This training facilities have in trouble with this dog and I wanted to go to use in some some compulsion methods and some some prong collar and you call our stuff to get the dog under control I said let me let me mess them for a minute so I. I connect the leash to him I walk around with him and I just you know talking on the leash and feeling him you know getting a feel for his personality but. You know if you think of it like a like a bumper or a buffer is that you're you're the buffer between that dog his mind and and the stimuli and everything that that goes between it you're almost the gatekeeper. When you you have to get inside that dog's mind and be able to reach it first you know which which means I have to mirror what I want out of the dog if if he's a spaz I can't treat him like a spaz I can't spaz out and yank him and yell at him and get all all up in his grill about it. I need to throw out all it down and and be a mirror or a representation of physical representation of what I want out of him and so it got to the point where. I mean I think I'm going to move and he had not done that before and it's not it's not anything crazy magic wizard stuff it it's just it's a basic understanding of canine psychology operant conditioning in the forecladrants but but most importantly it's. I think that's the basic interpretation aspect that that with dogs is just imperative. I think that's a very important thing to do is to get out of the dog while back and you're like look you could have a great dog that's a month you could have a great dog that's a pure bread whatever you name it you could have a horrible dog that's a mutt and you can have a horrible dog that's a pure bread whatever you want to name it whatever that breed is. I think that's the breed that you get obviously you got to look at how big it's going to be and what kind of temperament but the temperament thing how. I would say that there's there's basically two categories there's the working varieties and the non working varieties when it comes to non working varieties in other words. I think that's the basic understanding of the breed really is what do you like what what does it look like and what do you like it's purely aesthetic or almost that way. The man was Shepherd's tattoos, kung dogs, tarry or types, rat terrors, paterials whatever any type of dog that's bread purposefully. Now it is a different ballgame now I would say that most mowing laws as an example. work and he'd be a great working dog, not necessarily. You know, it could be nervous energy, it could be anxiousness, could be thin and environmental nerves, there's a lot of different reasons. But back to your question is that from a selection standpoint, you know, if you're talking about any breed that you're just getting that's an AKC dog or or even a shelter dog or whatever, that's not bred from three, four or five generations of lineage that's been selected because it brings certain working traits to the table. It's a good dog is where you find it. You know, it really is. I mean, it's what are the parents like if it's out of a shelter, just go evaluate the dog with the same tips that I gave you. You've honestly, and I do that, I don't care where the dogs come from. It could be the best bred dog from the the most pipe hitterish parents I've ever come across. I'm still going to evaluate that dog with with zero kennel blindedness with no bias whatsoever. I don't care if it's a friend of mine. I don't care if it's puppies, I raise. I wash out puppies that I breed and raise all the time. Because they're just not what I need. And that's from a selection standpoint to tie in the seal teams and having been an instructor. The reason I think that not I think the reason that the caliber of individual that shows up at a seal team is is so high is because Buds is such a tough selection process. Yes. I asked a good day like people asked me, what did you learn how to deal with stress? Did you learn in Buds? And I'm like, no, you don't actually learn that. You just say, if you can't, you go away. There's not a class where they say, okay, when you start feeling stressed, here's what you do. When you start feeling like you can't go any further, we want you to repeat this mantra. No, no, they don't do that. They just put you in crappy situations. And if you want to quit, you quit. There's no education. I think the only education exists is you learn who you are. Yeah, that's a good point. But no one teaches you. No. I mean, it's the, I guess I guess the environment is what teaches you that. Another good thing you wrote in here. You just talked about a little bit. Dogs are meant to be active and are happiest when they're doing something. And the reason I highlighted that was because it's the same thing with people. To the same thing I've been talking about with Joe Rogan, the same thing I've been talking about with Jordan Peterson. You know, with Joe Rogan, we're saying that, you know, you need some kind of a struggle to make you feel like you're accomplishing something with Jordan Peterson. You know, we talk about how if you take up the burden of responsibility, that's what gives you a purpose. And so for dogs, if you're just going to let your dog run around do it every once, well, he's not really going to be happy. Is that the point? It is. And here's, I would say, a classic example of us as humans, anthropomorphizing certain elements to dogs. By that, I mean that we look at it as a job, as purpose. Right? Again, this is my opinion. I'm not a world-round, canine psychologists, but I play one on TV. But, you know, the fact is, is that, you know, dogs, I don't think have that depth of understanding of purpose. They have what I would classify it as, you know, like a five year old, is they have a need to be stimulated. Physically, mentally, emotionally, socially, nutritionally, everything, just like we as human beings. And where you see problems. And I see it all the time with my online dog training, is that, you know, when people first start out, it's kind of a re-education of sorts of, of saying, you know, number one, you got to put yourself in the dog shoes, and I'm going to help you doing it by structuring these monthly lessons so that they're cumulative so that you can understand and watch your dog transform and learn from it. But what it is is that it's making an understanding, it's just like with people, is that, you know, that dog needs to have physical exercise as part of his daily regimen. He needs to have routine so that he can count on you and depend on you for providing the resources that necessitates his life. He's got to have mental stimulation just like we do. I mean, you can do nothing but work out. But think about the difference between a gym workout and a jujitsu roll in terms of what it does for your mind. Like it's night and day difference. And so you can't just go make your dog blow his physical lot every day playing ball. Like you've got to make his mind work. And that's where using a clicker to reinforce and shape behaviors comes into play because now they have to think. They have to figure things out. And it is, it's mentally exhausting or at a minimum stimulating and they require that. Same with food, same with sunlight, you know, is that if imagine you sit in here, you know, 23 hours a day or you don't go outside, you don't roll, you eat beef jerky and can goods and McDonald's, you know, do that week after week after week, where are you going to be, you know, across the board physically mentally health-wise immune system, everything is going to be garbage. And so what happens is a lot of these people, they think they're spoiling their dog. I don't know when that became a positive thing. But, you know, they think that, you know, by not making them do things, not teaching them things, not enforcing things, not having a routine in which that dog can depend on, not stimulating as mine, not making sure that he's physically active and keeping him in good shape that those are all benefits and they're not the detriment. You know, need this to say this applies directly to your kids and how you raise your kid. Just everything you just rattled off is basically how you end up with spoiled kids that are lazy and unproductive in their lives. 100%. And by the way, lazy, unproductive and unhappy because they're not going to be happy when they're a loser sitting around playing video games, you know, 23 hours a day covered in cheeto dust. That's my favorite. You know, one of the things that I think that is really interesting to me of how dog training kind of relates to life is that it's, it's like a, a petri dish or almost a microcosm of life is that no different than whether it's business, relationship, goals, leadership, a coach with his athletes, a teacher with students of parent with their kids, you name it, you know, a general with his troops is that you have to have an objective. You got to know, how do I want my dog, you know, what does a finished dog look like? You got to know in your mind, what is that? Just like if you want to be a black belt in your jutsu, you want to own a $10 million company, whatever it is, if you don't know where you want to go, you're not going to steer it anywhere, you're going to be floating around. So you got to know that first, then you got to be honest with yourself in terms of doing an evaluation. Where am I? Okay, now I know where I want to be, I know where I'm at, now it's formulating a plan and then you schedule it and execute it, just like every other aspect of your life. There is honestly no difference. The neat thing about dog training is that, you know, you can go through that process, dozens of times, you know, as a dog trainer, especially, but even if you just have a dog, that that, it's a condensed process that's, that's, in a such a controlled environment, you see the cause and effect, you see that the criteria driven algorithmic process that exists in all of life, but it plays out and you're, you're manipulating it, you're controlling it, you're, you're directly influencing every aspect of it. And so I've learned more about people by training dogs and I would have ever imagined. You know, I mean, it's, it's, it's mind numbing almost how much you can, you can learn from training dogs and how to interact with people based on, on all that, you know, it's, it's pretty, pretty fascinating, I think. Yeah, no, there's no doubt I, I got that all out of this book too. Going on to what you talked about a little bit, but just to clarify what you specifically wrote in the book here, you talk about meeting a dog before we get into the specifics of that process. I want to take a moment to turn this discussion around again and focus on you and not the dog. If a dog is looking for someone to take charge and exert authority over him in order to not burden him with that responsibility, then you need to carry yourself a certain way. I go back to something I said in the introduction about wanting to be respected over being liked. Think about the kinds of introductions and greetings you've had with people and a variety of ways in which they've interacted with you. How would you respond if you met someone for the first time and they rushed up to you, hugged you, topped, hustled your hair, jumped up and down and generally acted like you were the greatest person on the face of the earth. And you think that person's assessment of you was valid, would you like that kind of physical contact? Would you think that this was a great starting point for a long-term relationship? Would you have respect for that person? And then you get to this point where you say, what kind of dog is going to be attracted to that kind of greeting and that message? And the answer is a needy dog. That's an incredible point. Do you really want, let's say you're hiring an employee. And the employee you can tell just needs a lot of encouragement, even though they're all fired up, but the more you fire them up, the more fired up they get. Well, this is at the person you really want to have. That's going to take you there to emotionally prod them along to get them where you want to go. The answer is obviously no. Yeah, you know, one of the most common kind of scenario analogies that I throw at people when, because I do a lot of speaking and events and conferences and whatever. And you know, one of the almost always offline people like, oh my dog, I need to send them to him like, that's not going to fix it. No different than you send me your kids. They're going to work well for me. And I can work well for you because you're not doing it. But think of it from a perspective, from a boardroom is that when they say, my dog doesn't respect me. There's two things. There's a big difference between respecting and enjoying or liking. So the first example I use is the being out of bar. And I'll say the heavy details. The just of it is that if the opposite sex is throwing themselves at you, do you like that? Well, yeah, do you enjoy it? Absolutely. Do you respect that person? No. You know, so you can spoil your dog. You can let him sleep. I let him sleep in my bed. I take him for walks. I give him treats. I take him to acupuncture and he just doesn't listen to me. I got wet your kids don't either. And then that's why because it's the 19 year old at the bar that's trying to flatter you. It doesn't, it's enjoyable, but it doesn't, doesn't garden or respect. The second thing on a more serious note is think of a boardroom and I use this because I talk with a lot of business folks and things at different events. And let's say that you're tasked with going in front of the 12 executives of the company you work for. And your boss says, hey, you're going to give a PowerPoint presentation and your job depends on this. If you knock it out of the park, you're getting a promotion, you're going to be an executive. If it doesn't go that well, well, you're going to pack your stuff and find employment elsewhere. Now I want you to think about how you go into that boardroom, right? And I want you to think about visualizing your mind, interacting with those 12 executives, the way that you interact with your dog. How would that, how would that presentation go? You know, every one of them might get laughed out of the room. That's why your dog doesn't listen to you. Because you can tell your dog that you're his owner, all you want, you have to show him that. If he doesn't believe you because you haven't shown him that guess what, you're not. You can think about it. You can wish that you were. You can hope that you were. The fact is that your dog is going to believe who you show him that you are. And if that's a clown, guess what? He thinks you're a clown. If you're in emotionally unstable, you know, J.A. That's how he's going to view you. If you're a beta male because you're rolling around and letting him, you know, do whatever he wants to you that he's going to view you as such, you know, and the most dangerous combination. Because a lot of times, you hear the word dominance get thrown around, alpha of all the other stuff. I can tell you I can count on one hand. The amount of dogs that I've come across that were truly what I would consider an alpha dog. And this is a dog that even with all my experience, all of the manipulations I can provide in terms of setting the environment up to make it so that I'll, you know, impact him that way. He still wants to fight me over everything no matter what I do and I can't get in his head no matter how hard I try no matter what I do physically mentally, environmental manipulation you name it, less than five. What is that a thousand of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of dogs less than five that actually need to be the alpha male over you with everything that you know, how to do to get there. Yeah, that no matter what you do with them, that they still look at at everybody like you're below me that the handful of them, you know less than the handful of them. And so when I hear especially pet owners, like, oh, he's really alpha, he's really protected and no he's not. What it is, you're just a power vacuum. Yeah, and so, you know, dogs again, they don't rationalize, they don't have the logic and reasoning we have. They become hardwired with a set of genetically inherited traits that say if there is no nothing in charge, if there is a vacuum, whether I want to do it or not I'm going to because somebody has to. And so when you see all of these dogs that are dangerous and guarding of food and territorial and all this other stuff, you have a dog that doesn't want to be in charge, but is taking that role because nobody else will and that is a absolute recipe for disaster and that's why you see so many problems with dogs and their owners is because of that simple fact in and of itself. Yeah, you talk it, you know, again, we're talking about all these similarities. Here's the thing you got in the book. Surging that kind of over the top display of affection is the complete opposite of how you should present yourself to an unfamiliar, your puppy dog. You are the one who is making the decision. You are the one in charge and how you carry yourself into the situation and what signals your body language sends are something that any dog will recognize and decode immediately. Do you want to concede the position of power in that relationship immediately? Absolutely not. And again, this is the same thing as a leader. Now, this doesn't mean, and you point the sound. The book doesn't mean that you dominate. This doesn't mean that you come in and you're overly aggressive and I talk about that all time with being a leader. This doesn't mean that you come in and you're barking orders at people because that doesn't work either. So you got to find that balance just like you do with with humans. Sure. There's a couple of things with that. Again, with dogs, especially because it's so simplified, you know, that that element is reduced to a very primal nature. So when you have a dog that truly is dominant, if you display that guess what, you're getting in a fight. If you have a dog that's not that way and you display that, what happens the dog is scared. When the dog is scared, if you know different than if you have a child that's, you know, the third grade level, you know, when they walk into a classroom or they're sitting in the classroom in the teacher walks in and they blow their anal glands, you know, because they're getting ready to get whipped with rulers and, you know, electrocuted or God knows what else. They're not going to learn anything. On the transverse, if when you walk in, they're throwing spit wards and playing tag and ignore you entirely, they're not going to learn anything. They're either. So just like in all walks of life, there's balance. But what it is, it's exactly that. It's maintaining a level of emotional stability, a calm demeanor and arrested, but calculated mind in terms of how you interact with that animal. And it's really, it's not hard at all. There's two videos that I, in my online thing, called Be the Man. Be the Man Part 1 and Be the Man Part 2, where I do exactly that. I don't say really a word in essence to the two different dogs, both very strong, very dominant dogs, that they're, you know, they're a level of prey drive for a toy, a ball, a tug, what have you, is such that if I have it, they just, you know, they start shaking and barking and bouncing and they'll try to take it from even though they're both personal dogs in mind in the past, their drive is so overblown and overdriven that it overrides everything, common sense wise and you actually can't use that to train them because it's so overdriven. But so some people are all excited about prey drive, but you can have too much prey drive if you're not balanced. I would say that it's, to me, I would say no, there's no such thing in my opinion for the dogs I work with, I would say there's no such thing as too much. There is too much to do certain types of training, whether I'm trying to teach obedience, focus, stuff like that, no, I won't use balls and toys like that because it is too much, I'll use food or body language. Now when it comes to controlling impulse and things like that, yeah, absolutely, but it's after I've done enough repetitions to where it transfers from being a decision to a reaction, no different. But you can end up with a dog that his prey drive is so high that you can't take him to the park and trust that he's going to, or can you train it out of it? Well, you can control it. You can cap that drive by reinforcing it. So think of it this way. And this is the more drive and lack of impulse control that dogs have, the more energy, et cetera, all the things that typically wine dogs up in shelters, all of those components are something that can absolutely be controlled. But the thing to remember is that think about the first fist fight you were ever in, or even if it happens now, think about where your mind is at, it's at a very elevated state. Just like when you see an amateur fighter, the first couple of fights, like, you know, just running in for the fences, they blow their wa, they, you know, whereas you see a guy that's calculated that's been doing it a while. He knows how to control that. That's, that's what, in essence, what you're teaching the dog, but you have to do it. They can't rationalize that. The way you do it is the exact same though, is that you're putting him through so many repetitions, no different than think about the very first time you were on your primary and you pull the trigger and nothing happened. You had to think, okay, I'm going to put it down. It's trigger control and you're doing all the things in your head. At a certain point, that becomes a reaction. And that becomes a reaction than your trained. Same thing with the dog, is that you've got to do those repetitions using things to reinforce it. If the dog is in that state of mind, the key component is you got to do it when they're not in that state of mind. To be able to control them when they're in that state of mind, you have to build that foundation first. Just, you know, you can't, you can't teach a fighter how to be composed by doing real real matches. That comes in training. And so the, the parallel, again, is, is exact. You've got to use a classroom. What I do, I use a 40 by 40 classroom, where I use a clicker food, treats, affection, body language, and I teach and shape all these behaviors that I'm trying to teach. And tell it becomes a reaction. And then I just slowly start to introduce distractions and graduate them K through 12 until they're, until they're doctors, you know, of going out. And, and some of the videos I have of some of the dogs I've worked with, you know, and one of them is a black German shepherd actually just sold them to a big Metroplex SWAT team. But I could take him through Walmart, off leash. I could take him to parks where kids are playing soccer around him. And this is a dog that even if I have a ball, he'll bite through my hand to get to it. And I could get to where without using any punishment, without using any compulsion, just by doing shaping and reinforcing and using, you know, that A plus B, you'll see over and over until it became a condition response. And now the dog works on autopilot. But it's like your name. You know, when somebody says, Jaco, you don't have to think about responding. You've heard it enough times to read me do that, you know, same exact print, print, principle. What's up with resource regarding? Usually what it stems from is, is again, an inadvertent creative, created behavior. Kids messing with them, taking food from them. A lot of times, you know, C.P., I want to be able to take food. I don't mess with the dogs when they eat. Now, I need to be able to bump them, walk by. I'm take it from them if I have to. But it's, it's when a dog has really high drive for something and you compete for that over and over and over, you're building a bit, a thing of it like a barrier in the dog's mind. And you've got a, your goal is to kind of hit the refresh button on the computer screen in that dog's mind. And so, you know, what I'll do like a dog has real heavy resource guarding with food, as an example, is that now I'll feed that dog his entire ration of food from my hand throughout the day training. So now it's not me setting a bowl of food down. And now you're going to guard it and get crappy with me. It's, you know, when you do what I want, then you're going to, I'm going to market and reward it. You're getting it from my hand and it just breaks that context. Why it open and now it doesn't become a thing. In the police dog realm, one of the, one of the most common examples of, of that behavior misfiring is, is outing. When we're doing bite work in that dog, is in that crazy elevated state of mind. And he's, and he's overlapping prey and defensive drive and you're transferring back and forth. And then he's at now you say, okay, let go. Just like the first time you got into fight, like, you know, one of your buddies taps on the shoulder, hey, stop fighting, like, you don't hear that. So to reach that dog's mind when they're in that elevated state, it all boils down to you got to enter in their mind first to communicate. But is it when they're in that elevated state of mind? What usually happens is they use an e-callar, a prong collar, they grab their, the dog's flat collar, the roll it twist it, just like a D.A.T. and choke and lift them off. All that does is create conflict between the handler and dog and, and it builds and creates possession over objects. So with a ball, you see it all the time, people, my dog won't give me the ball. How do I get it from? What are you doing? And you're watching me's chasing the guy, you're chasing the dog around with the ball. How do I get him to let go of the ball? Get another ball. Make your ball sexier than the ball that he has, the second he drops that you market and throw the new ball. Just like that, now that dog will spit it out for you with no conflict, with no problems, so ever, but it's that way where everything gets with food, it's with toys, it's with you name. We talk a lot about indifference in here as sort of a, it's like a base sort of reaction to a lot of stuff. And I notice that with my dog, if I want my dog to drop a ball, if I just ignore him for for for five seconds, the ball drops out and then he looks at me because he knows it's like, okay, can you pay some attention? Because I want your fill this thing again, boom, bend down, grab the ball throw it again. He comes back, he wants to, he wants to fight for it. But if I ignore him, just look away for three seconds, ball gets dropped, bend down, take it. Yeah, I mean, it's the same bar room psychology, you know, orange pan attention to me. But you know, to bring it back to the dog aspect is that, you know, if think about it from more of a almost a primal nature, think about kids when you watch kids, what's a very natural when you bring several kids together, what do they do naturally? They chase each other. It's a natural function in animals on the planet. Dogs are no different. So if they have something, it's a game as much as anything. But you can you can turn it into something more serious as the dog gets older and they become more possessive and driven because you've built those barriers in their mind. But in terms of the indifference piece, 100%, one of the first things I do with the word dog foundation, the nonprofit that I have that we retire, you know, former spec ops dogs and police dogs and contract working dogs and all sorts of different dogs. But the very first thing I do with all those dogs is that I have a pouch of food. I have a clicker. And the clicker, just for those of you that, you know, to understand what I'm talking about, just a little mechanical advice, it has a button on it, you push it and it just makes a very mechanical sound that's unique, that pairs whatever the behavior is with a reward. It's a bridging of stimulus. So just think about it like taking a picture. You know, you're letting the dog know that the instant of what's taking place right this second is correct and a reward is attached to that. But anyway, so I let him out of the gate. Now we've got a two and a half acre training field around my kennel facility and so it's just me in the dog walking around with a pouch for the food and a clicker and I completely ignore him. And I purposely walk away from him. And anytime that dog comes over to me, I market reward it, turn around and walk away from him again. And I'll do that for five to ten minutes, three, four times a day for a few days. And I mean, we've taken in over 80 dogs over the last eight years, seven and a half, eight years. And to this day, there's not been a dog yet where that has not worked. And I've done it with a lot of other dogs too. But is that even if they hate people, they're defensive aggressive, they're environmentally rattled. The PTSD issues, what have you? Is that that that element of you getting paid and in me shaping certain behaviors works on all of them. But it works the same way with people. You know, that's one of the things in terms of something like the leadership stuff that you do is that is that operant condition at positive reinforcement, you know, that the four quadrants. While, yes, I work primarily in the positive reinforcement, around my do use positive punishment, I use negative reinforcement, negative punishment. But for the layman, think of it from, you know, if your spouse is out of town and you spend the weekend cleaning the entire house, right? It's spotless. You know, kids are all in check. You know, the old lady comes home and the house is spotless. The very first thing that she recognizes is that the one thing you didn't do was take the trash out. And that's the first thing she's like, you didn't take the trash out. Like, I guess I'll have to do that, you know, that like that's her response. How likely are you to clean the house ever again? Very not likely. Oh, I agree. Whereas, you know, on the transverse, if, you know, she grabs a hold of you and whatever, you know, or gives you some positive reinforcement. Give you some positive reinforcement, reinforcement, maybe in another room. Then, you know, that speaks for itself. You know, so it's that same element. It's called me Mr. Clean around here. Not the big your head. Yeah, you'll be cleaning the house every weekend, you know, so it's just, it's a very simple element of, you know, one of the analogies you could use to is it's a difference between slave labor and a job with great benefits. You know, at the end of the day, a task is being performed. But one, you know, the level of drive motivation, satisfaction, happiness on one and there are two, you know, 180 degree bipolar or disparate opposites. So, you know, it's just, it's just basic reinforcement. But if you look at everything a dog does in that regard, and that, you know, every time that they do something that you want, it gets marked and reinforced every time that you, they do something you don't want to get extinguished and or corrected, it's very black and white. Another quick example is a toys in the house. You know, like, my dog's chewing this up, chewing that up. Do you keep toys in the house? We guys got conks and other ball and stuff. My, my rule of thumb and my advice to everybody is, uh, make it black and white in the dogs. Mine again. He doesn't know the difference between a tennis shoe, a stuffed animal, a conk to it. It's all crap. It's laying around your floor. Uh, you know, can you make them distinguish things? Yeah, but let's not put the cart before the horse, like, teach him to respect what you say first. And so, you doesn't get to play with anything in the house. If he knows that nothing gets in his mouth inside the house other than what I hand him, then it's really easy to teach him. Don't chew on stuff. Uh, it's outside. It's in a crate. It's in a kennel. That's when I would give you things to play with the chew with the tug with whatever and build that engagement, work on the bond and relationship, whatever. But you have an in here. When I see so-called problem dogs, the problem stems from an imbalance of power and relationship and out from the dog. So that's, that's like the root that you see all the time. The person's weak, we are pretty much already talked about that. And it's the same thing you see a lot with leadership where you've got a, someone that's that there's an imbalance of power. And, and, but where it gets more complicated with humans is humans then do their own kind of self-correct. And a lot of times they over-correct, they under-correct. You know, if they're being too, if they're being too micro-managing, then they go all the way to the other side of, of, of, to a laz fair and now people don't know what to do. Or if they're being too lazy fair, then they go straight to level 12 micro-management. And again, it's just, it's just a personality thing or a mistake that they're making. And it imbalances the, the relationship that we have with you because it's like, well, yeah, I want you to tell me something to do. I want you to give me some guidance. I just don't want nothing. Yeah. And people lose that. Um, here's another one. It's important to establish your authority over a dog, dogs want need and seek that kind of presence in their lives. You just hammer this over and over again. It's easy in some respects to get a dog to fear you, but it can be equally easy to get a dog to respect you. Just as true with human relationships, a dog will have more respect for you if you make it clear that good behavior gets rewarded and poor behavior has consequences. You may have noticed I have not used the word like or love up into this point in describing the human canine relationship. That is not an accidental omission. I've purposely not used those words because too far often, I encounter people who's immediate response to a dog to try and get the animal to like them. And doing so, they make fools of themselves and dog guys, possibly put themselves in danger because they assume that they know that how they treat their dog is okay with a different dog and mistakenly believe that because of all the nice things they do for their pet, their dog should obey their wishes and desires unconditionally. If you take one concept away from this, from this beginning part of the book, it's this, don't mistake liking for respect and don't mistake obedience for trust. We could be talking about human beings right there. Clearly. Especially kids. Absolutely kids. And employees, yeah, because it's not a popularity contest. And that's where so many parents and administrators or coaches or supervisors, etc. Go while they're wrong is worrying what somebody thinks about them. Again, I mean, it's to draw back to the microcosm of the dog training process, is that what's the end goal? Getting your kids or your employees or whatever it is to think your cool isn't part of the process. You know, it has no relevance. Well, I mean, it has no productivity. And what's interesting, a life-life used to run the Jocce course, the Junior Officer Training course, which is the guys that the young officers coming out of Buds. And there was an officer, this is the other end of the spectrum. There's an officer that would come into talk and eventually, they've had it like back the guy tactically out of the schedule, because he would say, if you're an officer and your men like you, you're doing a bad job, that's not what we're talking about here. You know, it's not that you don't. It's not that you want your dog to aggressively hate you and you don't want your employees to think this guy doesn't care about me. In fact, I talked about this a little while ago. Like the more you care about your people, the more they'll care about you, the better performance they deliver. Right? If they don't think you care about them, whether they're not going to deliver any kind of performance, other than the absolute minimum that's required. Yeah. And from the dog perspective, that's where there is a little bit of a difference in that with dogs, it's about engagement. One of the examples I use is how many times have you been to a park? And you see there's an it's usually dads, but there's a dad sitting on the bench on his phone and his kids are swinging and playing tag whatever and he's oblivious. Like they could get kidnapped and they wouldn't know any better. Unfortunately, whereas that dad that's pushing him that's playing tag chasing him around, grab ass and with them all that kind of stuff. Now, when he goes back, hey honey, what'd you do? I took the kids to the park, but those are two desperately different experiences. Now, think about from the perception of where the kids are at the difference. Like it's night and day. Same thing with a dog, you know, and that's one of the things I'm so adamantly against dog parks, dog parks are the iPads to dogs, what iPads are to kids. You can't have a substitute for that engagement with them. You can't outsource your relationship. And that happens way too often. Again, whether it's with kids, with dogs, whatever. There is an element of just like with anything is that there's training franchises that I'm actually playing on launch and here later this year to help with that process, but it is it's an augment. There is no substitute for what you have with your dog, with your spouse, with your children, whatever. There's nobody that's going to be able to make that work for you if you don't want it. Just like something comes in, make me a good, good you, Jitsu artist. Like, well, you've got to want it first. Like, you've got to be willing to put the time in. Yeah. And with dogs, it's no different. To that point, here's back to the book. the bottom line is that if your dog isn't doing what he is supposed to or what you want him to, it's not the dog's fault. It's your fault. It's your fault for not spending the time needed to train him properly or not being a observant enough to recognize early on, when and how your relationship may be out of balance. Many people are too lazy to achieve the results they want. If having a spectacular relationship with your dog, we're super easy. Everyone would have that and I wouldn't be running this book right now. One common excuse to hear all the time is I don't have time. Well, I can assure you you do have the time. What you don't have is your priorities in the order they need to be to have a great relationship with your dog. This is a little bit of extreme ownership for your dog and it's something we say all the time. Your team's not doing a good job. Who's fault is it? It's your fault. You're the boss. That's who's faulted us. What I would hope is that the people that read that, that you can take that self-evaluation seriously. Again, when I read extreme ownership, it's textbook. It's the same exact principles. If you're the one in charge, guess what? If it's not going well, it doesn't work down. It's not trickle down responsibility. It goes straight to the top and that's something I'm at, but adamant about with my employees is that if you don't understand, if you screw up within reason, it's generally going to be my fault. If you don't understand what you're supposed to do or something happen that you weren't prepared for or whatever, then ultimately it's my bad. Whether it's me putting the wrong person in the position to experience that or me not giving you the guidance prior to putting you in that experience to be able to deal with it. Because with dogs, it's dynamic. You know, just like in the workplace, training people to work with some of these dogs that we get in, it's no circus. It is a circus, but it's no joke. It can be a circus, but it's the same type of stuff. You talk about building relationships here, going back to the book, working, or in my training of working dogs, I still put myself in the dogs position and understand that it was important to establish a positive rapport with that animal before I begin making too many demands on it. So this is the crux really of where I wouldn't say, nothing that's in this book or anything that I subscribe to is not anything new. People have domesticated animals for thousands of years. What I will say is that I generally don't find people spending as much time on that simple component as much as I do. This is where I draw from my time with a hard driven dominant working dogs that are biting people when you get in a bite suit and you're working a dog and developing him. No different than you'd bring up a young fighter is that that is what a decoise job is to do is to build confidence. And what dogs, the nice thing is is that when it comes to aggression, prey and defense are two sides of the same coin, just like reproducting and reproduction and killing are two sides of the same coin. When I'm in that suit and I'm reading that dog, I'm exuding all of these things on him. I'm either making him uncomfortable and putting him in defensive drive. Then when he responds the way that I want gives me aggression and response and kind with aggression, I go back into prey drive, take all that pressure off and reward him coming forward, I'm teaching him to fight me and come forwardly aggressive. But the way that I have been able to develop that same strategy with pet dogs is because when you're in a suit and dealing with these dogs that are on a level 12 out of 10 by comparison to the pet dogs we deal with is that you have to be so over, overblown or so dramatic with how you're doing it to be able to affect these dogs that now when you're dealing with pet dogs it's actually really easy. But what it made me realize is just that same concept works the exact same way with those dogs, is that entering that dog's mind and getting that relationship first before you have that you are completely wasting your time doing anything else. Again no different than if you're a boss with employees or a military leader or pick anything is that if there isn't trust in relationship there first as the foundation you're building a shanty on sand in terms of everything else you try to do without that you're essentially wasting your time and so I hammer so hard on the relationship component because it is it's I mean that's a universal truth in life. And it escalates too. The more you build that relationship the more you can demand and of course in relation to be not demanding for people the more you build a relationship you more you can ask for someone to give to you and the more they'll do for you because you have a good relationship with them. And there's there's also a reason especially on my online training the first five months there's no corrections whatsoever there's no punishment there's there's nothing it's all bonding relationship building and reinforcement and shaping behavior that's not by accident. The reason why is that a lot of times people they don't have relationship with the dog dogs getting into X or doing Y or whatever let's put a prong collar and remote collar on what's punishing. A lot of people do that there's training franchises that the backbone is using remote collar which I vehemently disagree with and it's not about a cruelty thing it's about an understanding is that if I if I have a great relationship with that dog and again you know the work environment whatever spouse and then we've gone the full run of shaping and reinforcing desired behaviors and I have clearly communicated to him and positively taught him what the expectations are now when he's not performing up to that standard now if I correct him and punish him guess how much more effective it is you know because at first you're just you're just some other jerk that's putting your knee in my rib cage or electrocuting me or you know jerking me off my feet with a prong collar just like all the rest of him where is now it's like your dad saying I'm disappointed in you know what you know it's it's it's it's it's a lot more impactful that way you know so it means more dogs is back to the book dogs respect confidence power to 40 and by dogs I mean all dogs I don't care how much of an alpha roll any dog is assumed when someone comes along who exhibits those three traits to a greater degree than they they will step aside with the exception of the the four of the two come across but you know those those are dogs that I can assure you that nobody on the in the 83 million dog on her pet spectrum have ever run into you know these are unicorns for sure what you do with those dogs bread bread some of them one of them was out on the west coast actually as a working dog just retired here not not too long ago if I had to pick probably the most gifted physically across the board dog I've ever come across it was a dog that was out there for several years that came in we put him through his first hand of course and then he deployed did several deployments and just I mean he's a freak you know absolutely freak but the first years of funny story the first time I met him so we were running our our hand of course at Auburn University at their can I detection research institute back when it was still in in progress this is in 2011 we brought the dog in and we were staying at a local hotel there and it's eight week hand of course putting the dog through and my very first introduction to him is he was staying in the room with his hand and they'd spent some time together and had gone started the bond and it was like holiday and express they had free pizza and of course I'm like I'm not gonna pass up free pizza so I've got a paper plate with a couple of pieces of pie on it and I walk into the room the dog just kind of cocks his head looks at me runs over and literally like a dude like a team guy jumps up just slapped it right out of my hand and he leans down and starts eating it and then I started to lean down he just looks up and I've been around enough dogs where like I was like I'm just gonna let you eat that enjoy that dude just yeah I once on me buddy and the first time I saw our dogs working and I forget who brought them out where we were doing some training and you know it was set up but the the task it was doing a hit and a building and there was a guy that was gonna run a decoy it's gonna run and I was out there and man when they saw I see the decoy go and you see the dog sees it and the dog you can feel it man this dog is ready to murder this guy as if this is just the most insane level of passion and he's just on the end of that thing and that you can see the handers letting him blend and build that and build that and build he pulls that quick release bro I was like oh my god it was insane to watch him fire off and he took off like 10 feet to when he finally got like he's going to million miles an hour across this field he takes off about 10 feet and just nails this guy drags into the ground I was like okay this is a good little system to implement here yeah no I mean from the neat thing about I think capability wise is that it's you know it's a non-lethal form of capture you know which is obviously very valuable the deterrent aspect the psychological intimidation factor yeah that's a real beautiful thing too you know there's a lot of elements to to have in those dogs there's just you know it's amazing you see it especially in law enforcement you know but you'll have guys that will literally stand there with six armed officers and fight all six of them you know drawn on get entased pepper sprayed you throw this 65 pound point here little little malnoh out in the dude lays straight down like I'm not messing with you know and it's yeah it's amazing I mean but you know you think about it from from again from the human component of it's not natural to be attacked by an animal you know and nor is it something that most people A are comfortable with B have ever experienced most people have mixed it up especially if they're getting drawn on by six officers probably not their first fist fight you know but so yeah I mean that element of is pretty uh it's pretty awesome back to the book the lacks permissive attitude that exists in our schools our homes in our society in general has trickled down into how we interact with our pets while there are some benefits to our living in a kinder and gentler society they're also some huge drawbacks this is particularly this is particularly true as it pertains to dogs some people believe that it's impossible to have a well-trained dog and to never have to physically correct that dog I wish that were true but it's not the case let me be clear I don't employ and I don't advocate the use of any kind of unnecessary force but please understand this important point if all you ever do is reward your dog for good behavior you have no consequence for bad behavior then your dog will not have a complete understanding of what's expected so when you were talking about you know the fact that you sometimes do have to use a call a pinch collar you have to use a choke collar you might have to use a a digit was a remote collar you might have to do that stuff in fact you probably will yeah I mean there's there's always the chance I mean the best way I can kind of break it down is think of it from raising kids or again employees like if if the if the consequence is is the absence of reward that's you know you yes you may come across a dog but again this is an outlier exception anomaly whatever point phrase you want to use those aren't realistic aspirations to have with a dog like just like with kids like yeah hey if you don't clean your room you're not going to get those painted m and m's okay well I'll go do it they may be like you know I'd rather not have p and m and m's and just not clean my room now what are you going to do about it you know like you're going to run into that as a dad shock collar yeah two of them cattle prod you know so the you know that that it's a bit of an oversimplification in terms of you know what it really boils down to is is you know when how how often you know things like that I mean it really is not so much a matter of if it's win it's just being smart about how you're implementing it so that it's effective I mean you kind of my rules of thumb for implementing compulsion or positive punishment is is that it's not when you're emotional about it it's not when the dog does not understand why it's happening and and then the last thing is that the instant that the behavior has ceased the punishment has to also what you find a lot of times most times and especially early on if that relationship has been built and that foundation isn't there again I can't explain anything to a dog a lot of a lot of people you know we all have our expectations I know I want the dog to sit I don't want them to grab sandwiches I don't know not the kids over I don't want them to bark when it's three in the morning unless there's somebody breaking in he doesn't know any of that you know so we have to teach them and if you again just like with the human component if you're trying to teach somebody something and they don't understand what's expected of them and you're punishing them for not understanding it that sucks you know and that's unfortunately that's how most dogs go about their lives is that you know I don't have a relationship with a dog let me throw a prong collar and eat collar on and make him do these things and he just shuts down he's a verse of to it talk about that Joey put the e-color on people yeah and you have them do a little task yeah it's it's a real simple you know it it dovetails on to this you know this kind of principle is that you know again so that so that you can put yourself in a dog shoes is that and so what I do when I run handler courses you know let's say it's YouTube I'm gonna have you know you be the handler echo is the dogs we're gonna put the e-color on his bicep I'll take you out in the next room Roger that so I'm gonna I'm gonna take you out there and I'm gonna say okay we're gonna come back in here and I want you to get echo to take this echelon front thing put this here and put that there that's his his task so it's for those you don't know listening it's like a medial task it's put a pencil and a paper clip onto a box and they're gonna be sitting on the table in the middle of the room all separate from each of them there's a bunch of other stuff there's a bunch of a crappie so when we come back in now you don't say anything to them we're not allowed to talk and so now echo just starts grabbing stuff and every time he grabs the sharpie he gets shocked he grabs the the the tea he gets shocked he grabs the knife he gets shocked he messes with the paper he gets shocked after five or six maybe ten you know he's strong guy you can take some punishment you crank it up he's not getting any's messing with wrong stuff I'm gonna I'm gonna hammer him harder what's he gonna do very quickly he's gonna do this he's just gonna sit here and say I'm not touching it anymore he's becomes a verse of to all the stimulus stimuli on on the desk on the transverse and so what that teaches you is that if your dog doesn't understand that that's what happens and that's the position you're putting your dog in is the very one you're in and it sucks so don't do it is that you've got to explain to him what what you want and you do that through shaping and reinforcing and so the transverse is now we go out we pick a different drill and we come back in and now you have a clicker with humans you can say hey the click means that that it's good with dogs obviously you have to pair something to it but you click in a treat yeah you can click and give him a jelly bean or whatever but so now you come in and the the only absence of that is when he like if he grabs the sharpie now and that's not part of the drill nothing happens very quickly the dog will do what's called learns through self discovery and they start to offer behaviors you you probably see it in your dog sometimes when they just start doing stuff looking at you if you have something and they start doing arbitrary movements they're trying to figure out what it's going to take for them to do to get what what they want that you have and so now you wait and once that once he grabs what what you want you market and so now he's like okay well it's something with us and now it's fun it's a game and he's trying to figure out as mine's working it's positive everybody's having fun the the first example it sucks you know it's painful it's stressful there's cortisol it's chaotic and again that dog's a plus be equal and you say the percentage of success is your first method is zero I've not ever done that and I've done it got no so many times I haven't ever done that experiment where somebody successfully performed that task not one time on the transverse I'd say the only time where where they haven't been successful is due to brevity is that it's taking longer but they either get really close or they finish it and everybody's laughing you know because the whole rest of class is watching and they're usually laughing during the the e-colour you know but but it it paints a very clear picture because a lot of times people that have a not put their self in the dog shoes again just like with leadership as you got a relate you got to understand how it's going to impact people when you're implementing different protocols or procedures or leadership principles what does that look like on the other side you know it doesn't matter if it makes sense to me it doesn't matter if it seems sound to me if if they view it as like well this is crap it's unfair it's whatever it may be but you've got to you've got to figure out how to manipulate it so that that they understand what the expectations are be what the consequences are and then see ultimately what what comes from both of those depending on what they choose to do and that's to me that's the beauty of our current conditioning with dog training is that you're you're letting the dog dictate the consequence and no different than with any of us it they enjoy it you know and it stimulates their mind which they need which is another benefit to bonding in relationship with them is because if you were the one stimulating their mind guess what now they want to hang out with you more they will listen to you more your your blue chip bank just gets overloaded because they've had so many positive experiences where they've had different things that that's desirable on your and that doesn't mean anything to them but they're just trying things out and now they do it and it gets marked in a warden that's fun and it's a game and it's just it's a it's a self replicating process that that has a ton of benefits for for you and the dog I thought this part was interesting you're just and it's important to know as well to understand dogs a little bit better a dog sense of smell is somewhere between 10,000 and a hundred thousand thousand times as sensitive as our own there's a PBS television show Nova where his guy named James Walker and this is a quote from the book he said if you make the analogy to vision what you and I can see at a third of a mile a dog could see more than 3000 miles away and there's another example Alexander Horowitz the author of Inside a Dog did something similar but kept the comparison in the all factory realm you can tell when your coffee has tea or sugar in it by taking a sip of it a dog could sense that same tea spoon of sugar diluted in a million gallons of water just by using his nose that's insane yeah well and from a so there's two reasons why that's important on the working dog side it's it's pretty it's pretty clear to see the benefits that that has in terms of you know sniffing explosives that are buried and detecting people that are hidden in false floors and tracking people and things of that nature on the on the pet dog side where that comes into play is that is that same you know from a relationship standpoint is that they recognize you by the way you smell they recognize your kids by the way they smell in terms of of training interacting with them using treats rewards to always things that that nature at you know it plays big big dividends or pays big dividends too so it's just one more component that you know the reason that the that the book is called the Navy Sealway and I if there's one thing I could say that I wish I had done a better job with was kind of relying why why that is is that you know when I think about our reputation and our efficacy and success as a community since its inception why is that you know and it's everything that's in this book just related to dogs it's well it comes by selection you know have a very stringent selection process but then above and beyond that you know seals don't have this the success and reputation because because they're good shots or in good shape or have great intelligence or have some of the best platforms and in augments in terms of close air support ISR whatever it's because they have all of those things you know it's it's managing the every single intangible that you can possibly manipulate and control and stack that deck in your favor so it's not just training it's not just selecting the right dog it's not just feeding them good food it's not just keeping them in good physical condition in an ideal body weight it's not anyone you know component of that it's all of them and so that the Navy Sealway it's more about us on a on a big scale in terms of how how we've gotten to where we've gotten and by using all of those same same concepts you know and I used all of those same concepts as a trainer in terms of my selection process is is got awful you know there's times where we would go on on on trips to to find dogs and and and since then even where you know I may look at dozens or even hundreds of them to find one you know you know sim I would say probably a tradition rates are even even worse than than buds you know you may have a fraction of a percentage or in the single digit percentage of dogs I look at that actually end up making it so you know but it's it's that crux of and again same same with business it's like it's not just having good accounting it's not just having good leadership it's not good just having good recruiting it's not just having good budgeting and funding it's all of those things and and when you manipulate the environment and stack the deck in your favor make things very consistent and black and white have an ideal have an idea in your mind of what that finished product isn't be able to visualize that nowhere you're at develop a plan and executed again it just goes back to the the microcosm that dog training is that the that mimics life but talk about this thing in the book you talk about look for the intelligence behind a mistake what do you mean by that so I found that pretty cool yeah so the you know the intelligence behind the mistake is is essentially a teaching moment you know is that understand why it was made ultimately it's it's you as the handlers fault for why mistakes are made but but understand why the dog made the mistake you know and it could be you know it's generally gonna gonna be reduced down to lack of communication on your part a confusion of expectations on the dogs same with humans same with humans both those same with humans yeah and then and then the last thing which is probably one of the most imperative things uh same with humans is is bringing emotion into the the equation dogs are while they have some simple emotions that mimic humans there are nowhere near as complex one of the jokes I start a lot of my speech is out with is you're gonna find out who loves you more your spouse or your dog lock both of them in the trunk of your car for two hours after two hours come pop the trunk who's happier to see you and you know dog like hey buddy or you bend you know you're life's gonna slap the body so but they are that simple you know and it's it's an Achilles heel of sorts we're talking about before we came on came on air is the iPhone you know that that's really dog dogs are actually so simple that that we as humans because we're so much more complicated now we think emotionally charged and and what have you that we make them way more complicated and harder to train than they actually are it's a we need to oversimplified and and to me not to get too far off on a tangent but it's it's kind of like world world policy you know foreign policy from an international standpoint is it sometimes the simplest solutions are the best for the most complex problems you know foreign policy being a bar fight you know if if if you're gonna go walk into that bar you're gonna get in a fight you know and you better bring everything to bear to make sure that you're safe but realize that by walking in there no matter who's side you take no matter what happens you're gonna create at least one enemy probably several you know so you better make damn sure that going into that bar is worth going into before you go into it to me that's a pretty simple solution it's a simple way to look at at the world's problems we don't do that you know we over-complicated but it's that same same mentality with the doggo is is that you know most times it's the most simple solution to to what you think or perceive is the most complex problem and it's really not that complicated yeah you talk a you go through a whole section that's about reading your dog and and what signals to look for and it's the same thing with people you know you get to learn how to read people but you talk about their eyes you talk about their ears what their ears are doing you're talking about what they're tail and this is these are all things you told me when I was getting my dog is you know things to look for and man they were spot on just just looking at their posture interestingly we just said Jordan Peterson on we talked a lot about posture he's got a new book out called 12 rules for life and the first chapter this is how to live your life the first chapter is stand up straight with your shoulders back and it's like yeah and you can see that in dogs and you can see that you know in the way that you stand around your dog you've already talked about that a bunch today but just to just to make sure that you have good posture as like simple as that might sound and what do you look for in the posture of a dog so this is where it depends on what the what you're looking for what the end goal is you know if I'm looking for a pet then I I probably don't want a cocky scorpion tail ears up chest out looking like king Kong and like a yellowing's the place for a good strong working dog yeah I want a dog that's going to make make my back end pucker by grab an elation open and it's getting clippin it to it like this dog's making me a little nervous because he's walking around looking at me like I don't sweat you that's one of the biggest misconceptions is growling you know people think you know growling growling is weakness growling is being scared and and it's peacock feathers essentially it's a dog's way of saying you're making me uncomfortable I'm going to do this and in hopes that it makes you you know it calls your bluff and backs you down when I see a dog at growls I know I can get in this head faster than a dog at stand and they're looking at me with this tail just further and a little bit with his eyes pin pointed dot you know non non dilated pupils and looking at me like dude bring it and you know that's the dog I worry about not the dog growling with his hair up and and his ears back and his lips curled you know that dog I know I I can run him if if need be but it's just a matter of grabbing a hold of yourself and saying let's we're going to do the man dance and I'm coming after you and 99 times out of 100 that dog doesn't want anything to do with it but you know for for a pet you know again it depends on you know my active do I want a dog that's going to play a deterrent role in terms of protection and you know do I just want an active companion do I want a docile dog that you know my kids can snuggle with you know so to me again just like with the kind of the the macrocosm of you know what what do you want out of the dog you know let that drive your decision to work backwards from there but um but the I think the key point is here know that there's traits or visual clues that you can look for that indicate what kind of a dog what kind of personality the dog has no so and and if you don't know those and you just go to a random place and you pick the dog that came up to you fastest and was wiggling or the dog that was all shy and looks so cute in the corner there's consequences to getting those dogs and they are they're all over the place and if you don't know what you're getting you're wrong yeah well and you know the conversation that we had before you've selected yours you know the you hear a lot of things people's I'll turn the dog up upside down and put him on his back and see if he's calling you know and there's people if he's calling that's the one you want if he's active that's the one you want to me it's all tall crap honestly um what I like to do is is just like in in any other selection process I want to take the dog out of his comfort zone and see how he how he reacts his comfort zone is where he's been raised where he's been living with his littermates with his mom you know if you go to a breeder's house and you evaluate a puppy with the the litter running around in the mom standing there you are not getting an accurate representation of what that dog's genetic components are not even close there there are so many things that have been smoked and mirrored in the dog's benefit he's going to look much stronger and better and and active and drive your endominant and whatever then then he truly is if you want to really see that dog at his genetic face value take him somewhere where you know he hasn't been by himself you tell me home depot which I think is a great because there's things going on at home depot there's noises there's a bunch of people running around there's other dogs in there there's kids there's all kinds of chaos going on in the people yeah I mean you'll you'll find out about a dog's environmental nerve faster than anything there you know um and so but it can be anywhere busy it can be a parking lot it can be Walmart it can be an airport I mean wherever you can find that home depot is going to get flooded with uh test dogs by the way just FYI test dogs like the little puppies they're not potty trained yet so FYI for everyone here here's a cool story you put in here back to the book Carlos came to my care several years ago he was seven years old at the time but he had been had to retire from the teams during an operation and I rack on a raid that resulted in an intense firefight he and his hand the reproach to building suspected of housing cached munitions just short of the entryway a remotely detonated i.e. through the pair back several yards Carlos broke his back into hind legs and hips and collapsed his signices and his lungs for privacy reasons I can't go to the injuries his handler sustained other than to say that they were extensive medical personnel acted quickly and both the dog and the handler survived Carlos nearly prevented that emergency treatment from being initiated despite the severity of his injuries he crawled to his handler side and took up a defensive perimeter near his fallen combat had no one trained Carlos to do that he did it for one reason loyalty and that you know that can't be taught you know just like it can't be in and people it can be reinforced you know it can be conditioned and tweaked a little bit one way or another it can be broken for sure but that that is in my opinion a primal genetically inherited trait that either exists or it doesn't just like with heart you know and that's that's something that's excruciatingly rare obviously both in humans and dogs and that's one of the one of the ways I test a dog is is that is I want to test their heart and and see if if when push comes to shove if they if they want to fight me you know and Carlos was was a warrior of of the highest magnitude no doubt about it you know he spent several years with us and then ended up I retired him to a dog friend of mine and floor that had him for a little while and the last picture I got him got of him was watching the Super Bowl land on a leather couch with a cognitive mouth a couple weeks before he died right on yeah he got got the full spectrum got the full retirement good deal you know dogs possess here back to the book dogs possess the capability to be loyal capability to be loyal a dog owner as a dog owner you should not take that loyalty for granted or exploit it you should work to give your dog a reason to be the most loyal to you he can possibly be I mean does that not go 100% with human beings as well it's it's you know let your dog know that he can trust you yeah be a leader make sure people know that they can trust you I mean come on here's another interesting little story you got in here so you got a guy Bob who whenever he's working on his car he loses temper goes crazy throws to us around he doesn't know why his dog doesn't you know like it back to the book when Bob lost his cool even though Bob didn't direct any of his anger at his dog Rudy the dog wanted no part of that scenario maybe we use more sensitive to those kind of responses than other dogs might have been but Rudy basically lost respect for Bob Bob was the guy he expected to be in command and in control and he wasn't what made things worse for Bob was that he knew that was the case so so at the reason I pulled that one out is because again I talk about all time if you lose your temper as a leader you're you're you're you're you're you're gonna look weak you're gonna appear to be weak and and some people can't control their temper and that's just wrong but even a dog even a dog will look at a leader that loses his temper and go okay I can't I can't you're my following you. Well it's me I would say not not so much even a dog I would say especially I would say that well there you go you know because it's you know I can't I can't talk to my dog and say hey sorry about that I lost my cool it's not gonna happen again you know I'm still your boss but you know let's let me make it up to you know whatever not not that's how you approached anyway but but my point is is that you know you you have that that A plus B will see principle in everything you know it's whether it's shaping behavior that you desire it's eliminating undesirable problem behaviors that you've inadvertently created it's you know breaking breaking trust and and ruining relationships you know one of the things that I like to tell people and again it's with you know human relationships also is it trust is like a piece of paper and when when you break it it's crumbling it up into a ball you know you you can flatten it back out you can iron it you can get it real close but it will never be the same you know if you truly break it you know the way that a lot of people do be careful with that you know because it you only get one one crack at ruining it and then and then and then you're you're faced with an uphill battle the nice thing with dogs where they're more forgiving and and pliable mentally than the than our human he put him in the trunk of the car for a couple hours and you're still all right then you the transverse of that is it is if you show your dog that you're on flappable and you consistently project an image of authority and your dog will understand you can count on you so don't lose your temper don't do that as a leader either here's another one that you throw in rewards like corrections should be proportional the surest way to reduce the effectiveness of reward is to overuse it and that's obviously true with people as well first of all if you're if you're not just with your punishment and somebody makes a small mistake and you can hammer them destructively that's not helping you and at the same time if everything that they do good you're jumping up and down like a cheerleader that's not going to do you any good either same with the dog sure and you know the the other thing the varying the rewards schedule and also there's time you echoes all into variable rewards yeah right isn't there some kind of like a logical person with dogs it's an it's an excruciate you told me about something with with iPhones though like you're looking for the little thing to pop up yeah you think maybe this is the message from whoever from the president yeah this could be the one in said it's just an advertisement for something yeah sometimes one day it is a message from the president but that keeps you in the game keep you in the game how many of those have you gotten yeah so he's variable rewards with the dogs so with with with with training it's kind of again it just falls into a cumulative process at first it's every time you know so that there's the consistency so that that that's the explanation of the expectation is that you do this you get that you do this you get that until now it's it's wired once it's wired now it becomes just like if every time you pick anything pick anything you like you know every Friday we're having steak and ice cream like after a while it's like no steak and ice cream again so that that dog will get to a point where now it's actually we're not having steak and ice cream we're having tofu burgers jokes on you like wait what you know so now whatever it took that week to get steak and ice cream on Friday maybe I'm going to work a little harder and you'll see that out of them and so and this is more on the on the competitive side but you know when you're judged on on flashness and precision and speed of execution when it comes to different behavioral components of obedience routines and people want to speed those up and make them more laser-like in their precision that's a very effective way to do it is that now sometimes you get it sometimes you don't so now the dog is it's the lottery mentality of doing scratch-offs you know I mean nobody wins the the power ball but the scratch-offs it's like you know made 12 bucks yeah you know I can almost buy what I just spent on them you know almost got my money back I'm buying again but but you know human beings are wired that same way how many people waste their money on scratch-offs a bunch of them for that same reason it's it's a it's a psychological aspect that that actually is very powerful in a dog but that the caveat to that is that you know make sure that it's it's an ingrained conditioned response before you start doing that but yeah it is powerful in terms of the flooding um when I when I'm bridging certain things together like if I want to go from you know I'll teach a dog to recall which has come to me first when I'm teaching him to to get his back end and to you know his shoulder hits my knee starting at kind of a healing position in the sitting position that's one component and then actually walking off and starting to heal when I want to bridge all that together so you know if I just give him the what I call plots command which is Dutch for place is that the dog you know it does all of that you know he comes here he gets into the plots and then we and then we heal off basically when when I bridge certain things together if I've been building a couple different components and when when it clicks the very first time I'll flood five six seven rewards all all right at that at once so that he's like oh payday it's a jackpot and again yeah so it's it's kind of a almost a successive approximation in terms of you know teaching different different steps not different than in jujitsu different elements of a move or whatever and then once it's paired all together now they get the tap out and they're like sweet you know same same type of thing yes back to the book beware that your dog has no concept of what words mean you know there were it's if you repeatedly say the word down as in down down down your dog will associate that more lengthy expression as his cue to lie down keep it simple and clear simple clear concise language I did the you talk about in the book I did the broccoli thing with my with my dog with my wife and she was all shocked you know because I was like hey your dog you know even though you think your dog knows what you're saying he actually has no idea and then you talk about in the book and I did it with my dog uh yesterday I said hey our dog has no idea what he's what we're saying which is what he means I said he doesn't know what it's it means she says what he mean I said watch this and so I gave him the come he came over and I said broccoli and he's sat right down just like I'd said sit and she was all looking at all confused and I said yeah that's right these dogs don't know what it's it but it's the body language and it's the expectations and whatever little subtle cues I have when I wanted to sit I did it and I just the word came out of my mouth was broccoli. Okay context 100% you know what dogs are you know the beauty of dogs is is how powerful context the Achilles heel is also context in for that same reason but yeah it's it's important to to make that distinction that's where you know using using that shaping of behavior as your best friend in terms of you know like I said I use a classroom you know there's a reason why libraries and classrooms are the environments that they are so when we teach our kids what we want them to know it's a distraction for your environment it's you know positive learning experience it's a it's a petri dish for education when when you try to do things where you know the dog is in the house and doing all these other things you know there's all these other stimuli going on and it's distracting and the dog's not picking it up and it's not building at context so I use a 40 by 40 training classroom it's just a it's a fence-in area with nothing in it and we go in there and I just stand there and wait for them to start doing stuff and then I I market and roll word and shape it and then from there I start to shape a little micro nuanced you know the dog just turns his head wanting you know a fraction of a degree one one direction I marked that in a order if I'm trying to teach a place command he looks at the bed I'm working already takes one step I'm working a word and I just build on that over and over and over and and the neat thing is once they dogs kind of have to learn how to learn that way you'll see that light bulb go on as soon as they understand okay you have what I want and I have to earn it I have to figure out what it's going to take to get it and they start to offer these or offer behaviors through self discovery then then that is when when you own their mind and you can teach them anything and that's one of the first things I teach is a place command for that that simple reason alone is that it's so powerful in a dog if if he can look at me and he knows dude has what I want and I have to actually go away from it to get it then then it sits on you know each step and I know this question is going to get asked all the time but you put it in here not only is it possible to teach your dogs to perform tricks but I believe you should regardless of the dog's age so you can in fact teach an old dog new tricks right everybody's question yeah everyone what about puppy yeah do you do you fill up the hard drive at some point where they can't learn anything new without forgetting something else not any more than any of us you know they can learn they can they will continue to learn and to me one of the reasons dogs as with people expire earlier than they probably need to is because a lack of of that stimulation that mental stimulation you know even if the mind or even if the body can't can't perform there's a lot other ways that you can get dogs to stimulate their mind and and keep them younger and healthier and happier than than just letting them expire on a dog bed you know five feet away from you letting your heart get too much in the way of your head and what's best for your dog will end up causing that heart more pain in the long run discipline equals freedom right I mean if you have an undisciplined dog that dog is going to be miserable you're going to be miserable everything sucks yeah pretty much absolutely yeah I mean it's like I said I mean that that's one of my big goals moving into this year is is basically starting like a shelter campaign of signing up for the online training saving a dog and and we're going to be launching it here real soon but you know I I firmly believe you know what you want to call it a calling or whatever is that you know my goal is to revolutionize how your average everyday dog owner views communicates with and interacts with their dog because how many dogs a year gets sent to the pound 3.3 million dogs every year gets surrendered to to shelters across this country and it varies year to year but usually between six and six hundred and eighty and seven hundred and fifty thousand dogs a year get you the nays that's over two thousand dogs every day getting put to sleep in this country even at those numbers you know and it's it's not as bad as it was but it's still astronomical high in the way I look at it very simply is that you know shelters God bless them are great great resources and we as Americans very charitable have opened up our hearts and wallets and and provided pretty astounding resources for animals whether it's ASPCH, SUS whatever shelters, rescue organizations you name it but to me it's it's it's no different than throwing money at the symptom you know it's not addressing the problem you know the problem is why are they getting there in the first place I mean because with eighty three million dogs out there you can't have enough resources to to accommodate that you know and so it's it's like it's like the the pharmaceutical industry you know it's it's it's dealing with the symptoms and not trying to fix fix the problem you know and of of course there is potentially some politics involved with that and in terms of maintaining funding and salaries and jobs I get all that but to me a shelter's number one goal should be to have zero dogs in it you know if you're not if that's not your goal you're wrong and I'll I'll call anyone of them out right now you know your goal should be to be out of a job in in my opinion you know and to me that starts with with teaching people how how to communicate with their dogs and it's everything that we've talked about but it's it's really not that complicated you know and the the gratification you get from doing it yourself and the understanding of your dog it it it transcends just that you know just like you know with what you what you do you know you can take all of these same lessons and apply them to your kids to your spouse to your business partners to your employees whatever and it all works the same way yeah we're gonna close out the book here I'm just gonna run through these fundamental principles you have and and as I'm saying them think about not just dogs but everyone that doesn't have a dog think about people anyone that's in a leadership position think about leading those people as it applies to dogs one look at things from the dogs perspective how often is it we get of some of that works for us and we don't think about what's going through their brain and why what we're saying how what we're saying to them or how what we're making them do in back some appreciate the differences in how dogs use their senses to perceive the world same thing think about the people that you've got working for you look at the intelligence behind the mistake you already you already talked about that reward good behavior a duh but how often do we not do that as a leader punish or extinguish bad behavior duh again but how often do we let little things slide we just if you're letting things slide somebody wants to be late day after day oh that's okay we're saying it's okay next be consistent in the application of awards and punishment well there you go this is especially true with kids if you're not consistent with the kids like they don't learn and and I think opposite of dogs actually a kid if they think they get away with it once like a variable reward but a variable punishment if they think they get away they're gonna gamble they're gonna wait it again oh mint dogs little dogs will test the water on you pretty hard that way too yeah a lot of them are more intuitive and sharp than you think but keep a motion out of the evaluation of good and bad and the application of punishments this is super smart especially with kids and with employees and with dogs but if you're punishing the people or your workers or your employees or your dogs out of anger you're you're not doing a good job you're not doing a good job in fact just FYI when I have to do punishment with my kids I do it in like the most cold blooded serial murder kind of way that I can the blood instructor as if it's completely emotional us as like well you know unfortunately I have to do this because of your behavior so go ahead and report to the garage you know so they're gonna get hammered but I think that's better that's far more impactful you know I mean think about a buzz and structure like not I'm really scream at you know it's the it's the antithesis of the of the Marine Corps DI like it's just white noise at that point just standing like however when that dude's like whispering like I'm gonna I'm gonna snatch the life out of your soul and crush it right front of your face you know kids you know like 18 years old blown as a young glands like Jesus what did I sign up for next understand how dogs communicate overwhelmingly through body language and use that understanding and method of communication back to them to elicit the kinds of behaviors we want and and we we we we talked about this before in the podcast I don't know you probably heard this before but they say humans humans communicate even though we're all verbal and all that it's an 80% is non-verbal 80% is non-verbal this is I don't know probably someone will say no it's not 80 it's 78 but it's a huge percentage is non-verbal well to me to me where I think you know not to get too off track but the where the disparity is and is that in with technology so much of our communication doesn't involve interaction right you know it's emails it's text messages even it's phone calls whatever you know so I think in person maybe you know but because there's such that's so watered down by by everything you know well people do this I mean I've been working with businesses all the time we I uncover all kinds of people I have in all kinds of problems because they're only communicating through email or through texts and therefore the people aren't picking up on all those other signals or we have relationships that get destroyed because you know I made a joke to you about something and it was an attacks message and and I didn't put a LOL uh yeah emoji after it so you didn't think I was joking all the sudden we got an issue like so so this is definitely something that we have to remember that's why I have like a rule in emails I don't joke around in emails like I don't I don't make jokes in emails almost I just completely if we know each other and we we can get we get there but I'm not joking around you know if I have a client I'm not saying uh you know I'll be there in a few weeks and hopefully I'll be able to sort your ass out they're like wait wait a second even though I'd be kidding yeah but they don't know that through the email back to the book determine our needs and understand how a dog's prey drive energy level and other physical traits contribute to a matrix of behavior what does that say no your people know your people what's driving them what are they motivated by what's going to make them work harder next provided dog with ample amounts of exercise and interaction with other dogs and people in a multitude of different environments what I liked about that is yeah the obviously exercise interaction multiple of different environments this is where I see people that are in a training capacity they train people only in one environment and so they get outside that environment they fall apart mm feed him a diet with maximum health benefits within our means hey right eat good food stake yeah basically we know we all know we're friends here I brought home some of my bros gave me a uh a cow femur the other day I brought it home for my dog just a raw cow femur you want to talk about a pumped up dog rock and roll yeah he he still just getting after that that's what nature intended yeah before undergoing formal training develop a bond of mutual trust and respect so get that relationship going before you demand a bunch of stuff from people become the authority figure in dog's life that he wants and needs take the time to be patient do multiple repetitions build in different levels of distraction and employ variable rewards schedules all to ensure that a concept is firmly embedded in dogs mind now we'll talk a little bit about jjitsu here you got to do the repetition and then you've got to do it in different you know you you got to you got to you got to arm lock you got to try an arm lock live rolling a hundred times before you get one at least a hundred maybe more and in order to shorten that time you got to do more drills and then you can shorten that time from a hundred maybe you got to do it forty four times before it works you think about when you learn a new move in jjitsu it can take a long time the better you understand it in the isolated training environment the quicker you can be able to do it live yeah and from a behavioral standpoint it's the same thing like teach it in that sterile classroom and then move it into the living environment going out for walks going past dog parks you know busy playgrounds whatever is it you know people like yeah he's doing great in the classroom and then I take him to the park and he just loses my like where did you bridge that yeah yeah you can't go from third grade to you know a sophomore in college and that's what you're doing like you're not you missed you missed about 15 steps in between there you know so my dog was distracted in Walmart you know kidding idiot yeah next use good problem solving skills to identify the root cause of a problem and work out the solution to resolve the issue and not just hide it I'll get another thing you see this in relationships in companies where they just everyone is hiding this problem no one will address the problem no one's gonna address the problem so if you got problems default aggressive get aggressive find the solution to problem implement it that kind of wraps up this book like I said team dog is the name of the book how to train your dog the navy seal way and good stuff in there not just for dogs but for humans as well and Mike obviously appreciate your service and not only what you did when you're in the teams but everything you've done and did once you got out of the teams and thanks for coming on the podcast now I know you got a bunch of things going on right now yeah well first off I I appreciate you have me on it's a it's an honor and I'm happy to have it to do it yeah in terms of everything I have going on I mean to me the crux of what I would pass on to anybody listening is is again is is the is really trying to get to the the root core of communicating with your dog and and you know to me if if nothing else let it be an experiment and practice for the rest of your relationships you know because it does transpire or transcend rather you know just just training a dog but the online training just a month by month you'll let they can go to team dog dot pet to check that out it's you know team dog dot pet dot that's where you have online training where people can learn to solve these problems that they have with a dog build a good relationship with a dog and train their dog yeah it's just it's a monthly lesson it's a cumulative process it starts out just like everything we talked about building a relationship first shaping and reinforcing behavior and then working on next English things correcting problems etc we're in the halfway through the second year of it it's it's gone gotten some really good feedback there's forums that has I get on there and I answer questions every Monday with with all the all the the members and people interact with each other and give each other advice and post videos and and a bunch of other stuff we're going to launch some affiliate partnership programs here with people get another people to sign up soon but that in conjunction with the book and then launching a tracos training franchises which are going to augment all of the people out there that are subscribers so basically you know it's working with certified dry-coast and team dog trainers all over the country that have these franchises everywhere that help you go through this monthly training curriculum and you know that the crux of it though is you know just like with anything you need help from some people you need guidance with learning Olympic lifts or jiu-jitsu moves whatever but you mean you have to put the time in yourself but this will allow people to you know to to seek some some guidance in person from people if they're having specific issues or whatever that they're not able to get from the online stuff but we've had just overwhelming feed positive feedback on success story after success story you know these 65 year old grandmothers that have their lab review allowed there you know healing and walking around dog parks and stuff and then they're just loving it's pretty awesome but so that's that's kind of the big big thing when you talked about tracos I don't even know if we talked about tracos yet tracos is the company that you formed up while you were still in no so this is actually my second dog company but I formed it a little over five years ago and it's the the crux of it is is personal protection dogs police dogs military dogs we do sell up a fair a number of dogs to private individuals for you know the personal protection aspect and that's kind of what was born and bred out of and in conjunction with putting on a lot of police seminars and and selling police dogs and teaching and conferences and stuff like that but but yeah so that's that's my for-profit company if you in terms of everything that I have going on the best place to go is just microitland.com that is the resource that talks about the team dog online stuff the tracos stuff the speaking engagements the book for that or you know the franchise stuff coming up or even the Warrior Dog Foundation the book so I read and it's kind of a landing page of everything that I have going on Mike Ritland.com and the Warrior Dog Foundation again you mentioned a couple times but just give a little bit of a of a of a plug for that to people know what it is. So word dog foundation we started it back in August the 2010 we've taken in a little over 80 dogs at this point started off with just doing special operations dogs bit sealed dogs, Rangers whatever and we've taken in a lot of police dogs contract working dogs military working dogs and kind of our main main goal and function with that is to act as a as an indefinite sanctuary for those dogs first and foremost when we get them in we evaluate them some of them we've been able to repurpose rehabilitate and get to police departments and you know some of them have come in spent a few months and then we've gotten them back to back to service with working with them and kind of unwinding their mind a little bit using a lot of same principles that we've been talking about today but more than anything it's that you know these dogs are at that kind of where their last resort you know they were going to get the blue juice here within days and and we step in and take them and and either just you know continually try to rehabilitate them to where we can that re-home them to a civilian application or another police department or whatever or we just let them live out their life be a dog have fun chase balls and and run around the woods and hang out and and retire and out the pasture so to speak but warrior dog foundation dot org is the website for that if you want to check it out and of course we're always gracious and appreciative of any support. If there's some of it listens to this podcast it gets all fired up to get a dog obviously get the book I'm going to tell you that right now get the book so you can make a good assessment make a good judgment and think it's a lot of work to have a dog I have four kids I've had dogs multiple dogs when I had a bunch of kids we actually didn't have dogs for a while because kids and dogs are a lot of work if you're not willing to put the work into the dog then that's you're not going to be a good parent is that the right right now you're not going to be a good dog owner so you're almost almost went sideways there so yeah oh please you're not going to be a bad dog daddy you're a third daddy yeah you're not going to be a good dog owner and believe me I had to fight I got three daughters and one son and for the years of me beating them down saying no dog no dog no dog because I knew that I couldn't put enough time and effort into it to make it a dog have a good life and the dog be square away and be disciplined and be able to you know protect my family so it took a while to get there but then finally when my kids rolled enough you know I got one out of the house and now we have a good environment for it and so think about that before you run out and buy a dog yeah no absolutely I mean it's it's like with anything you know don't don't do impulse decisions do your new diligence and research and just like you wouldn't just yeah let's adopt a kid and see what happens you know don't don't don't do the same thing with a dog yeah I'm bored it's right and let's go to the it's going to the shelter and pick up a new dog yeah not a good call all right echo we learned a lot about how to help dogs and train dogs maybe you could tell us how we could help ourselves a little bit is it true that no dog still have a personality they have a dog melody get it um I just made that up just as an actual kind of literally hey but that's okay but the trucker managed I need to work on the operating conditioning with echo so yeah yeah so it was a little flimsy and a shock collar real quick I thought how did it finish me all right no man anyway good news is jocquist supplements finally what I say finally not like yes finally like because the whole world is was waiting yeah yeah like for decades kind can I jump in one quick second before that of course we are launching a try-coast dog supplement line in the next couple of weeks so speaking of supplement going try-coast back on there for dogs I'm not stepping on your toes but yeah so you know check check check in you're not stepping on my toes at all expect in fact I expect a package of my house you have all hey man you just got a but you just got your advertisement in there you gotta pay for that what kind of supplements though like what is it supplement just uh native uh yeah starting out it's gonna be uh different oils um and then we'll get in the collagen uh later this year and stuff like that it's all cognitive driven you know CBD and uh different essential little stuff and joint supplements and and stuff like that so it's kind of a kind of a mix of a few different things but most of it is is for joint pain for overall health cognitive function things like that yeah and it all stems from the warrior dog research that we've done in terms of what works with them in terms of raw foods and and different joint supplements and and again the collagen's a big thing and just kind of drawn off of all of our experience with that but keep them physically maintained yeah kind of thing that's as a big component you know it's like a bunch of broken warriors you know they take take a lot of extra lot extra care and and uh and animal husbandry to keep them keep them sound yeah echo is used not as a segue I could feel it feel it well same thing yeah because jocco supplements jocco super krill oil for joints and joint warfare obviously also for joints glucose to mean and trying to curcumin somebody just asked me about you know what you did to don't your fingers hurt because you're with the ghee right yeah yeah it's it's the common answer is yeah of course they hurt the joint warfare answer and the krill oil answer is not too bad really yeah your hands will get like sore like muscle sort yeah but my finger and then again it depends on how much of the ghee and how much grabbing you do yeah i i do have a low ghee grabbing game yes which is a awkward thing it's not that i don't grab the ghee because i certainly do but if you oh i grab that ghee but if you are determined you get that look in your face like you want me to let go your ghee guess what i'm gonna do i'm gonna hold on it to for the last middle of a second and when you pull with all your might i'm gonna let go of it because i'm doing something else but yeah there's you you see the meow brothers yeah you see their hands yeah they're all jacked up and you watch their jjitur game that's why because they're just they will not let go of that ghee they'll get it weird positions and it's it's gonna hurt i don't even know if joint warfare would help him out and then help out the meow brothers probably at least a little bit but yeah maybe a little bit you know that's that's your you know that's the life you chose kind of thing with the grabbing the ghee yeah you have a real low grabbing yeah compared like i grab that medium regular ghee grabbing guy no joint pain by the way yeah i'm on cruel oil but i think it's gonna help regardless was that to cure it yeah yeah no there's certain people if you have it like like surgeons we we don't know people at our surgeons that transit jjitur you get you cannot have a high ghee commitment grabbing commitment that's what i'm talking i finally figured it out that's what i grab the ghee a lot but my commitment on the ghee grabs is relatively low compared to somebody that's all about all about that's 100% committed to ghee grabbing yeah that's true to me it's just a setup though like when you're when you're decide you're gonna get that you're gonna break my grip i'm there's since that's my game you go to break my gear rep i know that you're going to break my grip and i have the the chain of events or about to yeah yeah it's kind of like when you're kid when you when you're playing with your friend or whatever like pulling his arm right and he's like oh he's trying to pull it back you're pulling it more and then you let go and you trip his leg and he falls back the same thing with you jocos ghee grabbing to setup yeah yeah to setup nonetheless if your fingers are sore from your ghee grabbing commitment levels super cruel joint warfare mine was the elbows in my back good good to go now also the subscription is now available oh yeah yep from what i understand well what's cool is because we have the data right everyone talks about the data yeah yeah so we have the big data on super cruel on joint warfare and what's cool is when people buy it they buy more which is the best indicator i can see because when you try you you feel it and you want it and so people had requested we put subscription so if you want to subscribe just get the krill delivered to you yeah you can do it like a monthly yeah you can do it you can do every two weeks and you can do that you can do it with joint warfare you can do it with the discipline yeah case you lack in discipline yeah yeah you can get it now some people that's all they need just a little discipline and boom they're good to go speaking to which discipline what is discipline it's a cognitive physical supplement yeah pre-workout from me pre-mission pre-workout it's pre-mission if you have a mission you take the discipline it'll help it um there's some cognitive stuff in there some little bit of caffeine right yeah sit you little bit fired about 15 milligrams yeah because you go beyond that and i start to feel like how much is one cup of coffee it's like 45 or 50 oh no i want to say a cup of coffee oh yes you i think you are right i think i can stand it's like 45 or 50 yeah so you figure 15 you know third yep yep something like that that's what's in white tea by the way there's no coincidence sir that's a little bit more than i thought not that that's a lot it's not a lot at all really but 15 or those people don't want to do anything that's a coffee drinker yeah they won't feel it yeah they're like drinking a third of a cup of coffee is not that much they're gonna want more for sure but it's not nothing yeah it's something true yeah yeah so that's good to me that's good um nonetheless you know you take it before you do some something that requires physical and mental stuff just like how we're talking about the jujits you don't take it before jujits you don't take it before you take it i don't take it before i won't let it be for you work out yeah because i don't it's early in the morning just not about that i think you're drinking now this is white tea i had a drink of the first drink i had was was the discipline yeah flavored it is and it actually tastes good because jockels like that yeah it needs it to taste really delicious yeah it does taste good i oh he's he's talking about my palate again and over yeah is it weird who i'm talking about you no no mic is yeah yeah same thing that happened on Jordan Peterson yeah podcast apparently i have a sensitive palate when i said it refined but it's not refined so yes discipline tastes good legitimately tastes good you know what you can do and i don't recommend this at night well it's a little risky it tastes good enough to have for dessert really it's got a little sweetness to it right it's got a little sweetness you can take it for dessert because you think oh man i just want to like a little oh boom there you go you have some discipline you gotta watch out because it's if unless you have i'm i'm trying to take it if i don't have something to do right and if it's eight o'clock sometimes i eat late at night because i can eat when i get done training if i'm i don't want to be taken it that late at night but why could the caffeine because the cat just the caffeine is the whole the whole thing microdozer caffeine so but i have last night i did because i'm prepping like 14 podcasts right now so i had some discipline late last night so i could gain what what do you mean dessert though so what do you sprinkle it on a lemon meringue pie i don't know i just mix up mix up a shake oh and then you just mentally assign dessert status do it it's my dessert now got it although the other day i i ate discipline straight yeah you were with me yes and i was saying it's kind of like doing a shot of of of whiskey because you know kind of you do a shot of whiskey yeah like you make it like a paste or just powder right now powder that i've ate the powder it's like the creatine days yeah yeah yeah yeah it's like that yeah it takes a better way to get it yeah yeah so yeah it's like the cool lady straight up can you get when you make the cool lady you go the look and made what's the oh man i figured i was about to ask you what that is and i figured out mid sentence nonetheless if or when you do go to buy these things you go to originmene.com that's where they are super krill join warfell warfare discipline get the subscription one i'm saying straight up do that sounds like a good call now that i know that the subscription is available that's like it's obvious that that's the way to go because running out isn't good no by the way like when you ran out of krill yeah i know that's what i'm kind of mentally drawing upon to kind of tell you guys is um very important also at originmene.com geese and rash guards if you are about that ghee grabbing commitment and you're gonna put on a ghee in the event of you wanting to put on a ghee or needing to put on a ghee you get an origin ghee all made in America also compression gear which is rash guards spats approved terminology approved which are what what's another word for spats let's say i'm just tuning in compression pants and pressure pants yeah again this is spats got approved because it's found out the root meaning yeah i'm done the last you get them from originmene.com i'm all made in America it's really cool stuff other stuff on their hoodies and whatnot anyway just go there if you like something get something good way to support also if you are into and i always say cat mainly the kettlebells you can't on it you know they have kettlebells you know on it right you know the cool kettlebells that did primal bells i don't set by the way i got to i got to pretty dope that's why i got the big big foot one then jockel thinks he's all actually jockel was salty that had a bigger kettlebell than him so of course he had to go buy more but nonetheless i got the whole set i kettlebells bigger than your kettlebell yeah but i got to i got the whole set very dear carabiner to of them together and start sling on him yeah i'm sure that's what he was doing for a while and he's like there's got a better way to compete with echo anyway there's other stuff on there as well actually i do mention as well maces and um there's like these little like they're called something bells they're like these little flat kind of leather weights steel bells is what they're called yeah something you know they want to vary up your workout you know deviate from the mundane boring workout that you might be doing right now go there get some cool stuff good way to support also when you buy the books that jockel reviews and also my book bikes had three books yeah books should i say team dog right yep had a train your dog the navy seal way also that the game then you said there's two others that were essentially the same book yeah so one others the same book seal team dog same you team dog the same as this young adult yeah well so there's uh there's try and can't unwares and there's navy seal dogs navy seal dogs is try and can't unwares but it's the actual yeah yeah so yeah so when you're gonna get that book don't worry i got you go to jockelpodcast.com in the book section it'll be by episode it'll be all these books and all the other books from other episodes all organized take it out amazon boom you click buy on amazon prime you get the book that same day sometimes sometimes good way to support if you're gonna continue to do do your other shopping you know that lawnmower that you're you know on the fence about the buy get that too also subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already iTunes google play stature any anywhere else you listen to podcast just subscribe that's a good with a support leave a review if you're in the mood i wouldn't say leave a review if you're not in mood no don't i've heard people say that like leave a review oh no matter what no well actually you know what i'm that's not sure if you have the capacity in your life and a good sense of humor to leave a funny review that's cool do it yeah that's don't worry you didn't yeah don't if you don't have the capacity in your life to because some people don't you know it's gonna take seven minutes right yeah there's gonna be miss spellings in there right you really want to post that no just walk away agree leave a review also subscribe to youtube because we have youtube channel by the way do you have youtube channel i do actually yep it's uh yeah you can get there off of micro and dot com also but yeah yeah oh yeah so subscribe to youtube channel subscribe to Mike's as well you if you don't remember right now i can tell you about 90% on the micro on the website i didn't put on there so i couldn't you tell you about it right yeah i watched a bunch of your videos on that i'm sure if you just put Mike ritlin yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah not to be confused with the other one what other one there's not another one there you go so i won't be confused right got you i got you no let's subscribe uh the we what we got the vision video version of this podcast and x herbs and deluxe x herbs so we're calling over right now okay are we gonna work on further jockey gave me good pep talk the other day in it verten by the way because you weren't well unless you was it seemed in it verten you like but that's the thing with this guy subtle like we're he'll give you a pep talk talk and you don't know that it's a pep talk at the time what sounds more calculated than ever yeah now that i realized that was cocky it didn't smile about it so yeah at the end i'm like leaving the hole we drove back from melee whatever and i'm leaving it and i'm like you have no idea what i'm about to do right now but to do all this stuff i got it all planned out or whatever and i was like yeah i don't think jockey realized like that that really helped you know what we talked about yeah he does no not really sure what you talked about yeah just you know i don't know that i just stuff i would say this wait and see yeah you know what i mean it has something to do with me being reluctant to post certain videos sometimes like gun shy kind of yeah anyway let let the hands go kind of let the hands go yeah yeah all the way in when gritsky quote of you miss a hundred percent of shots you don't take there you go yeah that was part of the conversation yeah well the last what that has to do is with is video so we're gonna we're gonna release a little bit more videos different types of videos but if you like videos in relationship to this podcast in any capacity just subscribe to the youtube channel also jockey is a store if you don't know already it's called jockey store jockey store i come this is where you can get jockey pad cash shirts discipline equals freedom shirts picked me up make sure it's on the jockey where is every single day and you know so my shkards on there some hoodies on there you know any kind of gear jockey jockey gear really is what it is a very good way to support also psychological warfare if you didn't know what that is if you're on the path we call it the path the campaign against weakness is what we've all we also called it and you hit those moments of weakness like you know you want to hit the snooze so to speak literally and figuratively you want to hit the snooze right what is hitting the snooze in life just like i can't do it right now i'll do it like it's snooze like the snooze button should say hit this button and destroy all of your cobs and dreams should it's hard as well i think it should say that but he hitting the what is that's like what like i don't feel like doing it right now i'll do it in ten minutes right can i give you a product recommendation of new joco product what do you got developed on this it's a it's a snooze button shot collar you can just shot out of you like it yeah or you can just you know what else you can do as you can hit the snooze button you can sleep in and then you can wake up 20 minutes half an hour later with that part of your life gone forever with your with your scheduled now being off with the opportunity to improve yourself physically and mentally gone gone can never get it back you can take that feeling you can brace it then you can just go ahead and next time you see that's new button you can get pissed off and get up and get out of bed and get after it yeah and you know what in a more maybe echo wave thinking about it too the you don't even benefit from the five minutes no the way it's a channel how many of you are in the course yeah i don't want to mention more tired yeah because it's not like you're like you can hang i need the nine minutes of sleep for whatever you know and then you're like you can hang that nine minutes really help me it's not like that the worst you said you're worse yeah yeah so don't hit the snooze button in the event of you needing help not hitting the snooze you listen to psychological warfare and this goes for any other little moment of weakness like if you're gonna skip the workout for the day we know those yeah yeah way we do it's part of life i think nonetheless i just got i just got my first like mad look for maco i think i'm not you got some before really well not not on the jiu-jitsu mat because you've looked at me real mad on the jiu-jitsu mat genuine anger by the way nonetheless you listen to psychological warfare it's an album with tracks jockel tracks jockel telling you why you shouldn't hit the snooze skip the workout he don't nuts don't know sugar good it's not the coded life yeah why you shouldn't procrastinate which is a big deal yeah you do actually procrastination i think is worse than hitting the snooze well it's the same thing it is the same thing it's a it's a it's a physical and psychological manifestation of procrastination without question you're snooze but you could also say procrastinate now go touch this button and actually in a way it's even worse actually straight up it's even worse because the snooze button at least has like 10 minutes later the alarms coming back on so you can say procrastination is an indefinite snooze but maybe you should call it the procrastination button yeah that's what it's called i don't know that's what it would be called on a jockel alarm clock yeah yeah boom there it is but that's what it's like logical warfare for a day hey look when jockel tells you in in his terms why you should have shouldn't do things it makes sense when you just said the jockel alarm clock the read one of the reasons why we actually made this was because people said kept saying only to make a alarm clock you should make a alarm clock well with this with the psychological warfare album you can take those tracks from the album and you can put them as your alarm clock if you choose to do that the big warning is if you're married you don't really want to do this too loudly because you're a rifle freak out a couple other things you can get jockel white tea you can get it on amazon and if you if you're looking to be able to deadlift 8000 pounds as a minimum we have people going above that now if you get jockel white tea it's a guarantee that you'll be able to deadlift 8000 pounds that's in there right yeah it's already been approved by the FDA the CIA double triple blind people yeah that's jocquawaii tea you know what straight up taste awesome makes you feel good books again Mike's book tried in canine warriors navy seal dogs team dog those are all available and and also some books I got some books for instance what if you wanted your kid to work out study eat good food change you jitsu and be highly disciplined what would you would you want that for your kid the answer is in there invariably yes you would so I read a book called away the warrior kid so your kid will start getting in the game overcoming fears overcoming fears for that about that one overcoming fears not being picked on making a plan following through also I just had well soon to come out another book it's called way the warrior kid too it's called marks mission now we go a little bit further what if you wanted your kid to take control of their emotions hmm wanted them to learn and understand the value of money and how to earn money and how to save money wanted your kid to learn about helping other people wanted your kid to become a leader but if you wanted those things for your kids well guess what way the warrior kid to marks mission it's available right now for pre order on amazon so check that out speaking of warrior kids also there's a 12 year old warrior kid named aiden and he has a business he's a businessman at age 12 he's making soap from goat milk on his farm he wanted to make good soap he said can I make jocquist open I said do it Irish oaks ranch dot com get some soap from aiden the warrior kid and I think I inadvertently made up the slogan for his soap it's a simple it's a simple it's here but there's layers it's amazing stay clean I've said that to you know I always said that that's an old motorhead song yeah or it's part of it's a with the lyrics of a motorhead song and and what I used to tell whenever somebody tells me all you know I've been drinking and I haven't drank for six months or I haven't you know I was doing coke and I haven't been doing coke for eight months I appreciate it or I was a drug addict or whatever and this is all like online these people saying the stuff online and and I always say man keep it up stay clean now I wasn't thinking about the literally staying clean but now we have a proper soap you know that will help you stay clean that doesn't mean to 12 year old kid with a business that's pretty impressive that's pretty legit it's like the furthest thing from my mind yeah you think about what you're doing to the club I would I would with my friend Jeff I would when people were going to put their trays away in lunch we would collect their leftover potato chips yeah and then eat them all you're gonna say it's like put it back in the eggs and we just we'd so we have a pile of potato chips on our tray yeah and we'd just yeah it was a different was I thinking about running a business was I think about trying to build a business no I was eating massive amounts of potato chips which is just other things where I was at yeah other than that I didn't even pay for I thought it was so awesome free potato chips yeah because remember when you're a kid like your parents weren't getting you potato chips all the time but I have a mound of potatoes it's almost more than you could eat but we did our best at eating them whether yeah so that's it that's a were your kid books also discipline equals freedom field manual get it for people that you actually care about and want to have better lives that's people that you want to win in their lives the discipline goes free and manual will give them a very good indication and the reason I know that is well let's not even take my experiences from my life but the feedback I'm getting right now people are getting after it they're losing weight or gaining weight or or getting more disciplined in their school in their life and the business is getting better so you can get that and it will show you how why because it's a field manual you don't know what that is echo I do my favorite kind of manual okay a field manual actually give you instructions in the military you weren't in the military you know nothing about a field manual hey if you want the audio version of that it is not on audible it's not on audible you can't get it there it's on iTunes it's on Amazon music it's on Google play other MP3 platforms it's now with tracks so that you can use that thing for your alarm clock too you can put it in your mix tape what in your mix what's it called it was played you put it in your play that you put it in your play list now you can just have it in there yeah so if you boom pick the ones that you like that hit you the right way also extreme ownership combat leadership principles that you can apply to your business and your life other people are doing it that's why that book is still on the Wall Street Journal best sellers list it's over two years old it's still there rocking and also with that book if you don't just get it to yourself for yourself get it for your team up and down the chain of command it's going to make your life easier if you put it up and down the chain of command if everyone your team is taking ownership we have a good team if you need some help with leadership at your company have a leadership in management consulting companies called echelon front we solve problems through leadership and we do it all the time and we do it all over the world me layfab and jpe to nail Dave Burke email info at echelon front dot com or you can go to our website echelon front dot com of course we have the master i i feel i'm gonna throw this out there the ultimate leadership conference that's what i'm calling it the ultimate leadership conference and really conference might not even be the right word it's just it's embedded knowledge sure that's gonna come at you it's an experience gathering together there's no green room i haven't said that lately there's no green room at the master that is a good point there's no bad no that's why i've reminded myself what because i was thinking about okay well why would people want to come to this well one reason is there's no green room there's no backstage we're out there we're with you you come to the master we're hanging out we're having lunch we're having dinner we're asking answering questions we're with you there the whole time we've done four so far they've also doubt we're only doing to this year a lot of people objecting to this we don't have time to do more we're only doing to wash in DC may 17th and San Francisco October 17 18th that's it we are not a rock and roll band on tour as much as i want to be sure because people are saying well why don't you come to Seattle and why don't you come to Milwaukee and why don't you come to Norfolk and why don't you come to Memphis like we're on a rock tour yeah like we're just making dates no this is the the only two we are doing wash in DC may 17th and October 17th and 18th in San Francisco those are the dates we can fit the master in to our schedule and like i said they're going to sell out so if you want to come register to extreme ownership dot com we'll see you there and until the master if you want to continue this conversation with any of us you can find us conversing on the interwebs on twitter on instagram and on that's facie boha micro-rittland is at m-rittland and also as he said micro-rittland dot com of course echo is at echo Charles and i am at jocco willink echo anything else no thank you actually i'm where you were at with the dog thing where it's like hey we can't get a dog maybe we got to be ready to get a dog you know my daughter's looking to get a dog she didn't know she's fat it's a big deal but i don't know man you know talking to you is kind of like yeah really i think i could do i don't know he's got a very influential i mean i can tell you you can't i mean it's like with anything in your life like do if you want to do it you'll do it yeah you got to decide i'm going to do it i'm going to do it right and you'll do it yeah you know but the only thing i would caution against is that realize that that's carving out a portion of your day a portion of your life that something else isn't going to be able to fill that yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's a you know prioritization component but yeah but yeah man so cool to me thank you thanks for having me appreciate it you know Mike you got anything else that's it just uh guys keep keep up the good fight i i am honored to be on here and appreciative of uh of your guys this time has been been great well Mike again thanks for coming on thanks for everything you've done while you were in since you've been out and everything that you're continuing to do today i know the dogs have saved a lot of lives yeah and appreciate that of course thanks all the service men and women out there and the augah had and yes throughout a special thanks to all the dogs out there and their handlers everyone in the military standing face to face with evil thank you for standing the watch for police law enforcement again and their dogs firefighters paramedics all the other first responders thanks for protecting us while we sleep at night and to everyone thank you for listening and sharing and supporting this podcast but most of all thanks for getting up early every day by seven negative and attacking the world with the ferocity of an angry working dog that is out for blood and vengeance go and get after it and until next time this is Mike Rittland and echo and jocco out