 This is Jocco podcast number 127 with echo Charles and me, Jocco Willink. Good evening, Echo. Good evening. Ewo Gima is to me, hallowed, blessed, spiritual, sacred, pure ground. If the spirits of the dead could speak, what would they be saying to me? Count off Marines and sailors, you of the vanquished dead. When your number reaches 7,000, we will know that you are present and accounted for in this your eternal duty station. Serve well. Your ranks are growing each passing day as some of us, your mates and war are coming to join you. Those endless hours of terrifying nights, the carnage, devastation and pain turned hope into despair. For the remnants of formerly dynamic human bodies that carried hearts filled with dreams of peace, home and loved ones. After the rush of battle, my eyes became heavy with tears. My body trembled with rage as I looked upon the broken bodies, the searing invasion of human flesh. After math of war, an elemental suffocating fear through and through my very soul. The intensely surging immediacy of the action was aggravated, no place to hide. There was not only an incompatibility between the Marines and the defending japs, but the very nature of this morbid little island. The sounds of battle, which were intensified by the human voice with all its emotions, are absent today. The moral revulsion that took place here so many years ago has been forgotten, except by those who fought here and survived, and those who lost loved ones here. And that is an excerpt from a book called Hell Yes I Do It Again, written by a man, actually written by a Marine named T. Fred Harvey, who fought in World War II in the Pacific Feet Theater, including in the Battle of Yuo Jima, where he was severely wounded for a second time. But he survived the war and has lived an amazing life and it is an incredible honor to have this hero here with us to share some of the lessons that he learned. Mr. Harvey, welcome to the show. Glad to be here. I've heard a lot about this show and I'm really pleased that you've invited me to come here and speak to you. Well, maybe you can just keep coming back because we'll just sit and listen to you. We got no problem with that sir. So I guess we always try and go back to the beginning a little bit and learn a little bit about you and I know you're grown up and your book has a bunch of incredible anecdotal stories about what it was like growing up in Texas during the depression. So, you know, I was talking to you earlier and I said people don't know what the depression was really like and you described it in one word, you said hungry. So that's a real thing, huh? During the depression. I was a real thing. They did a remember all the good times while leading and the hungry times when I was really hungry. I joined a Marine Corps. That's the first time I had adequate food satisfy the hunger within the day. So, and you grew up with a single mom for the most part, so I know your dad was doing good in construction but then the depression hit. The depression hit and it really hit the Harvey family. At one time the Harvey family consisted of eleven people. Nine girls, two boys, a father and mother. And my mother was a center of my universe. When I went to the Marine Corps and the last night there was been an oldest of before I got to boot camp. The train stopped in my hometown of Odessa and they had the band high school band and a lot of people from town were there to greet us. The conductor said we're going to stop for 20 minutes because the people of Odessa wanted to see you all. There was three of us going to the Marine Corps at that time. We got our girls there that were throwing kisses on me that had never dreamed of being able to even touch. Not about ready to quit the Marine Corps and stay there. Well, you know, there's somebody grabbed my ear and jerked me around behind the depot and it was my mom, Jesse Lee. She, my mom was a command she Indian and she was a warrior. She pulled me around in the dark of the night behind the outside of the crowd. So nobody could hear what she had to say. And she called me sunny because I was so bright. She put this hand up from me like yes or so. I could see it. She said sunny, you listen and you listen good. Yes, ma'am. She said number one, when this war is over, you come home to us. And don't you come home no drunken and you don't come home no coward. You know what that fourth one was. And you don't come home with no tattoo. And I sure don't have any tattoos. And that was when she sent me off to San Diego. And I'll tell you a little bit later in this session. She came out to see me and you know see the reason why she came out to see me. So you actually at one point and I thought those are real interesting things. It seemed like you got a lot of weight on your shoulders as a young as a youngster. And I'm going to go to the book here for a minute. I greeted my mom cheerfully. She avoided my eyes and this is just you coming home from school. I greeted my mom cheerfully as usual. She avoided my eyes and wiped her own with her apron. I noted with concern a puffy redness about them. She got up and went to the oven and brought out a baked potato and a big bowl of pinto beans. Thinking her I dug in. In silence, she entered that same bedroom. My thoughts centered wholly on the food. Without preamble, I heard aloud, the seatually desperate cry come through the closed door. No Jesse, not that. And that was your dad. With a gasp, I spewed a mouth full of food knocked over the small table and went through the door without benefit of the knob. In the dimly lit bedroom, I've viewed a scene of heart choking horror, a picture forever etched in my memory. My father desperately grappled for the pistol. My mother tried to bring down on herself or him. Without wavering her hesitation, I lunged her with all the force I could muster. I caught her with a fist to the side of her head. She sagged that the knees dropped the pistol and fell forward. Inert she laid down on the floor. I was horrified by what I had done. My father staggered back and slumped to whimpering into a corner. I headed to the bathroom and came out with a bath towel, sobbing wet with cold water. I applied it to her suffering face until she came around. Unsteadily, I helped her to her feet and then seated her on the side of the bed. All the while, dad remained in the corner to shaking to get up or offer any assistance. Two shaking to get up or offer any assistance. Sobing, I cried, why mother, why, why? With a clear steady voice she said, your daddy does not love us anymore. He has another woman. It's a lot of, a lot of, for a young kid to deal with. The saddest moment my whole life, I'll never forget that. My mom was a great mom. She held family together after he left us. He applied the floor to the board and I want the judges chamber with my mother. And the judge calls me and my father to come to him. And my mom was too weak to get up to get up to the judge. The judge said, Mr. Harvey, I'm granted your divorce. The six remaining children and their family will remain with their mother. And you will pay in the sum of 42 dollars for childcare a month for six children and herself. And that was the last penny my dad ever spent on us. And we just divorced him completely from our minds and so forth. I had nothing to do with him after that. And that was the saddest moment of my whole life when that happened. And it was interesting too. You mentioned later in the book that you could have gotten because now you were like the sole supporter of the family. You could have actually gotten a deferment from going to the war. And your mom, like, didn't give it to you or she knew that you wanted to go in the Marine Corps. Yeah, well, for while she held off, wouldn't sign the papers for me to go. See I was just sophomore in high school. And I was failing all my subjects because I was trying to hold down two jobs to hit my mom and my sisters. And it was hard times. It was really bad for her. But my mom held the rest of us together and I lived through it. And it's your mom knew that you wanted to join the Marine Corps? And she fought my own it. And one day my cousin came home and I went to the recruiting office with him. And he signed up because he was old enough to sign. And I took the papers home to my mom and she was at the close line hanging up where it closed to be dried. And I put that paper in front of her. I said, this is for you to sign. And she's just saying it now because I'm going into the Marine Corps. She laid that wet towel on the basket, walked down her to the end of the line. I'd built her a line for drying clothes. And there was some excess wire. Six strand wire. She took that thing and twisted it into a long whip like things. Came back to me, took my left hand, her left hand, and whack me across the rear. And I made a complete circle around it. And I stopped and glared at her. And I could see that she was a shed in tears. The first years I've ever seen her say it. They broke my heart. And I stood there for a while and she turned and walked into the house. And then I cried, I cried hard. And so about a week later I came home from school. And she handed me a paper that she had signed for me to go into the Marine Corps. And so that was the birth of my Marine Corps. How old were you? I was 17. I was 17 and I couldn't pass English. And so I quit school and joined the Marine Corps. But where were you when Pearl Harbor happened? So that was what a year prior? No, I was in school, but it was a Sunday day. And Jake Rhodes, my buddy, had a little coop right there. And we had dates. And we called her big birthers. The little coop was too small for all of us to sit, a breast of each other. So I said, on her lap, I just weighed 118 pounds since she brought out, weighed me by five or six pounds. And we heard that Pearl Harbor had been attacked. That was a day that I learned that I was going to be involved in a war because I had aged, you know. And so how would you heard about the Marine Corps as opposed to the Army or the Navy? I wanted to be a pirate trooper. And then I thought I'd go into the Army and be a pirate trooper. Then I found out that the Marines had pirate troopers. So I joined the Marine Corps instead. And I found me a home. Yeah. So you leave on that train. Your mom tells you, you know, don't be a coward. Don't get any tattoos. Don't be a drunkard. Yeah. And come home to us. These are good basic fundamental rules for a lot of people I think to follow. And you had an awful lot trained boot camp, which was right here in San Diego, California. Yeah. So I got through boot camp, okay. But a big problem when they landed, they landed up, they fitted out with shoes and clothing and everything. And it came to the shoes right there. They made it for me. And they said, son, you can't join the Marine Corps because you're a feeder too small. And I thought, well, gosh, he's not going to send me home. He's never been there. I wore a size five and a half shoe. And he said, we this don't make shoes that small. And so I had no pair of shoes that had worn out. She'd have been thrown away. And I play a lot of poker. I knew how to play poker before I knew my ABCs. Well, anyway, I came decked cards round all the time. So when I went Marine Corps, I had to use a whole deck. Putting about three into my shoes that had holes in them. My civilian shoes. They had holes in them. And they finally, when I, I'd always take the top bunk in the, wherever I went, what barracks I was in, you know. So I put my shoes on the deck under the bunk. The next morning I woke up. And it was, it's come out of taking a car, a tire, and cut out sold for me. I think it was about that thick, you know. So I had a pair of shoes that I could march in anyway. And then when I had to cut down my bunk, I had the other reason to cut down, you know, because it's too big. And so we're, and I had a lot of trouble because I was so small. And now the, at one time I was smaller enough that Ralph Hall, my captain, or my battoon leader, he was a first lieutenant at that time. And not for various, pick me as a runner. And so, whatnot, we were sitting around a campfire. And I said, why don't I pick me as a runner. And they said, well, he was so small, so you made a small target. And he was so fast to foot that you could run out, run any jap in the world. So that was a reason I was made a camp, a company runner. So you were saying that your mom, it's in the book to your, it's a great story about your mom, bringing you something to boot camp, visiting you, you've been bringing you something to boot camp. Oh, yeah. Well, it wasn't exactly the boot camp, is when I came back overseas and found out that there's going to be a, a demolition man in the salt squad. And the salt squad was composed of five men with specials. And I was going to be a demolition man. I spoke to carry so many pounds of demolition on my back and, and on front, I would carry my regular pack, you know, and so forth. And so I couldn't handle a rifle. So, out first I said, well, we'll try to get you a pistol. Because it couldn't handle a rifle with all that weight and so forth. And he said, we're going to get you a pistol. I waited around a week for a pistol and finally came. I said, the Marine court doesn't have any pistols any, any left. And so I was desperate. So I called my mom. I said, mom, find me a pistol. I'd like to have a coat, 1911 coat. And my mom went out and looked all over. Well, I looked all over. I said, the ego here for a pistol myself. And it's just one one that be had, you know. And so I called my mom and told her what I needed. And she, I sent her the money. I sent her $75 that I was one in a poker game. And I sent that tour and she went around all over town looking for a pistol. Couldn't find one until she came to a trailer house. Then close to the railroad tracks with a guy that had a gun shop there. So she went at the house trailer and knocked on the door and Mr. Armstrong came out and said, what do you need, mom? She said, I need a pistol. What kind of pistol do you need? She said, she took out the piece of paper that I've written it on. I called 45, 1911. And he said, I'll just have to have one of those. And she said, how much is it? And he said, $200. And she said, I came forward to that. He said, well, that's all I got. Why do you need such a big pistol? She said, well, my son is in a Marine Corps and he needs a pistol. And so he said, well, this is the only one I have, but $200. And so she backed all the door and went down the road. Mr. Armstrong came down and tapped us. She said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he's sent within the Marine Corps. And he needs a pistol. So she said, surely they can give him a pistol on. She said, no, they don't have any. And she said, come on back. We'll work up a deal. So she walked out of that pistol, cleaned up Cosmolene. And he had a $75. And she needed to get there as soon as she could. So she went down to the bus station. Got on the bus with a paper grocery bag in it with extra clothes, you know. And got on the bus. And 36 hours later, she got to San Diego. Now she's crossed, crossed. And those days, you know, military guys had priority. And she'd be in one place. He would bump her off. That'd come in, take a place. And she'd cross, you make her in there's on a, for 36 hours. Well, we were loading up to go overseas. And covered large and I were up on the truck with a bunch of sea bags. And Fisher, my sergeant at that time, was sitting in the cab with your driver and everything. So we went to the gate over here, camped in, and Kate Gorge said, Is there any marine up our named Harvey, Fred Harvey? And cover woke me up. I was asleep. What we up said, hey, they're calling for your named. So I looked over and I saw my mom look up at me. And I was a little, a dang real fast. I came off real fast. Well, after a while, Fisher said, We got to go, I want to let you mom sit and see, I'll get up with you all. And so we drove down town. And we was looking for a place for her to stay. We couldn't find a place anywhere. I mean, we tried every hotel and so forth. So finally, this is around 12 o'clock at night. And so I want to a place when I said, sir, can you tell me who we might find a place for my mom to stay hotel or hope motel or something? And he said, well, I just don't know of any place. So forth. I'll tell you what, I'll call my wife if you mother will stay with her, I'll call her and we'll go out there. And so the wife said, yes, bring her. Bring her out. So he called off of this, the police car came out and drove into the house. And his wife, well, well, come to us with open arms, you know. And she stayed there three different nights. And then I was able to fish with me all quite a bit at the time. There were three days that she was here. And then she finally had to put her on the bus. And he wrote a note making the priority. She wouldn't be bumped in anything when she got home. Well, that was a story of how I got my pistol. And it was shortly there after that you went on, you had it overseas. Yes. And that was on a formal, formal, formal, cattle ship. Is that right? That was the first time I went overseas. Okay. So you came back in between, in between. So that, you got the pistol after your first time going overseas. Yeah, it was the second time I went overseas. Okay. But the first time I went overseas was on the Bloomfun team. Okay. If you want to hear about the Bloomfun team, well, I read about it. And it's a pretty nasty story in many ways. Oh, that was a nasty ship. Really well-haused. But I thought that was the way it was. You know, I didn't see no shooting until I got in the Marine Corps. And so they put us on the Bloomfun team. And it was in a cattle ship, a Dutch cattle captain. And he was, he shipped, I mean, he transferred cattle from Australia over to the Dutch Holdings in the South Pacific. Well, when the war broke out, he had just dumped out a load of cattle. And when he found out that it was war, well, he headed for San Francisco. And when he got to San Francisco, he offered it to the Navy. And the Navy took it, made it into a troopship. They didn't clean that stuff up, it's pretty good, you know. They shoveled it out and they left a lot of stuff and they just painted it over it. Of course, when it started sailing that ship, buckleing and everything, and that cow dropped and just over for it, you know. And the bunks were stacked up eight high. And I was lucky, I was small enough to get in there without any trouble. A lot of those little guys couldn't get in. And the head, you know, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the bathroom is called the head, you know. The head was just a long shed from the bow of the ship back to the holdings, you know, where the captain stood and so forth. And what did happen, they made a train. What would we train? A train? A train? Yeah. I was there for a waterway, flowed down the thing, I didn't have a pot for you to sit on. What did you just sit on that pipe and then do you think and get up and leave, you know. Well, that thing broke down. And so here we were out at sea with no way to dispose of, you know, the droppings. Well, anyway, so the Dutch captain signed this crew to set, make things on the front of the ship, and it kind of like saddle. The others on the side of a horse, you know. He just go up there and drop your pants and sit down that thing and, and daughter would feed the fish, you know. Well, I was too biased for the go out turn, use that because there were 13 naval nurses on that same ship, and they set up her and I held the office, I was trying to hold off to the dark, because I was too embarrassed to go. But finally I had to go so I just went up her and drop my pants like the rest of them did. Well, you know, when you're floating along there, you're going up and down first thing, you know, but it's in the water and it comes by kelanda. And you didn't really need toilet paper because you didn't need them because it wasn't in the own there. That was a problem the whole time I was in a Marine Corps overseas with toilet paper. Oh, that was something. But that's the way we traveled there. And when you go through that, I was seasick. I was seasick all the time. They put me in a sick bay and for some reason, there were a box of high hole crackers in there. I don't know what it was doing on a troop ship, but they were so normally. And so I did a couple of those ever hour and I had had them, there were nobody else to get them. And we're doing that ship for 29 days to get the new Caledonia. And one day the ship broke down. He were drifting out there and we drifted for all probably 30 or 40 hours, you know. And we were taking bets as where we were drifted to in South America. And they passed the word out that we were supposed to keep our laugh, bailed on at all times. And keep your eyes looking out for submarines. Because we didn't have any escort. We just out there by ourselves and on a slow cattle ship. And we didn't real trouble. And we drifted for 72 hours. And they finally got to engine and go on again. So here we are going overseas. We didn't know where we were going, you know. And then we got a scare that there was possibly a Japanese submarine in the air. So we pulled into the nearest island we were close to, you know. We pulled in there and I fell in love with that island. It was a Taga to food. And it was when in the United, one of these things you see in the movies, you know. And we pulled in that bay and dropped anchor. And here the natives came out, paddling, canoes, and they had coconut. But pineapple, lot of fruit and stuff. And so I'm up our tours. And then we fought for those things. Well anyway, they came back that night and entertained us on the deck of the ship. We were sitting around there and they were doing their dances, the Hulada dances. And it was a beautiful island. I mean it is beautiful. And I swore up right there. She said to myself, Fred Harvey, it's not more in this world than no desu text. And I'm gonna see some of it for her I die. And so they put on a show and it last, they sung there, island song. You know what it was? You are my son, shot. And we pulled away from there and we got started. Then we stopped, went back. What's going on? Six guys had jumped, she'll. And she said, I'm not a gentleman. She said, I'm not a gentleman. And so we pulled out and finally got to New Caledonia. It's been 29 days. And we all took a little to finally get there. But that ship was a hell ship. And when we got there, they took us off the ship. And this is now in New Caledonia. And so you're a couple months out of boot camp at this point. Yeah, okay. And so this is the first place you stop and you're going to basically just for people that don't know. You're going to get to New Caledonia and you're going to kind of train and prepare for the air for going out and taking down some islands. Yeah. Well, there was two reasons. We went there. We were going to farm up with the rest of the troops. You know, the first parachute battalion was already there. In fact, they were involved in the Guadalcanale. And so we were going down and out of the replace the guys. So I was went through the first parachute battalion. They were 60 miles from the base that became in on. I can't remember the base that we landed at or the port we landed at. But it was a capital of New Caledonia. And the parachute battalions were stationed out about 60 miles from. New Maya. Yeah, New Maya was a capital of that place. And then once you got that, where you met, that were you joined up, you're saying, you're a parachute company? Yeah, I was assigned the first parachute battalion. Did you, did you, did you go to Guadalcanale? At this point, no, we went later. When we went up to our first action together after Guadalcanale was. We were supposed to go to the Velola Velah. So we were on our way up, we stopped off at Guadalcanale. Okay. And that's after Guadalcanale had been secured, you know. And so they let us screamage. We went up to find some of the old guys that had escaped. And we didn't see anything, so we didn't get the shooting, it's just a job. So we were there all a couple of days. And we got up for a child one morning, just about before son-up, everything. That was up front of the land. I'd always managed to get the front of the land for a child. Yeah, you mentioned throughout the book that year, a guy that liked your child. Oh, I love child. I was trying to catch up with the hunger I had then, it's during the depression. Well, anyway, we didn't land there, waiting to go in to get a child, you know. And then I heard a lot of laughing, carrying on back to the land. So I ran overseas what the action was, you know. And there's three, be Dragonal Japanese, just come out of the jungle and got in the land. And then in the officer got, it came down and they could speak Japanese. They said they were hungry and everything. So they took one part of the fed them. And they kept them there, I guess, as long as they needed them, they were washing pots and pans and doing work that when we left. And so forth. They got off light. And so as you were preparing to go now, you're working. You had a couple of guys that you mentioned in the book. You know, I'll start with the first one. I'm going to mention three of them. Major Fagan, Fagan, is that he's Fagan? He sounds like one tough customer. He was tough. I mean, he was, I was scared. I'd see him coming down, you know, the trail or anything like that. I'd jump in the jungle, keep with him. Because I was scared of him. Well, everybody was scared of him because he was tough. He just drove. He found out that Japanese marched with full packs and a 24 hour period, March 39 miles. He said, we're going to beat that. And we marched 50 miles with full packs out of our new Caledonia. And we would walk up the heels and trot down the heels. It came down there. And we went 50 miles. And I don't know whether it's any kind of record book or anything, but we was proud of it there. So forth. I don't know if it's a record book either, but I knew we're hurt. Yeah. Now you also, a couple of you tell a couple stories in the book about him. But he was, he had no problem putting people on bread and water. Oh, no problem. No problem. Oh, and in fact, I was put on bread and water. I had a buddy there. That was went through the parachute between with Miratani. He nearly got a skill thing. I won't give him his name, but he passed away several years ago. I don't want to say anything. We don't want to incriminate his ass. But he, when we was going through parachutes, go, his name, well, I'll tell you his name, last name, his name was Hormon. So when we lined up alphabetically and everything with Dad, you know, well, he's always rubbed behind me. So when we went to parachute school, we wound up together, you know, because over the name has been real close to one another. Well, anyway, now, when we jumped, the Marine Corps jumped from the plane, we dove out head first. There, theory was that when you jumped out and that parachute opens, you kind of swaying with it. Well, the Army jumped them out, feet first, and came down so far. So we jumped out, we jumped out head first. While we were training there and out here in Camp Gillespie, that's where the parachute school was. And we lined up and make our first jump, well, Hormon was behind me. Well, in the plane, we called it the Blue Goose. Now, we had to borrow that from the Navy because the Marine Corps didn't own any planes itself. So we used the Blue Goose. So they took us out there and trucked, you know, the guys that were involved in chair to go into the parachute school. And that truck driver drove us out there and the barracks, and the officers and everything was on top of this hill, and below was the runway, and that's where we jumped into that area. That truck driver drove up and stopped real fast. He said, they're fixing the jump because we weren't watched. And so we all jumped out of the truckers about 10 or 15 of us. You know, jumped out and trucked and watched them. He flew over a man here that come diving out. What I'm coming down fast here was a flailing like this. He's parachute didn't open. And so just before he hit the deck, that parachute opened, he had to pull out his reserves suit. Now the reserves suit was on the front. And it didn't have a pilot suit on it. So when you pull the rip part, you're supposed to pull out that silky itself. Well, it wasn't the silky. It was nylon. When he was pulling out of the out, just he got it filled out. He hit the deck and a Jeep was on this way down there. And they put him in that Jeep, put a parachute on him. Guy Mone on the plane. He was playing when a bird out he came and came. And that truck driver said, and you guys were going to go back to boot camp. And two guys got my corner truck. And I thought seriously about it. So I didn't know. And that's not a good initiation in the parachute jump. Yeah, that's for sure. Yeah. Well, we had to pack our own suits. We learned how to pack suits. And we, and every step you took in parachute, school, you had to be running. If you weren't running and all for an NCO, it catch you. You were in trouble. You know, so wherever step we took, we learned how to pack suits. And I got where I can pack a suit in 12 minutes. One day they said, you're going to pack a suit today and you're going to jump tomorrow. And I said, I'll better take a little bit more time. So it took me 30 minutes to do that. Well, that night. Oh, what was that end in the same, but was it paper? I was. I was in my platoon. You heard of I was. He was hit. He was hit. He was real quiet. And there was another end in there with him. And that night before we jumped. That guy jumped off and hollered. Gone whole, you know, and broke both of his ankles. So that ended his parachute. But I was. He was a good Marine. He was quiet, you know. He never, never said much. Not talk to him, you know, because my mom was a commander. He ended and I had some Indian blood. You know, I'm not telling my aunt, you know, and we became close friends. But he was so quiet, you know. He's a great guy, but this is quite. Well, you know, the history of what he did. What happened to the board guy. Yeah. Well, anyway, we came out and at first jumped, we made a jump. And when I came out, I dove out when my shoot opened. I was standing on another shoot, below me. Well, it's home and he should have been above me, because he's coming to the other. We didn't think much about it, you know. I just thought it was, that's where the jumping was like. Well, the next day, we jumped again. And we came up. We were tangled together. And, and their shoots, you know, went there. Slant and up like that. Air was going up too fast, you know. When holding the sheet of the bread. And when we hit, man, it was like a ton of brick hit, you know. Man, it hurt, you know, I think. That sheet hadn't, wasn't able to. Those shoots weren't able to hold us up. So we hit the ground pretty hard to jump masters and the guy on the deck watched and think they would have happened. And I don't know if they didn't ask anything of harm and, you know, it was always me they looking at, you know. Well, anyway, the fact is looking at me because I didn't even have boots on it. One time I was, where's your boots? I said, you don't know what I'm having. They were fit. So they finally got me a pair of six size and told me to wear four pair of socks, you know, let me. I was in the first boots ahead. Well, back to Harman. Well, the next time we jumped, I came out and bruised up and everything when we jumped up, I was, my shoot, the shroud lines and tangled up in my boots, you know. So I whipped up the K bar and I, and cut those two strands of rope being old. That was down. Just before I hit the ground, well, I got my feet down first, you know. They come running over to me and what are going on there? What's happening? I don't know. And so, what did happened when my parachute, when I jumped out, or no amount of the thing right there, I was facing the plane and my sad decline was playing out between my legs. And so that's where I went. I got tangled up in the shroud lines. Man, they came up early and they decided I was too light to be in, and, and the perks you know. And so, the sergeant over there at the law for me, packed our shoots, you know. He and Officer were talking to me and he said, well, he's just too light. And I was standing there talking to him. I said, I said, I can't keep me out. I want to stay in this outfit. I want to stay in it. And so, that sergeant, he said, why don't we put him in a Army Navy canopy. Now, the Army Navy canopy was only 26 feet diameter. And the ones we used in nylon, no one used it was 28, you know, just a bigger canopy than everything. So, this guy took an Army Navy parachute, took it out and put it on me. All the carriage, you know, I forget what to call it, you know, where you folded your shooting, put it on that. And so, here I am with a, with a parachute, you know, made out of silk, instead of nylon. And silk reacts much faster than nylon does. So, when that shoot opened, I got a pretty good kick out of it. Well, when we came out, and that day we were going to jump with weapons. And so, they gave us all a rising gun. You ever heard of a rising gun? No. It was about its worth of little, it was a grease gun. So, we called it, it was a terrible weapon. They outlawed them in the military right quick. Well, anyway, I had one of those. And when I went out the door, the Harmon hit me, knock my rising gun down. It went down the stuck in the curtain. And they, this is our fourth jump. And the sergeant said, they were considered just really dropped me. Send me back to the boot camp to be signed somewhere else, you know. I, with tears in my eye, begged them, let me stay, you know. Well, and then the sergeant said, I'm going to go up tomorrow and watch and see what is happening. And so, he went up there and found out what was happening. I hear we come down this white land and a few slugs of the plane, and then the white land was right there leading out the door. So, we were forced to come down and make a sergeant turn and die of out. Well, I was coming down there and going out the proper way. Harmon was coming down there and he was cutting across. And he was going through the door the same time I was. And it was knocking me against the side over there. And he's just knocking me out. He was a suit was opening for mine. And so, we got that straightened out. And that wouldn't only trouble I had with Harmon, but that's a different story. I'll maybe I shouldn't bring it up here. So, you actually talked about when you did find to get your first jump, everything went good. And you said, you know, I had never made first string in any sport because of my size. But when they pinned those wings on my chest and shoved the rifle into my hands, I had at last made first string. With that rifle in my hands, size no longer seemed relevant. I had made the team and found a home. The Marine Corps filled all my dreams and all my needs. Harmon actually ended up getting you in trouble. Yeah. Right. While you were in New Caldonia. Yeah. Well, I won't go into the pink house. But I do end the book, don't I? I don't know. Our day off was Wednesday. First it doesn't got Wednesday off. You know, they didn't let us all off at the same time because they didn't want to want another Pearl Harbor type thing because of jobs or still on the offensive at that time. So he got where he would go down there, every Wednesday. And he fell in love when those girls and they fell in love with him. Well, he went in there and he didn't get the bus. But last truck going back to base and he didn't get back in time. So he had the hitch hike. I don't know how he got there. But he got there about all about an hour after roll call and everything. So when he showed up, we're begging this pretty mom five days bread and water. Faking down. Don't play around. Yeah. Well, when you buy it, we'd buy us up more from the PX. You couldn't go in and buy one bar at Candier, one can of beans or anything like that. You had to buy a whole box. So on his third day, I went running up. Me, Joe Boy. Now, Joe Boy was a non-chocolate. You couldn't have chocolate candy in the tropics because it's in the milk. So they had this nugget covered with peanuts. And it's called Joe Boy. So I went by there one night and I opened up. And I was eating one of those holidays. I'm through the Bob Water thing. He was in a tent and it was kind of been a clearing in the woods. You know. He said, don't be one of those things. I haven't had anything but bread and water for three days now. I said, I'm not going to throw you guys against the root. I'll come home, please. I would do it for you this couple. So I looked around and took two of them out and threw them a little light. Carpool the guard. Fagging it, seeing me. Well, he came over and he said, put this guy in there. And out there's happened to be the corporate of the guard at that time. And he said, well, we can't. We're all packed up. You know, we don't have, they're just one buck. What thing you caught in there? And the rest of them are all packed ready to go. And he said, there's no place for him to sleep. He said, well, take that guy out and put this guy in there. And so the next day, I was sitting there. I don't really had a couple of little some bread and water. He came by with a box of candy. I said, come on, so many of them little things. I know, he says, no, that's against the roots. I don't want to get in trouble. So he never did so one over to me. Cold blooded. Now, you were going to get sort of written up for that. And Lieutenant Hall, who you, you got a lot of respect for. I'm going back to the book here. So now you're checking in with Lieutenant Hall, and he's supposed to write you up and put this in your permanent record. And he says, Harvey, he said with a document in hand, I was ordered to write you up. But I can't put it in your records as all the records have been stowed away to remain here. I'll have to carry this paper with me. And it will surely get lost in the jungle before we get back to civilization. Again, I got a knowing smile and a pat on the back. Now get out of here and forget what has happened. Get your gear in order. I think we're taking a boat ride. I gave him the smartest salute possible and said, thank you, sir. I appreciate what you've done for me. I think I might as skip to my tent filled with a deep joy and the deliciousness of being a marine. I left my troubles behind me and soon got to feel the thrill of combat. I realized soon after in the heat of battle that the harsh demanding training of that major, Richard Fagan, Sergeant Ott Ferris and Lieutenant Ralph F. Hall put us through paid off. We performed well under fire. Ferris and Fagan received wounds in the battle of Ewo Jima. Lieutenant Hall died in the battle of Ewo Jima. I shed bitter tears when I heard the news of his death. He was a great marine at Ewo Fagan earned the Navy Cross. As we fought for Bogonville, Sergeant Ferris did some amazing things for which he received the coveted silver star. Later at the battle for Ewo here in the Bronze Star and Purple Heart medals. Then he went on to win his second silver star in Purple Heart during the Korean War. Heck, this guy hung around to fight in the Vietnam in Vietnam in the 1960s. A marine's marine, I found serving with him a great honor, one of the high points of my life. Even today, 70-plus years later, we get together from time to time. What do we talk about? Of course, the war and our buddies that bygone era. So you had, I thought that was just a great leadership story about how Lieutenant Hall just said, Hey, you know what? We're going to shred this document and it never happened. And then you move to your first combat? Was it your first combat? Was it being in Bogonville? No, a bell of the bell was heard. What was going into bell of the bell? What was it? Vella, the bell of the bell? Vella, the bell of the bell. Well, you know, we were island hopping over there. What we would do would evade an island put in an air strip and everything. And to use to hop to the next island, because it didn't, when we were still, when it was really vacated, and they were all out, they airfield it, were you, but didn't everything. And so, Bell of the bell was one of those stages and everything. And across the bay there, I think, is something like 13 miles or something, was Colombe and Geral. Now that was just an island just sticking up volcanic island, just sticking up in the ocean. And it was, all the Japanese occupied it. And we took Vella of Vella and put in an air strip there. We landed there when I had my first taste of action. We moved in to the jungle and the C-be's was supposed to follow us in, you know, and start building there. Well, the C-be's was a tough outfit. They were getting ahead of us. And we'd had to go, she owned by, so they made an ask us, get on the, but snipers on their tractors. And that's what we did, never thing. But then we moved, when we were moving out of the beach, we had to send out our patrols, because we hadn't, when we invaded, we didn't run into any jobs. But we found that there were some uppours, so we were going to go up and attack them before they could get down and work over the C-be's. It were building the air strip, you know. And so it was so hot in the jungle, so thick. We had to have guys using matchets, you know, to chop our way through there. Well, we've last only about 10 minutes. Using those choppers, we get through there. It's just big blades, you know, just, you just chop through the vines. Well, we were staggered. I got with here, I was here, and another guy was here. And we were working our way through it. And the JAPA, Nam Boo opened up on us. And this JAPA was up in a tree. And he shot, and it killed these two guys within this line over here. And I was over here, so he didn't get us, get us all of three others. Well, anyway, then he went out to me, and I just jumped under the threads and the brush and everything. And I just crawled for one place or another. And I don't think he could see me, but he was probably to see the leaves and the brushes working. He just firing at me and everything. And so a guy, a big guy, I had an A4 machine gun. You know, that's an Eric Hoard, a 30 caliber weapon. And he had an F-best of love. And he was big enough and strong enough that he could fire short bust at a time with it and everything. So he said, Harvey, what tree is that guy in? And I said, that big one over here on the left. He said, that doesn't mean a thing. They're all big on the left and right. And so I said, fire, what I'll brought to, I'll give you directions where to go. So I got fired at me and they saw the way he was shooting out. So I always thought I could think of his name, this big guy, I admired him because he was a big, strong. But he just saturated that thing that A4 machine gun. And he sure now, if he came and he had a rope around his foot and that bamboo machine gun. That's first, that weapon I'd seen, that's first time I've been shot at, you know. So I remember the Nambo real well. Well, anyway, that was my first action and man I hated those, that was that machine guns. But if I had to go to war right now, I would get me a that Nambo machine gun. And there's a picture right there. That weapon was something else. I had a magazine in the whole 20s, shales and I ran across another one at the EWG, but not another story. But then you guys pretty much mopped up that first operation and there wasn't too much resistance. No, they went too much resistance. And then you moved on after that. Was that when you had a two boganville? Is that the next place you went to boganville after that? You got an interesting story about a boganville that kind of, I think's worse. You might be worth talking about a little bit because it's kind of shows how wars not always what it's made out to be in the movies. So here we're going. You're actually speaking a toilet paper and in this particular situation you were just done, get done, you'd gone to relieve yourself by a little house. And then you hear the order, I heard the order move out on the double. As I stood between the house and the banyan tree buckling my belt, something in the vague, misty light caused caught my eye. I stood and wrapped the basement as a guy came diligently down the tree. I could see that he had only a piece of cloth around his waist. When he reached the bottom, he bent forward as if to pick up a sandal. I watched an utter wonderman as this scene played out before me, just a little guy. When he straightened up, I stepped up and brought my rifle stock across the back of his head with a glancing blow. He turned as he crumpled and landed fully on his back. I looked down and to my horror found myself looking at a female instead of a male. Stoned and shaken by my act, I choked on a sob and trembled uncontrollably. What had I done? As I stood there bathed in pity and compassion, all hell broke loose. The shatter and clatter of small arms fire broke the silence, trying hard to choke back the sob's, I raced to join the firefight, glad to leave that pitiful, pathetic scene and act. An outnumbering force pinned us down all day. Although desperately busy during this time, my thoughts kept going back to the base of that banyan tree. At midday, our ammunition ran low, the sergeant ordered me back to the rear to find more. I veered from a direct path to the beach to pass by that tree of infamy. I found neither her nor her body. I quickly ran around the tree and under the house to no avail. I ventured up the steps to look inside the house, inside it looked like an infirmary or aid station, but empty. I hoped that I'd only stunned her and she'd walked away from the area. After the incident, I gave a great deal of thought to that lady in the coconut grove. Definitely of Oriental heritage, I wondered her purpose there. I thought of several possibilities. She could have served as a nurse in the Japanese military or a resident of the island brought there by the late lever brothers, soap company to work in the coconut groves. Also, she might come from Korea, one of the many Korean women kidnapped by the Japs to service prostitutes for their military. No matter the reason, I hope and pray that she survived the blow to her head and the war. In my life span, I've stored many many items in my arsenal of memories. The memory of that day so very long ago rests among my most vivid. The memorable events on that lonely beach on the far side of planet earth have not dimmed over time nor distance. It all took place because I crawled beneath the house. I think I lost the last vestige of the little boy within me, that day. Yeah, that was really tough on me. I remembered my sisters, you know, and thought that would be if they were hit like that. It stuck with me all these years. I remember that little lady in that jungle. That was another story. We were sitting up there. What was the name of that beach? Cory. Cory Beach. We had heard that the Japs were fixing to come up there. So we sent the first batted in that bar and accompanied the raiders. We went up there, left our base at about 12 o'clock and it was 12 miles up the island. And when we invaded it during the night, we waited until we get light. Well, there was a Japanese officer came in, walked into the group. I didn't see him because I was out on the flank. But if he was Japanese, he came down there, Holland instructions and everything. And he didn't know it was Marines, he had come ashore. He thought it was things because they were building up to invade that area where we were building the air strips, and so they shot him dead right there and then all hail break road cliffs. We were out, number 10 to 1. And when I finished with doing my job and hurting that little girl, well, I ran to catch up with the bunch, you know. Well, the first guy caught up with a whity mains. And he was in my company and everything. So we went on an upper and we was on the very end of flank. And we both had Johnson rifles. That's all we had to protect that flank with. And that's a week part of the land. And Holland came up there. Well, I'd say about 9 or 10 o'clock. He said, what are you all doing down here? You're supposed to be up there with us. And they had gone on up there and we were a B-cupney. We were with B-cupney and A-cupney was in the middle of the group, you know. And so he just said, well, stay here and I'll get a Nae 4 down here to protect this flank. You know, the flank is a week point of the land, said, I'll protect it. Well, it was a coconut girl that we hit into and they had a road behind that coconut grove. And those jobs were using that whole material up there to invade that air strip. And so here, why did you now we're on the flank there? And that's where we were protecting. Well, it began to send planes down there. And they were strafing that road that we were a strong add-along, you know. And those planes were coming hard and fast. They had to come up by protect us. They don't wipe us out because the whole regiment of jobs that are fixing that deal right there. And those planes were coming just one after another. And they didn't bother to put up the landing gears. They just left them down. And it's come along strafe. They've got bombs along the way. And we were on the very end. We were afraid there was going to start there. So, shooting for the gut that we could get out there and wave at them right there. And they'd go by, I said, you know, he had that as a start strafe. And we were there all day long. And the commander down there, at the database, told him to do it. It just ended up, uh, crashed to take us all. And they can answer, no, we're not going to be the first man. Uh, Marines to be pushed off of the beach. We were scheduled to be taken off at 7 o'clock. And that's when we were starting boards and no boats. So we were tired of all day long. And it was a long day. And Hall came up a few times. And we had Johnson rifles. We didn't have the n1 rifle. We had Johnson rifles at a 30 caliber cylinder fed thing. Didn't even use clips in them. Not only was the best weapon that had inside the, in the, in the war beside the Nambu. And Hall would bring us ammunition up there. And then he, if I finally come up there late in the afternoon, he said, You guys make this last because there's, we're nearly out of ammunition. And so, here we were. And there's couldn't do anything until 7 o'clock. So ships, he can go to the outer circle and waitin' for 7 o'clock. I guess, because then, odd fears came up, Bernie said, Now we're going to be taken off. We started to send them a clock and that's about an hour and a half from now. And the guy is next to you. They're in company B now. Because the mixup, you know, the white remains in hours involved in. Well, anyway, odd first told us said, When these guys over here, they're going to leave. And when they leave, they're going to hauler and let you know that they're leaving. You count to 50 as fast as you can and then get down to the beach. Okay, if we sit there and we sit there, we hear these boats coming in and taking off and shooting. And everything on it, right there, I said, why do you cost? What time is it? We should be getting out of here and everything. And why did you say holler it over to those other guys right there? And they didn't answer us. So I walked over there, they already left and didn't call it out. So here we were only two guys left on the beach, I guess. And we started running, well, I was pretty fast, so I took, why did you say? Johnson arrived from the kid, both of them down there and I still beat him down to the bus. I mean, he was, he was boat. But when the Higgins boat it was a, it was a boat. LCVT is heavier than the Higgins boat is all steel, right there. So here we are running down there and holler and don't leave, don't leave and everything. Well, odd ferris is on the deck and the ramp on that LSP was at about a 45 degree angle, because that was taking shots from the jobs and odd ferris was. They don't know he, and captain Hayes, he captain by this time. He was trying to hold us up and everything and Fagan was on that boat. And there's little cocks on the thing right here, we're moving out. We're leaving our, Fagan said he fought his way through the guys down there, put our pistol in that kid's hand, I just put this back on, I'm blue, you're, be paid off, so he put it back on there. And the guys at the round, they, they're telling us about what happened. And so here we are running and so forth. And I got down there and odd ferris took us to the right, threw them up and up there into the boat and hall got them to the Lord, little bit right there, thing and then odd ferris took us by our foot, you know, and he used to step on hall, put us on the end, and I got up here, or why they mean finally got there. And that's how we got off the island. But you held the line until seven o'clock as you were ordered. Yeah, yeah, the, it took about 30 to 40 minutes, I guess, to get everybody off there and we were the last two to get off the island. And I'd been on the beach before it night, not in one of the other beach again and Japanese territory. Now, once you got back on the boat, or you got back out, now the next thing to do is prepare for you all. Well, we got back, they took us, we got back on a destroyer and was headed back in to, to, impasse a ghost's bay that was on Bogotap, that's where we invaded, if set up a, air strip, you know, to attack New Guinea. But anyway, we got the word, I don't forget exactly when it got, that breaking up the pair troopers, we were just coming back to the States. Okay. And so we got back to the States and was integrated into the fifth division. Okay. Well, that's interesting, that you, so that this is, when you told the whole story about your mom coming to bring you 45, this is when this is now happening. Yeah, okay. And did you, did you guys just sail back to America? Yeah, we came back to America. It was on Liberty Ships. Okay. And they got, got just back to Pendleton. And we got a little leave, I don't know how long it was. It might have been 30 days of leave, you know. And we started forming up in the fifth division. And that's when I, when we got back, I was, I had what they call the, the crud, you know, broke out all over the body, just like having athletes foot on the whole body. And so they brought us back and another story, very, about throwing in here. We were, they snowed there at Camp Pendleton. And we lined up one morning to go into the child, and we were still about half dark, you know. And we were standing there and odd fares is out in front. And there's a group come marching up there, turned out to be women. And odd fares said, well, man, this man's out fit is going to pot. We have dogs in there, and then we have this group in here, and everything. Now we got women in here. She's as shaking as head. And we heard the old girl appears said, far too far in fact, another guy down here hauled back. Bam, bam. And those women nearly broke ranks, you know, going out to the, and I found out what, bam, meant, that meant broad ass Marines. They didn't go for that. So they, they want break ranks and come out of them. But, uh, that was when I first found out that there were women in the Marine Corps. It's an hour you're preparing, at this point, you're preparing to go back overseas, you're with the fifth, the fifth Marines. Yeah, high-end division. We're in the 26th Marines. Got it. Got it. And is this when you, is this when you met Basilom back here in California? Uh, yeah, his group was over there at the Child Line one time and several of the guys said, that's Barcelona, that's Barcelona. Of course he was my hero too, you know. So, just soon we got there, line up to go into the Child Line like Snickle wearing. I said, sir, can I shake your hand? He certainly got to ask you, my hand, my bag. And that was my experience with Basilom. Now, Robert Dartschit told me quite a bit about Basilom because they were. He was about, how far do you say we were? There were 30 years. Thirty years from Basilom when Basilom was earning his, a congressional Medal of Honor. You know, he was the first enlisted man to be awarded Medal of Honor in the Marine Corps and World War II. And then, you know, he came back, he was in praise and all bond drives and so forth. And he had it made, but he wanted to get back to the Marine Corps and work with the Marines groups again. So, we joined up and came back and he got killed at Igbo Jima. Now, it wasn't, and we'll get to that for sure. Wasn't, did I read that cover was actually Chestie Polars runner? Yeah, huh. Was that Guadalcanal? Well, he was talking about Guadalcanal all the time. And I had never heard Chestie Polars, or the cover started telling about it and everything. And Robert loved that. All the Marines loved the Chestie Polars. I'd like to observe the surgery, but I served under some good guys. Fagan was one of them. He was, you know, he wouldn't little like Chestie Polars was, but he was a patient leader of me. And then, what did he, so your back home in America for how long you back home for getting ready to head back over? Well, let's see. One, two long, you know, there. I had to go over there. I told you I had to go to the hospital and the treated for, we call it, Japanese crud. No Chinese crud. And it was just breaking out, you know, kind of like I always started kind of like athletes, foot all with their whole body. And the only treatment they put some kind of blue medicine on it, I don't know, and so I was over in the Malbo hospital for nearly a month, for I was released from there, where I got rid. There was a lot of us in that same position, you know. And then back on another ship to head back overseas, well, we trained over here for a couple of months, and then we was trained up for the go overseas, and we made a practice invasion of one that is Lyle and is off over here, and we invaded it, you know, practicing. And when we got there, we was lined up on the beach, and we kept sitting there waiting to be told to move on the end or something. We sat there and sat there and everything. Finally, officers came on and told us, we said, hey, we're going back on the ships. We had no receipts again. And so we went back aboard ship, and when all of you came over here to camp, Pettleton, and started getting ready to go back overseas again. And that's when I asked my mother, if I'm there pistol, and I said, and she came over. And then what you do more training in camp, that's the big island of Hawaii? Yeah, okay. So your name was called Camp Tauril. So we trained there, and I was, that's when I was assigned to an assault squad, and there was an emulation guy in that thing. And that was a quite an experience. And let's see. Then we trained and got ready to go to, to evil. And while we were training there at Camp Tauril, I was a big island, you know. It lined us up, I refusedy. No, I mean, Wednesday, and give us two cans of lucky, like, beer. Well, I didn't drink right there, but Carver loved that beer. And so I would give my two to him, and he would take and hide those, and drink his two with the boys, you know. And he swore me to secrecy. And he would go, I got to, so when he hit the island, the people with Gima, he was kind, 14 cans of beer. Well, anyway, I wanna weigh it over there. Actually, there's a picture in your book, and you got him with a little demo, such a long, but you say there's no demo in that satchel, it's all beer. Yeah, beer. And he threw away his gas mask, and had four cans of beer in that gas mask. It was gas mask at there. Bag, you know. Well, anyway, we heard on the ship, we listened to Tokyo Rose. You know, we liked listening to her, because she played good music, you know, and she's supposed to be breaking our boat morale down, but she doesn't have a normal morale. Well, she said, well, I hear that the Marines, she always said, well, the little Marines are gonna be hitting one of our islands soon, and she said, the better brain there, yes, mass. And we heard that, you know. And I said, cover, what you're gonna do, I'm gonna shoot you. And so, they didn't use gas, gas almost like goodness. Did you, when do you find out, back then, when did you find out, hey, the target is Ewo Gima, that's where you're going. When did you start getting that briefing? And know where you're actually heading? Was that once you're on board the ships? Yeah, we were on the board ship for, well, we got a board ship, and we sailed around, and we went and made a couple of practice landings in those islands and Hawaii, you know. And so, we went to shore, we anchored out Pearl Harbor, you know, and they gave us three or four hours leave off the ships, you know. So, it was a group of us together with Vannin, town here in Hawaii. This is not Hawaii though, is it? Yeah, yeah. Of course, anyway, we were all, then, and one of the guys in my group was walked around and, and golfing with everything, you know, on the island, and it's got name Lucas, in my group, when we walked around, he looked at, he said, there's my cousin over there. And so, we went across the street, and it was Lucas, his cousin, you know, what was his name? Jack Lucas. And so, he stayed with us and walking around, and everything, and we got to go back to ship. And so, we went back to our ship, and Jack and Lucas were still with us, and when we went to a boat, we got aboard, he went and checked in. He was on our boat three days out. I said, I talked to the other Lucas, you know. So, was he a civilian? Was Jack, was the cousin a civilian? Or was he another mariner? There's another mariner. Exactly. Lucas was a mariner. So, he just went aboard with us. And, he was there for about three days, and I said, you better take your cousin over there, and tell him that he's not a board to ship, where he's supposed to be with his outfit. He was going to be a replacement, and first division, but he wound up in the fifth division. What was that? In the 26 Marines? Yeah, he was in the 26 Marines with us. And he got hurt through himself on a hangar-nade, and our two hangar-nades, and saved him. His buddies, you know. And he got the congressional Medal of Honor. You've probably seen a herd of him, because he... And he was from Mississippi. I forget the name of the town. And I was going over to see this guy, and Georgia. And I went through that town, and I got past it. I said, I'm just going back, I can see a loot-kiss. And so I turned around as a turn around, just going back as hurt on the radio. That he had passed away during the night. And that was the last I've seen a herd of him, you know. And then, um, so you finish up returning in Hawaii. Now, is your next stop going to be E-Wo? Yeah, E-Wo, yeah. Did you guys know what the intelligence that you got, paint the picture that E-Wo was going to be a really, really hard fight? Did you guys know that going in? No, we didn't. We had no idea what was just another island. But when I, when it got lat, and I looked around, so I worked battleships, and just, so you weren't any more nervous for that. You just thought, well, I'm going to go do it. I've done the last few times. No, I was scared today. Fair enough. Well, you know, odd fairs and Captain Hall, I was a runner, and I was telling him before I'd ever seen any action. I said, I don't know how to be when we see action. I'm afraid it'll be scared to death and everything. And Captain Hall said, that's what you want to be. You want to be scared to death. He said, you should be scared to have to death. You know, there's no meaning to that being scared to death because I was just scared to have to death in a lot of times. You know, no, still alive. But they said, when you scared, when you're there, takes over, at dumps, adrenaline into your brain, and to your muscles, and you react, and everything. And I know that's what helped me because when I got hurt, I was, I knew what was going on, and knew what I had to do, but I still just scared it like it be. And that's what saved me, I think. The reality, did you already get, had you already been wounded at this point before you? Who you wounded in any of the other, oh, no, huh? So you're still, you're still as lucky as they come right this time. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. When wounded at all, now, copper had been wounded before we hit the E. We, he had been wounded at Groticanel. And he got, that night, the Barcelona was, did his thing, and he was about 30 or 40 yards from Barcelona on that land, you know, and the shield hit him, sort of they took him off, and he had, a lot of those guys got malaria. And he had malaria real bad, and they took him to Australia. And there was a ship there going back, and he was so, with that wound, they hadn't been able to treat it because the Navy took off with all the medical gear and everything. So he actually didn't see a doctor until he got back to Australia. And so he went back, got back to the States, and he wouldn't take a discharge. And they sent a corpsman back with him, you know, he was put on a merchant ship, he was going back, it wasn't a Navy ship, it was all the merchant ship, it was going back. And that corpsman said, they're sending you home to die, and they're going to discharge you. And so, a corpsman, he said he didn't know whether to believe that corpsman or not, but they sent him up to tell him a cargon, and there's, they had a blown station up, you know, they put big balloons up in the air, on cables, you know, protect areas, you know, military areas, the Japanese would probably suit if they tried to invade us. So he got in with cross, middle, cross, upper, at that time, and got him, horse fly, he's horse flyer. I can't think of his name, but he's from which style follows, and we nicknamed him horse flyer. He's always talking about horses. Well, anyway, they were up by a garden, a naval base at Tillamuk, Argon, and they was trying to get back to the fleet Marines, you know, and they wouldn't send them. So they was doing things that they shouldn't be doing. They wrecked a Jeep, and that was part of it to a head, and they said, you're going back there, far off to a rifle company. So that's where he got back in to a rifle guy. Yeah, that's where he want those guys, that are wrecking Jeep, put him right back in a rifle company. Yeah. Well, I, that's when I was putting the hospital in a little bit of a Chinese crowd, and lost contact with my outfit, and so forth. And I wound up with nails Copeland, and the barracks over there, nearly empty. And so I went over and checked in, and Copeland was a sergeant in charge. And he was the only guy in the whole barracks. And I said, where is everybody? He said, well, this is empty out. We were waiting to fill up again. He said, just go down there and find the bunk, and he was running in. I said, well, what room do you want me to be in? Well, the lower floor, they said, they're not three or four guys down there anyway. Just taking any, any bunk you won't, you know. So I flew around there and ate supper and everything, and got in in the bunk, hung by uniform on the end of the bunk, on the hanger, and I was sound asleep. And about 10 o'clock, last went on, all these guys were hollering and saying, and everything right there. I said, you guys knock it off and turn out that light. Who said that? Big boy. Who said that? Well, I said, I said, I get the last turn off. And here he comes over. Who are you? Who are you? So he come down there. He's going to fight me. So I jumped off that bunk, I was mad enough to fight anybody. So here he come. He was not much bigger than I was, you know, because he's been hurt, you know, and everything. And he saw my uniform. And I had my ribbons on there and everything. Hey, you're a combat Marine. Welcome aboard. So come on over here. We got some sandwiches and some beer and so forth. Come on over here and join us. I said, I'll eat a sandwich, so I don't drink beer. And so that's how I met Cobbardor. And we'd go on liberty together. And they liked their booze and and horse fly liked his booze too. And he drank pretty heavily. So to wind up, I didn't drink, so I haven't to stay care of horse fly. And they really had dates. And he and Cros, Cobbardor and Cros would go off somewhere. And I had to take care of horse fly. Well, we were out in Ali Grove or someplace here in Pursa, San Diego, I guess. Well, it's Pursa, they all ate, I guess. And we couldn't find the tax area anything. And I didn't know what to do. We couldn't find the place to stay with him. And everything. So there was an all-night movie going on, showing partner films. So we went in there. And we both went to sleep, woke up next morning. The others were still so in. So I got him out. We finally got home. And I was back to camp. And it was my experience with horse fly. A horse fly was killed in the Ewoan and Crosh, we're going to do. Let's see. And the book I told had a Cobra was going to dinner. Yeah, you did. That's, that's you want to hear that now? Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. I mean, you hit the beach at, I mean, let's just take it from you. You hit the beach at Ewoan. Yeah. And I mean, you weren't the landing at Ewoan relative to some of the other landings at the Marine Corps. Done at this point was, well, I mean, what was your, Well, before Ewoan, Japanese always tried to stop us before we got to the beach. And Ewoan, they let us get on the beach. Right. And that's when they really opened up with everything to had, and that was more effective than trying to stop us before we got to the beach. Well, we were on the beach and a lot of officers and NCOs were killed, you know, off the beach. So here we are laying on the beach and it's sloped and guys were laying down on that thing and when it was martyred, Martyred, we were coming in like, land, rain drops. When they'd hit and it's, it's, it's splurits that goes out and up, you know. Well, it was all laying on the ground and not with this, and vatin' or shells to come in and close to us, you know. And so, cover said, we got to get off this beach. So we started to hang it, Holland get off the beach run. So we ran, man, I ran and first thing they were on the beach on the other side, that's when I realized we were on a little island. And so we got over there and, and I heard that Holland been killed on the boat and I cried because I lived that man. I mean, he treated me like a son and outfares had been wounded too. But, uh, uh, uh, whole got off right on the beach and one of those sails got him. And I was, uh, we got over there and, and it wasn't, they weren't firing in that area so we spread that weight and for somebody to come out and take over, you know. We didn't know what to do. So I was laying our property up against a deal. And I heard his shot real close to us and everything. I looked around and, uh, and I couldn't see anybody shooting, you know. And then I looked over about 20 or 30 yards at the piece of tine, raised up and I arrived, we come out, shot some, I made another shot. So I told the guy and over next to me and he had a riot gun. We called him as a 12-gay shotgun with just a few miles and, uh, uh, cartridge, you know. I said, come on follow me. He said, where were we going? I said, we're going to go over and have some fun. So I said, as a snapper in this hole under this piece of tine, I'm going to raise that up and you just shoot, just shoot in there. And so I raised that, I don't know. So I said, yeah, we're going to have to find that guy cut loose with that shotgun, about that far, what a mess that was. That guy had never seen an action before with that, had the shotgun. He threw up. And, uh, but that's, that's the first real thing I did on, uh, on the wall. You know, a couple things that I wanted to just real quick ask about. One of them was you described in the book how the ground was literally hot from, like the lava and it was uncomfortable to lie down on. Oh, you couldn't lay on it. It's the steam heat coming from up to that volcanic ash. You know, they keep talking about the sands of evil, I wasn't saying that was ash volcanic ash. Like BB size, the old. And it's not saying. Yeah, and it was literally too hot to lay down on in a lot of places. But it was too cold. I was going to say, you know, in the military, we always get the worst of both worlds. Yeah. And it was too cold at night. Yeah. Yeah, it was cold at night. You needed something over it. So we'd lay something on the deck, you know, box or cardboard or extra blankets or something just to get off the. And then you put a poncho over that with whole the heat to keep you warm, but it wouldn't scholarly in it. No, yes. And then what about the, the razor razor grass? I've heard about that. Let me tell you when I heard about, we heard about the razor grass. My carthro decided he won't use paratroopers in the jungle, so you're guinea. And so they decided to send in a regiment. I forget how many are sent in. And they took pictures of the war and the land in the jungle. You know, they found this place at the grass in area. No trees in that part there and so forth. I deal with place land. So the jump in there and it was that razor grass. 12 feet high. And they had guys all cut up on it, run off the parachutes and just a grass was terrible. And two of them are killed in the jump and a couple of them landed in the jungle, you know, and they were hurt by that and then they told us, two guys were never hurt over seeing again. They never had to march out because it couldn't land a planet, plane and the jungle to take them out. And it took them six weeks to get back to their base. And they had to be, you know, fed along the way. They've had parachute stuff in two of them. And so for so that's when the Marine Corps said, hey, we're not using the fire tube. It was in the jungle. So that's when they brought us back to the states and put this in. Now, how long was it after you guys landed that John Bazelom was killed? Well, as well as I remember, I guess, is a first day. But because I had to go back get some TNT and the guy was with me. He had to get some napalm, you know, he's a flame thrower. And we saw this group of guys over there and the guy given the last rights to someone. What's going on here? And this guy said, Bazelom, this is just killed. And he was a sad moment for me because he, like, all the other Marines, he wrote to us all, you know. And that was bad. And then I heard that Hall had been killed. I cried again. I cried under shame, you know, because they made a lot to me, you know. And I just found out where Hall was buried. You know, he didn't have a family. I mean, a wife or anything like that. And I couldn't find out where he was, you know, where he's been buried or anything. And this girl that found this thing for me, she was a name. And I was a celebrity Phillips. And I'd been trying for 20 years to find this guy, you know, and what happened to everything. And I told her, my problem. And three days she had this magazine on the way, she found out the computer, you know, but it was all about and hours and days. And then she found out that Hall had been buried in, well, at first, they got so many days that the hospital ships couldn't take them and so for it. So they had to do something with the bodies, so they began to bury them there. And they stayed there temporarily for several years and brought them back to the states. And he was buried in no one of the plain bodies. He was buried here. And I mean, in Hawaii at the Ponce Boulevard, thank you, Rose. And I'm going to go over some day to be his grave because, you know, I found a second cousin to him. He works with the sympathy orchestra and Cincinnati. And he never met a royal, but it just heard his second cousin. And he didn't know anything about kin folks or anything. You know, as we progress through the battle here, you wrote about it, obviously, here in the book. And I think this description here is worth reading. So I'm going to go, you're out on patrol. You're trying to get back to friendly lines, daylight's coming. And here we go, I brought up the rear when we took off in a low moving dog truck, because lights come and so you're trying to make some movement here. We're not going far when, from within five yards of my five o'clock position, I heard the bolt action on a machine gun declaring the operator had braced it for firing. I'd heard this harbinger of death before. It stood as one of the hard lessons I'd learned of the jungles during the Solomon Islands campaigns. I recognized this telling sound of a nambu, a Japanese light machine gun. This deadly weapon could spit out a clip of 20 cartridges in less than two heartbeats. Damn, I hated that nasty little 25 caliber weapon. At that first metallic sound, I shouted, hit the deck. I landed on the ground at the same instant that a short burst of gunfire ripped through the air just inches above my head. I lay so flat on the deck that I could have crawled under a snake's belly. For Joe, the guy in front of me, luck had played out. He had taken one or more slugs in the back. The other man ran halter-skrouted, skeletal toward our lines. His headlong dash grabbed the attention of the nambu, and it continued to spit short bursts at this hustling marine. While this happened, the adrenaline and sense of reasoning within me worked in tandem each feeding off each other. My situation was critical. I lay in the japs back yard. My position exposed with only my pistol to defend myself. I took a quick peek at the inner body seven or eight yards ahead of me. Seeing no movement, I wreck and Joe had bought the farm. He carried an M1 rifle. To survive this untenable fix, I needed that rifle and a position of concealment. I knew that the nambu's clip held 20 cartridges, and the gunner fired in short bursts of three to four bullets. I figured he had only a burst or two left. He had one. When the clip played out, it ejected. The sharp tinny sound singled me to move, and move I did. I came out of that prone position like a bolt of lightning. Man in that span of eight yards, I could have beaten Jesse Owens. My plan was simple. I'd race by, pick up, pick up on a dead run, and try and make it to the line of boulders about 20 yards beyond. Damn. About a third, about the third step, I saw Joe move slightly. The plan had changed. I opted to take him instead. When I got there, I grabbed the back of his collar. Utter panic, poured raw journal and into my engines. I could never have dragged him that far fast otherwise. The rocks, as a safe haven, no longer stood as an option. We couldn't make it that far out. Out of gut-wrenching terror, I reacted on impulse, not rooted in thought or reasoning. With Joe now and Joe, we moved into a slight depression in the volcanic ash. No more than a shallow dip. It had to do as duty. It had to do duty as shelter for the time being. What a poor place to defend, and it offered very little in way of protection, but nothing else showed any more promise. By instinct, I hit the deck. My timing proved perfect. The rattling peel of gunfire passed within inches of our heads. Well, I figured we were safe for the time being. Then problems began to escalate faster than I could resolve them. So this is a bad situation you're in right now. And then you look down and you see there's a thermite grenade. That's that he's got on his gear that Joe has on his gear. And it looks like it's been shot or it's been hit with a glancing bullet. And it looks like that thing could go off at any time as well. Not only that, you got the bamboo being reloaded. So from there, I think you stick Joe with some... some morphing. And you kind of hold station. How long were you in that little depression in volcanic ash waiting? Well, the re-assimated, it was about six and a half hours. We were in that little deflation in volcanic ash. And it was kind of a sloped and then depression. And that bullet hit at that above us, you know, that was the only she could get, you know, and we were safe at that long as we stayed down. And on top of all that, you start receiving friendly fire from mortars. Mortars start going on. Oh yeah, they were. That was just normal, you know, they were throwing a lot of mortars sales in there. And the ships were firing heavy stuff, but not rotting that air where we were. And... What do you think, what prevented the Japanese from maneuvering on you? Were you just holding that position to the best of your ability thrown grenades and whatnot? Yeah, that's all I can think we could do. I couldn't move, so I just had... I hope that he didn't come and then when they gave out hope, I was prepared. I had to pistol, I was going to make sure that we didn't take, we didn't take a prisoner, you know, because at Velahavella, we were on a patrol and a platoon of us, and we met some jobs. And one guy was hurt, and we didn't know his hurt. We fell back a little bit, and then we realized that this guy... His name was Joe Sumpma, I can't think of it as a last name now. And the jobs had captured him, and we dug in for the night, and they began to torture him. And he was screaming and everything, and our officers, they don't move, don't move. We came and helped him, they're just trying to get you in position, don't move, don't move. And everything, we sit there and listen to him, and do the night. And in the morning when it got latched, we went and after him. And he was tied to the base of a tree with his penis cut off, and there was in his mouth, and they had taken strips of skin and pulled it off that long. And this really tortured him, something terrible. And we found out that they were royal menchurin marines. You know, Japanese had, in Manchurin had a colony up there, and they were bigger than regular Japanese. They might have been Chinese, but they were big guys. And we got back at him, everyone about 10 of them, I guess, in that group. And we found it caught up with them. But that poor guy suffered, and he was hard not to jump up and go, but that's what they wanted us to do, and they were going to come out of their homes. Because once we got in a park told it night, we were not supposed to move for any reason. If you had to use the toilet where you used a dug a hole in your hole, and those holes in the jungle, so that water would seep in them overnight, and you're constantly using your 10-cup to take water out, throw it out. But then the jungle was terrible, really terrible. You know, the conditions were bad. The mosquitoes were bad. Just jungle-fighting. I hated that. And he didn't get that. And he was jima, you know, I don't remember seeing a mosquito, or having a mosquito bite in. And he would jima. And with that in your mind, there's no way that you were going to get captured. You were going to find a mosquito bite. I wasn't going to be captured. I was ready to take Joe out myself, because I didn't want him to suffer like that either. Of course, I didn't tell him that I was going to shoot him, but I was ready to do it. You spend the whole day there, and I'm going back to the book. As the long, lonely hours ticked away, thoughts ran the gauntlet of my mind. Early in the wait, I resolved to go down fighting. I considered surrender out of the question and never an option. I'd heard and seen the results of the enemy's treatment of prisoners. No words can describe the pain and suffering the japs laid on a person before permitting him to die. While the political correctness might these days might frown on calling them japs, I'll call them anything I please. My buddies and I have that right. We have earned it. Yes, when a showdown came, I intended to see that the enemy didn't take me or the marine lying next to me alive. As my longest day, near the halfway point, through the din of battle, I heard my name called Dam. The voice of bullfisher, my platoon sergeant, boomed over the other noise. He had brought in a combat patrol to find us. Now you kind of link up, and he's trying to figure out where the Nambos located. We see you now throw. I did in the Nambu answered, giving away its position. The platoon laid down a withering barrage of small arms fire, putting the Nambu company out of business. Peter Adam got to me first along with several other guys. He directed them to put Joe on the stretcher and sent them on their way. He said, he said, let's get you out of here. I'll cover you. I got set to make a run for it, but as an afterthought, I told Pete that I wanted to pick up Joe's rifle. I took one last look at the shallow deflade in the sands of Ewo Jima. What a life saver, the dearest plot of ground that I ever occupied. Joe and I owed our lives to it. In a state of rage, Pete said, we would have found you sooner, but ski came back a blithering idiot. He refused to go back to show us the way to you guys. He reported you dead. Some of the guys wanted to shoot him. The bull sent him under guard to be taken off the island. And now I'm going to read an award citation. The president of the United States takes pleasure in presenting the silver star metal to private first class. Theel F Harvey Jr. United States Marine Corps for services set forth in this following citation. For conspicuous gallantry and intrapetity, while serving with company C first battalion 26 marines fifth marine division. In action against enemy Japanese forces on Ewo Jima volcano islands 20 February 1945. When his three-man patrol, which was sent out to establish contact with the adjoining company was ambushed by heavy fire from an enemy machine gun. And one of the men was seriously wounded, private first class Harvey dragged the fallen marine under heavy fire to the shelter of a nearby hole. Remaining with the wounded man, while his companion went for aid, he held off the hostile forces with his rifle and hand grenades until the arrival of the rescue party. Then exposing himself to enemy fire and directing accurate heavy fire on the Japanese position. He successfully covered the evacuation of the casualty. By his initiative, courage and unselfish devotion to duty, he undoubtedly saved the life of his comrades and upheld the highest traditions of United States Naval service. For the president John Sullivan Secretary of the Navy. Don't really know what to say after reading that sir. Well, that was a long day for me. But I didn't think of these reward. I was just doing what Marines had talked to do, you know. And I was surprised when they pinned the medle on me. You know, you talked a little bit earlier about what it was like at night. And I thought this was a really good section of the book. Here's the way we handled the nights on the front line. Once darkness said in, everyone went to his foxhole, order said no one left the hole for any reason. As I pointed out, we seated the night to the enemy. From caves and tunnels within our lines and units, these adversaries infiltrated in our positions. They sought to come into our holes and kill with knives, bayonets, or guns. Some simply moved in close enough to toss in a hand grenade if they found the occupants on the alert for them. So we declared open season on anyone moving around above ground. To combat this type of warfare, each foxhole comprised more or less a mini fortress within itself. The man on watch with weapon ready sat near the top of the hole so he had a panoramic view of his surroundings. This proved vital as the deadly nocturnal infiltrators came in from all directions. While on watch, you had to stay mentally alert, clear headed in response to any movement near your position. A moving shadow in the night presented a target to challenge with gunfire. I had the first two hour watch when tired, sleep, hungry, scared, lonesome and home sick, a two hour watch seems like an eternity. The constant booming of incoming and outgoing can't emblast filled the night air, intermingled with the ears splitting blasts, came the prevailing rattle of machine gun and rifle fire, interwoven with the blare and the clamor of these machines of war, you heard desperate human utterances filled with all the emotions that life allows. When you watch ends, the night calls on you to sleep, sheer debilitating exhaustion will put you to sleep, and the night is usually a restless troubled slumber. I'm going to continue on in the deep of the night after my second round of Sentinel duty, a staccato of pistol fire at point blank range startled me awake. I leap to my feet at full alert. I could see Massia crouched up beyond the dividing ridge and a horse whispers, I asked, what's up? He answered, we have a visitor. And get him, I don't think so. Where? On your side. Then I heard it. The dreaded sound of metal striking the wooden stock of a rifle. A Japanese grenade activates by whacking its firing pin against a solid object. This whack ignites a fuse that burns for seven seconds before detonation. Beyond the rim of my hole, hidden in the darkness and enemy soldier had to drop on me. I had no options or defense for the inevitable. Then I saw it coming in a looping arc toward me, a harbinger of death. The burning fuse gave off a radiant sparkling light like a kid sparkler on the 4th of July. I had to get it out of the hole before it exploded. With a sense of urgency enhanced by stark terror, I copped both hands together, I caught it in mid-air, and shoveled it over the rim of the hole out of harm's way. Sadly, the rapid burning fuse did not give me time to scoop the missile back in the direction from whence it came. Massia had my pistol, else I could have scrambled to the top of the hole, and possibly got some shots off at the adversary. But I could only crouch and wait. The interval didn't last long as out of the darkness came a notifying sound telling us they had armed another grenade and sent it on its way. However, this grenade showed some smarts. He held the grenade for about two seconds before tossing it. This delay gave me only five seconds to do my thing. Out of anxiety, I reacted too quickly and bobbled it. As I hit the deck, I kicked it at the same time, throwing up my arms instinctively to protect my chest and head. The kick and the explosion occurred simultaneously. My feet and legs took most of the strappin' and volcanic ash hatched by the blast. I fell to my butt to a sitting position on the slanting side of the hole. I felt very little pain in my lower limbs, but my head throbbed with the mother of all headaches. I had a deafening ringing in my ears, accompanied by excruciating pain. I couldn't feel or move my legs. I sat there stunned death and trying to recollect my notions. Another grenade landed within inches beside me. Without thought or reason, I hoisted my hips to come down on the glittering missile. This whittless act placed the right cheek of my buttucks on the device. My weight pushed the grenade into the loose volcanic ash, which absorbed a great deal of the energy generated by the blast. Now this one really laid some herd on me. I knew that I had to get some help quick like or I might never leave that pit alive. Help, I realized, sat about 25 yards away. I couldn't stand or even feel my legs, so walking or even crawling exceeded my options. Dragging myself with my elbows and hands appeared my only option, getting to the top and out of the hole took just about all my strength. Kind of like swimming upstream in the waters of a flood of a river at flood stage. At the top of the hole, I lost it. I either fainted or out of futility, aceted to death. I know not which lying there in that state of oblivion, and if the arrow entity began to take form in my mind's vision. Out of this ghostly apparition, I came face to face with the voice of my mother. She commanded, sunny, you wake up and get to those who can help you. Don't you dare give up. We all love you and need and you need to return to us. And then my former football coach, Joe Coleman appeared. And he said, Harvey, you sorry little shit, get off your dead ass and move out. There's hell to pay and you gotta pay it. I ain't ain't a haven, none of you're quitting. Now hustle, else I'm kicking your skinny butt. When the old coach spoke, it came out as demanding commands. You listened and you reacted. You know, I reached deep inside myself and find the strength and power to drag my failing body the last few yards to help and safety. Thanks, coach Joe. At the brink of the hole, I came to a hole to alert those inside of my presence. Before exposing myself to possible friendly fire, I called out Sam. I was Harvey and I'm hurt bad. I'm coming in. Now don't shoot. So, three grenades thrown at you in your hole. Fear, safety. Throw the first one back. Just kind of showered it back. I didn't actually catch it. I just showered it out. Just struck my hand. I got it out of the hole completely. But not where I should have, I wanted to go to back toward the guy that's thrown it. And then the second one, you bobble it a little bit. Lans at your feet. Yes, it landed at my feet. I kicked it, they kicked back to me out of the game. How many days this was six or seven days into the battle of this happened? The nine's the night. Okay. Everything's the same that the buddy, the darts, which we're going to do. And you were going to tell that story about how he got wounded. Yeah, huh. Which is, I mean, it's in the book. It's crazy. Yeah. You want to tell us how he explained that situation to you? Yeah, I'll tell you. He was a good Marine. I mean, when the chips were down, he played the game. He was put out front. He was a scout sniper. That was his designation. And he had then the hole with him. A young guy that had never been an action for a dandy crew. And then it was a BAR man. BAR, that's a browning automatic rifle. So there in the hole covers in his poncho getting a wrist. And then it was supposed to be on watch. Well, cover was sound asleep. And he was waking by a guy who was a gas cry out. And he rose the poncho as real slow-wank look. And he saw that a Japanese straddled dandy crew and they had cut his throat. What cover had is the K-born eye. But they're about beside him stuck in the thing. So he took the eye and was able to get the job in the back. And took him out of the picture. But there were two other jobs in the hole. And they didn't know that cover was under that poncho. And he didn't know that there was in the house. So he got to his knees and turned and those jobs began to ban it. So they got him in the chest. Got one long. They got him in chest three times. And he had his arms up. And he took him through protecting himself. And one job stuck his bandet. That was forearm here. He came out here. Went through the muscle here out here. And the other jobs put the same hurt on this on his left side. So here he is. Flexing his muscle. They can't drag the. The bandets out comes when he flexed the muscle. It tied the mope. And so he struggled in there. Well, I got back up on side of the heel figured. He saw this action figure that cover and then it grew that had it. So he throws a hand grenade down there. And it didn't go in the hole. But it must have done some damage to the. And the guy's at the bandet. Japanese, you know. Well, the Japanese were scared off. So they left. Scramble out the hole. And the cover was able to get his arms. He was divorced from the bandets. And it was then he cruls. B-A-R and shot those two jobs as he ran down the heel. And he was awarded this silver star for that. He deserved it. Well, as I told you before, cover loved his beer. When he hit the island, he had 14 cans of beer. Well, on that night, night, night, left. Of the night, night when both of us were hurt, he had only eight cans of beer left. Well, they finally get to cover and get him on a stretcher. And there's carrying him back. Now, this isn't a dark of the night. And they get him on a stretcher. And they take them to the rear for help and everything. And he's having trouble because blood is forming in his mouth. There's no use and so forth. But he's able to tell the guys, I'll tell you. I'll forget the sergeant that was carrying him. Right, but he said, when you guys get back, there's beer in my backpack. Plot, be dropping. They run back there. You got the beer and drank it while there's still in the hole. Come back. They can't find darts. It's dark. And he's calling out to him. And he can't be heard because he had so much blood in his mouth. And everything. So he laid down till dawn until it got light enough to find him. Well, he knows the tell list story when he gets around a bunch of guys that you have stolen that American Legion and veterans are far and far and far. And I'll take him over those from the hospital. I'll take him over and he tells that story. So this is my buddy. He knew that it got me killed. They're not telling the truth story. You know, he knew that he got himself killed. And he was a character and all that. He was really a guy. And I guess the lesson to be learned there is Marines love their beer. Oh, yeah. I love their beer. Now you get, and you already seen the flag be raised. Well, I think I was raised about the third day there, I guess. Well, similar like that. But I was on the fore side of the island on the other beach. I think I literally did that earlier tonight. Well, anyway, let's see. I just, I just, I just happened. Oh, I was working. There was a big cliff there. And there was a pill box on the side of that other beach. You know, we ran to the other beach over there. Well, there's a pill box there. And it was, they had a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a nambu I guess. We're firing at those ships that were sitting out there or small boats and everything. Well, we're sitting up there and, and this pill box is on the side of this slope and heel, down to the, down to the beach, you know. And so they load me on a rope to put a, a, a shape charge on the top of that pill box, you know, is concrete. So the door to me down there and I put a shape charge on that. And that didn't face that stuff. So they pulled pull me back up. And then I got with us radio that, uh, all that little ship out there. Let's see. So landing craft, empty LCI. And they had a twin barrel, uh, 40 millimeter mot, uh, deal up there. And they began to firing about there and they just pumping. They, they were bringing these clips with four of those shells on it, putting them up there. And this guy would firing and another guy would, we'll have them off. And they'd get, uh, and they'd laugh and then we'd be up. And they finally just drilled a hole in that thing that, uh, pill box exploded. We had a part here and they were cheering on the thing this. And later on, that they, uh, uh, we'd come up to a cliff, uh, a hill thing and every big door, uh, a cave, uh, on the side of that cliff. And it was heavy with wood and metal, so for. So I had to use, I was going to use, uh, uh, TNT to blast it in. So I put the TNT, uh, but the whole pack on the poles and I was carrying it. And I was going to come up the side there and the guys were, protected me, you know, around, and it, and it, and it, and it, and it, and it came out to meet me or anything. So I'm slipping up and I have my pistol that my mom had sent me. I had that mirrored hand and I had this, uh, charge of TNT on a pole. And I was slipping up on that thing from that, from the side. And I was going to put that, they were going to put the short views on it, and they blew it out. Well, as I was walking up there, a jab come runner from around the rock right there, and he had a band that had come charged at night there. And I took a pistol and shot him about three times in the belly. And that's the only time I had ever knew that I'd kill. That was my kill, right there. Nobody farted because other times when we'd see a job, it may be four or five of us spurn at the same time, you know, so you couldn't play, but that was my kill. They all cheered me back over here. And so I sit off that TNT, and it didn't phase that door doll. And so as I was coming back, we were looking at that guy's rifle, and he was out of bullets, the one that I'd shot, you know. And so about that time, heard a cheer, man that cheered you, just like somebody made a touchdown, you know. And a step back look up, a partner of that flag, it's just been raised. And I was about 50 yards I guess from the base of that volcanic volcano, that Sarah Bocchi. And I thought, man, the war's over, that we've won, but it went on for another 30, 30 days, you know. But our haze was one of the guys lifted that thing, not in you, him. And of course, at one time I thought I was on the guy on the island that didn't help raise that flag, because everybody was saying, I was one of those guys that raised just a flag. And that was one of the last things you saw as you before you got evacuated out. I know you talked about the book, you had them turn your stretcher, so you could see the flag before you left. Yeah, I'm fully evacuated. Yeah. Well, I was hurt, Lee Nardson, I was both hurt the same night, the night, but there was some discussion about, we were hurt the third night or something. That's just 40, 40. Yeah. Well, anyway, he was hurt the same night I was. And I was taken out to put on, well, I wound up in a long ditch that just used a bulldozer and nothing in the volcanic ice, just dug a hole there and it was about 100 yards long. And it just lined with guys on stretcher and the guys who were working on it. And I woke up and I'd been doped up, you know, and I woke up and I'd used somebody working over me. And they got to my boots and I wanted my boots, I was proud of those boots, my pair-triper boots, you know. And he said, oh, one of them's no good and I said, I want to make him be fixed and I was, I'm nearly in tears, you know, because I was hurt and I was on the influence of Mark Feene and stuff like that. So I said, I know, I want my boots, I want my boots, and so he took him off and I was laying on the stomach, you know, hug those boots right here, pulled him up to me, because I wasn't going to use my boots or so proud of them. And then I went out and the next thing I know I'm being put on a board, I was in the LST, I below an LST and they were going to take me off that board with four of the guys with a platform on cable. They started pulling up and one of those stretchers fell off. It was metal formed and chicken wire under bottom of it because it was a metal stretcher. And that went to the thing. And there's about 12 sailors on the Higgins boat and on the LST. Man they dove in there trying to get to that guy, but he just went down so fast and there's one he, one neighbor just saving. And so they pulled me around to the front or the rest of us around us about four or five of us still on there. So they pulled us around and they opened those doors on LST and the ramp down. That boat just went up, you know, that Higgins boat just went up by an ATK itself. Took us up on top deck, pulled alongside the U.S. The U.S.S. Ozark. Now that's a mountain. So the supply ships and troop transports were named after mountains. So the L.S. The U.S.S. Ozark, as well, was taken up there. And I was on the deck. It was raining and the doctor was going through and picking them out. They got to me and said, he said, take this guy in first, take him right on the end. And I said, I wanted to see the flag. He said, well, he's up front, right there. And just like a miracle that ships slid around on anchor because the seas were really rough that day. And it was raining and everything. But all of a sudden there's shafts of light and come in light coming through the clouds. And you could see that flag up there and I cried. And then they took me down there and I still had my boots. And the doctor, Dr. Anderson, he said, take him on in right quick. And so when they put me up on a table, I still had my boots and a corpsman tried to take my boots. Now I wouldn't get in there. You don't take my boots. You don't take my boots. And Dr. Anderson said, that him keep his boots. Well, the next thing I know, I'm in a room about this big. And it's in the room where the ships crew leowed. That's where they're boxing there. So I'm on a bucket of about four, five feet high here and then another buck below. But up there above, I could reach there's a pap's going through there through the book out up here. So I reach up there. Now I'm under an influence of something that should never been given to me. It wound up that it was, I was allergic to it. So I know what I'm doing but I can't keep for doing it. So I grabbed that pap and pulled myself off of the bunk and was going hand over hand to my boots. I was going to form a boot. So I was desperate. I was crying out. I was calling for my boots and everything. I looked back on that thought of as crazy as it would have been crazy or something. Well, anyway, I get to a door and above that door, the pipes went through the bulkhead up there. And so I reached up and then I was going through the other room and a lost it. I fell on the deck and I don't know what happened but I was on the deck. But I wound up in a big room. There's a big area on this ship. He's lit up and there was all kinds of cuts all around here and the guy was laying on it and everything. A lot of wake up and I'm thirsty. I've got to use a bowel movement and I was real moved. So I hauled real loud, corpsmen. There was no corpsmen and I didn't have any needles in me. You know, feeding me, you know, all that stuff. And so I hauled and all these guys had head wounds and bandages on their head. And they all hauled everything and we got what's going on. So I laid there and there was a guy next to me. And corpsmen, he was here, my head is over here. And I could see he was looking up at the ceiling. I said, hey, mate, where are the corpsmen here? And he didn't answer me. And I got real mad by them. I said, let me know what's going on here. So I hauled real loud again. And all these guys began hauling, screaming and everything. And I was shaking my head, mad and everything, hungry and this miserable. And so I gave up and I laid there for a while, we were going to have a little hurt, and it all went up. It all was about 30 yards I guess from me. And this big room, well, there was a truck or something over there, apart. And they used those, called tanks and trucks and tanks, or ships, but this room was well lit. And all these guys had this laying on pots, you know. Well, I heard this door slam and looked up. And it's Dr. Anderson, got it at operate on me. So I hauled real loud. Dr. Anderson, and all these guys, began hauling, screaming and everything. And he walked around out there and he just kind of shook his head and kept walking, you know. And then, man, I knew I was in trouble. I needed to help, you know. I said, I'm going to watch that door. He comes through again. And I'm going to walk, we're going to have a door on the left side. So I waited and sure enough about 30 minutes or something like that. I heard this door opened and he, Dr. Anderson, comes in. So I'm smart. I'm not going to haul or anything. The other guys, fade me out. So I'll begin waving. I'll begin waving. He's walking, kept walking, not there. Then I said, I had to haul. I hauled it again. Dr. Anderson, and all these guys, began to hauling. And then he stopped and kind of shook his head. And I was waving at this time. And so he comes over there. He said, we're harvey. What are you doing down here? I said, I don't know. He said, I've been looking two days for you. And I just presumed you'd been buried at sea. And he said, you don't know how you got down here. I said, no, I don't know how I got down here. So he said, I'll go get help. And I don't go anywhere. And I said, I'm not going all wait for it. While I was waiting for him, there was a group of about 12 guys came in. And I could tell they were doctors in Corman and everything. They started over here and they come to a thing. And they'd be two guys who had, they had scopes on it. Put them, these guys that were laying there. And sometimes they'd just sikter ahead and a scorman would take him off and put him on a stretcher and take him away. And they'd work in a long iron. God has opened it. Doctors Anderson would get back. And these guys would come to one guy right down in the shake him off and leave him there and go on around. So, Dr. Anderson came back down there. What is this guy going? I said, doctor, what are these guys doing? They're taking some of these guys out. He said, Harvey, these guys, there's nothing we can do to help them. They have hit injuries, brain injuries, and they're brain dead right now. He said, there's no hope for them. We can't do anything for them. So, we're bearing most of them at sea. And I said, I said, what was I doing down here? And he said, I don't know how in the world they got you down here. And I told them that what I'd done, you know. And they didn't know what to do with me. So, they just put me down there with those guys. And so, he said, you wait here. And I said, I'll wait here. So, he went out and came back with four corpsmen with him. And they put me on the stretcher and take me over to the door. And Dr. He got down on one knee and he's got his work and we're going to get it. I said, Dr. He, he came to help these guys in here. He said, no, we can't help them. There's nothing we can do. They're in God's hands. And I said, I guess I was in God's hands too for a while. He said, I guess so. So, we're going to pull into Guam. And we would be taking you off. You'd be taking back to Hawaii and so forth. And so sure enough, about an hour they took me off. She-up, Dr. Anishan came down and I think, I guess he saved my life. And then they took me to I eat the heights that Burl Harbor. And that's where I was. I was in a full body cast up to here. All of a sudden, they had split. Each leg had a cast over it too. All in one piece. And they put me in a room with this guy here. Now, when you, before we talk about that, I know you brought a photograph today. A big photograph of, you know, very kind of typical picture that you see of a bunch of military guys. And this is a picture of Marines clearly. And this picture right here is a picture of the first part in seat company, 26th of Marines, fifth of Asian. And this is your, in this photograph, this is your company that you went into Evo G. How many people are in this picture? 243. Two, at the end of the Bible after 36 days, I think, 14 of these guys walked off the island. Rest them were wounded, carried off or died. A lot of them were buried at sea. Because they had six hospital ships. And they filled up real fast. And they had to go to Guam and Siam Pan to be taken off, flown by to Hawaii. 243 started and 14 walked off the island. And I've had this picture for years. And one of them hanging in, used to hang out with my bed, never night, I would look at these guys. And then I moved in into a living room right there. And I'd get to watch it. I looked at it every day. Because I don't want to forget these guys. And I remember their faces, but it's hard to meet. They still put names to a lot of them. I like darts. I remember him. Peter Adam, remember him. Officers, I remember him. And just 14 guys walked off the island. And he was really close to me and lives and everything. And I'm not going to ever forget these guys. But we won't either, sir. Yeah. When you're in Guam now, you're basically in a medical ward, right? Yeah. I ate a house with the name of the hospital. It overlooks Pearl Harbor. It was built there after the war started, you know. And so I'm in this, and you get reunited with, with, uh, cobbled at this point, right? Yeah. You guys couldn't get away from each other. Let me digress here. I was put into a room in that hospital. I ate a height and I was put in this room with another bed and a guy in that bed. And he had a head bandage over him out there. And I was playing next to him and, uh, I couldn't see him and he couldn't talk to me and everything. So I didn't see anything to him and everything. And, uh, and the nurse would come in there and they'd take him off and bring him back out of the wall. And, uh, and he never talked, you know, never seen anything. I gave up trying to talk to him and so forth. I didn't lay in there feeling sorry for myself. And, uh, I hear somebody, Fred Harvey, you in this war just loud, you know. Not recognized, covered with wars. He has a boy, she's a carry, a pearl malle, everything. So I'm really, I'm in this room, it's not this big here, you know. I'm in the bed here, and the other guy's in the bed over here. And I raised up enough, and I could see a collar down there. And he's hollering, kept hollering, Fred Harvey. This little nurse ran down there and got in here to face him, and he said, You just keep your mouth shut down down. I mean, she really read him off. Well, I'm looking for my buddy, man. He said, he said, he said, he's in this war, but he's in a room on the end, I'm here. And so she pointed that him down there. And he came in there and I remember his collar, man. I was glad. Now, he's been his job like this, you know. He's arms and everything, you know, that it's taking over his bayonets. And he was pushing, beel crawls, who's in there. We were chair with one of his legs missing. And the cover was pushing him like this, and Bill was sitting there. I reckon he meant everything. So, the cover was standing there standing there in the door. And he said, what did he get? He's been holding this guy standing here in this little room by themselves. They said, well, because of the injuries, you know, and everything. Why aren't you out here with the other Marines? Was she when over and close the door, but she didn't close it all like it here. I'm talking to her. She said, well, you buddy over here, we don't know what to do with him. He got injuries and his legs are blood clotted, and so forth. So, we don't know what to do for him. And this guy over here, he's lost his face. He can't communicate. He wants to die. And he goes, I kind of scared me, you know, and everything. So, Cover said, put him out here with the other Marines, and he's right there. And so, we're in a burn in the nurses area right here, about halfway down the hall. That hall that ward must have been 70 yards long anyway, and beds are on each side. And nurses, beds right here in the middle. Well, they put me over here and put this guy over here on the right side. And Cover said, well, take those bandages off of his face. And the nurse said, well, he doesn't want them taking off. They said, take them off, right there. People are going to have to see him. He's going to have to learn to live with it. And so, a lot of scenes, when the doctor, and even when I looked over there, they took her. This is all gone. You can see the back of his neck back there, back well and everything. Only talking on his face was as he had his ears. And then, when they competed, you know, there's no way he could eat anything. And they just fed him like a repeating me too, you know, just intervenously right there. And they put him over and that guy, Cover would talk to him, you know, and said, take a bandages off. You're going to have to live without rotters. So you're with Marines. And we all understand and love you and everything. And so, he took off the bandages. And left them off. They don't, all these Marines come by in glance, they're in the land, sediment, and patty, you know, and so forth. And he, he, spirits rose, you know, and of course, you couldn't tell us that, you know, but you could tell about his actions and everything. So, Cover, this is a plastic surgery award that we're on. And the guy that headed up was named, like I think of his name right now. But he was an all-American football player in Wisconsin. And he's a big massive guy with big hands and broad shoulders. He was doing delicate operations on, on guys, you know, plastic surgery. And so, they didn't know what they could do with me because of blood clots. They couldn't start operating on me because most of the legs had blood clots. All up into my stomach and so forth. But Cover told me later that nurse had told him that there was no way that I'd live through it. And now I've been in there about a week. And Cover talked to this doctor. What was his name? He was an all-American football player. Anyway, he said it's, how are you going to fix it? He said, well, we're just going to have to build him a new face. We can't start on him until he gets strong enough to take it, you know, and so forth. And so Cover said, well, you have something that, you see, we got a little booklet over here that has six facial features on it. Cover said, let me see it. So he looked at six pages with six facial features on it. So Cover gave it to Harold here. And he took him to each bed and had a note on our written, pick out the best looking face in this book. So they all voted on which face he wanted to, you know. And this guy, you know, he was, of course, he was happy to be out with the other guys and everything. And he was there and the wheel shared a lot and go from place to place. Guys, come over and talk to him and if he had anything to say, you know, he'd write it out and so forth. And then they started operating on him. And they didn't know what to do with me. I'm still laying there in my cash. And then one day, the little nurse came up, she's from Austin, Texas. Not King, he called her name right now. But she was 65 years old at that time. And they were trying to discharge her and she wouldn't let them discharge. She said, I'm going to stay in here to lift the wars completely over. And she did. Well, she came out and told me, we think we've got a lot of found out. We've got a lot of information about the family. And she told me, said, does the guy, how the item in the New England medical journalist, something like that? And he was in New Orleans. His name was Filesht. And I remember the word Silesht because there's an opera written about Dr. Filesht. So I've remembered that name all along. And so she told the commander of that hospital, you know, that she wanted that guy to come over and look at me. So they went, got a plane flew him over there and they looked at me. He said, well, we can't do anything until we operate on him. And he said, I have a way, I think I'm not able to help you. Well, they came in there and they took a machine or vibratory or something. And cut the top of that cast off of me. And said, aside, then they put me on a table on my stomach. And Dr. Filesht put six needles along my spine. And you know what a football or basketball needle looks like. Needle about that long and little head on it, screwing into a pump. Well, anyway, that's the way that those things looked. You know, there's needles built like that. They weren't the real thing. But that's what they were. Well, they stuck on those long my spine. And then they put some kind of fluid in there. And I thought they'd put gasoline on me and set me a fire. God, I did burn the, I thought I was on fire. I ate, but I thought they started killing me really. And they said, no, that's just a symptom. They're not burning up in everything. And so they gave me about six of those treatments. And the legs began to clear up. These all in the blood plush. And then the doctor started operating on me and plastic surgery. And they took skin off my legs and put it on my butt. Never thing. And then they took a picture of me. They looked like my legs and my butt was worked over by a diet that made tattoos on guys. They looked like a doctor had tattoo artists had to fowled up. And this thing, my whole backside was just black. And it was that volcanic ash. And so they got me up, got me fixed my legs again to throw out. And they came in and asked me where I wanted to be taken to the hospital. And the closest one to my hometown was Carpenter's Christian. And they were 900 miles. And so this doctor said, hey, Harvey, how about coming to New Orleans? We have a hospital there, a neighborhood hospital there. And I can look after you more. And I said, well, that's great. So I was in the hospital, sent down there. And Carpenter had been sent before I, he had left and gone to the east coast. And so they put me on plane and flew me to California. Well, that plane was a cost of lation. And that's what it was used for, it was a hospital thing. And we got nearly halfway home and that plane developed problems. And so here I am with a bunch of other guys that were, well, I was only one of them. It was on a stretcher. And so the nurse came and there and put things around me and gave instructions to all these other guys. Well, because there's a, a plane to go down. And so they decided it was one to the point of no return. So they turned around, took us back to Honelulu. And all these hooligans, medicine, and I thought we didn't, that coming in, vacation, they put on a sofa. And then they fixed the plane and finally got me over to, well, what's that town across the Bay of the Alifat-Mal team, like San Francisco, what is the name of that Alameda? Yeah. And that's where the landed me right there. And they put me out on the tour back and I had my hands over my eyes. Like that, the sun was shining right there. And somebody kicked me and said, you're a little biker, the word in the hell of a band on a cup of the scoffer. Well, he had been taken to another hospital, further down the coast about 20, 30 miles from there. And he had been hitchhiking for the last three weeks hitchhiking over every day to meet these planes that were bring guys in. He finally found that. And so they took me over there. I can bring up the name of that hospital. He was the end. Well, I can't, so it's something important. So the doctor wanted me to be brought back to New Orleans. Well, in cover, we're still there in California when I left. Well, I was then, and I got pretty good shape, you know, I walk around with a cane and crutches at time. And I heard that there was a farm outside of the over across the river in Al Jers, please, the Anna. And then, Navy has an ammunition dump over there on the river across the river. And they let Marines go over there and they have rehab, but you know, get better and then take care of things on the farm. And so I heard about it, and I begged them, let me go over there. So they let me go over there with a stipulation that I would take care of chickens, because I can take care of everything else. And so here I went over and I was taking care of chickens. And they had these white leg and chickens and great facilities for a living. They never got on the ground. There's on wire chicken wire, you know. And they had oats or something, our planted seeds thrown in there. And these chickens are walk around and eat that green as it comes out higher now. Well, I would gather up the eggs and take a man and do a match, you know. Well, the guy that was taking care of that got real mad, because that was a cushy job. But this is only job I could do, you know. And so I was taking care of the chickens, you know, and feeding and so on, and form a safe and everything. I had a bucket full of eggs and I'd take them over there and then take them up, naval base, eating place, you know. And it took care of all the eggs and so forth. Well, anyway, I was out there and had a bunch of that. And I had to walk normally using the cane and I heard that. I harmed Santa right there and got a screaming and I looked up and it was lead arch. He set up on the cow by the truck and they were hauling, sloping the cafeteria, you know, and it was covered. He found me and he told this story. Well, he was shipped to an area up on the East Coast. Do you remember what that place was? Well, anyway, he was taken up there and he was discharged. So he tried to buy a motorcycle and he called my mother and found out where I was. So he was a physician and he said, don't tell her Harvey who I'm at and everything. And so he couldn't buy a motorcycle and he didn't have enough money. So he hitchhiked down there. So he hitchhiked down there and took him three days to get down there. And he got his uniform was soils, you know, and he'd been in it for about six days. And so and he's one of these guys that men had to be dressed completely. Then that picture. We tell him that he was only marine that ever invaded with pressed down during the release. All that. Yeah, and picture of the book where it shows him. Yeah, from behind you can see the beard and his gas mask. They need to also see that his uniform is pressed and starched. Oh, yeah. And he had his initials. I mean, his name, stencils of dawn is, is spade, you know, and trench into. Well, he hit. He took him six days to get down there and I was about three or four days. And he took him to get from the East Coast and the New Orleans. Well, it gets the New Orleans. And you know, I'm going to work on. Or I'm, I see this New Orleans on a naval base down there. So he has no idea what to do and everything. So he goes to a tailor shop, cleaning place, you know. And that guy cleaned his uniform, you know, and pressed it and everything. Because he needed to look good all the time. So he was walking around having no idea what to do. So he saw a red cross car parked in front of a building right there. And it was a red cross office right there. So he walked over and looked, it was the lady sitting at the desk. So he has his discharge papers and everything. And he, they have to see back outside and say, walked in there. He looked around, you know, like he was being followed. He got it closely. He said, I've got to find a man now, more or special mission. And I've got to find him, you know, it's a real critical thing. She said, I'll help you. She got fired up there. And she found out that I was over there. I ate a heights at the Naval Ammonition base over there. And so she said, I'll take you over there. She'll see clothes up his office, her office. And in covers, holding his discharge papers on there and looked around. You know, it's a see bag put it on there. And she goes down through town, you know, and running stop lives. Because she isn't that thing that big red crosses on it, you know. And he gets him down there through the ferry boat. That's where they had a bridge built across. So, and she had called over to base and they had a van over the meeting, you know, and everything. And so he pulls the car up and that, that ferry boat was waiting on him. And so, cover got out and he hugged that lady and she had tears in her eyes. She did her part for the country. Oh, yeah. It's obviously a grim issue. So he gets over there and this guy is in this like, the other. He looks around and thought, should be on that. And he's like, I'm going to ask my workshop, you know, the PFC. And so, this car had a siren on it. So he turned on the siren, the running down to the town. A little town across and got him to the base. And he was going to, the guy was going to take him to the headquarters office. He said, oh, no, I can't stop by, I've got to go. And I'll get down there or somebody. So he's standing there and you see this truck coming around the corner. And he's just coming out and he had two barrels of slopp from the mess hall on it. And they tell him, say, hang on there. And he said, I'm not getting up, I think it's million flies around that everything. And so he, there's two guys in the truck. So they put him, they take the, see if I can put it up between them. And then he gets up on the hood and sits on the cowbrother. And when they get closer that farm where I was, they began to halt their horn and how the cowbers stomping the hood of that truck. Holler and my name and everything. And I was so happy to see him, I cried. He came up right. And I was really glad to see him. You know, it's like losing the best friend in the family and then. And so here I am and I'll take him over there to the sergeants and then charge over the farm. That, that, that honor that farm when the war started. Don't need it. His farm plans to be used to build ammunition dumps. You know, they're worthy dump or, or, they're, they're, they're the mounds where they dig into the ground and, and had their thing. And it's about 50, those mounds along there. And so this sergeant, got a king thing for the name. This is in charge of the farm, you know, because that guy, wanted to farm by, just like it was, after the war was over. And they had to take care of the, the, the horses on there and the pigs and, well, the hugs and take care of the house and everything. Well, they had, they was using the house and there were six other marines in, I beside this sergeant, that was, that was in charge of them. So, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, when, a sergeant, and I was working on a wheel on a tractor and I said, hey, this is Lee Darts, he's my buddy, and he just got into town, can he stay here? He said, yeah, he can stay here. So he took this in to the desk right turn and gave it to him a card, you know, to get to him in and out of the guy that's already left. So here, covers the other, another name and he's owned based without, not even the Marine Corps anymore. And so he was going to help me with the chickens. And so we took over the chickens and this guy, big over it, he was the guy that had the chicken job, which was the best job on the farm. He had to give it up and he was mad at me. He wouldn't even speak to me. So here cover was and owned based with a card, you know, letting him get in and out of the base. And he was just another Marine, he just didn't join the pay, you know. And so we stayed down there for quite a while. And we decided that the chickens, some of those chickens weren't doing a job in the conversation, we need to call out the non-layers. So he called a vet that had been there and asked him how he decided which one was layered. And he said, well, put two fingers at this point and everything. We got the wrong information and we took it wrong. And we killed a bunch of those layers and it cut the production of eggs out. We got in trouble. They brought me in because the cover couldn't go before the man, you know. And they were going to be in the house. You know. And they were going to send me back to the hospital and really mad and this sergeant was at, he said, well, let him stay and I'll put him on the house. And so they put us on the house. That's the worst job on the deal. So how long were you down there at the hospital and at the farm in total? All probably three months. And then that was the end of your career. You got discharge at the end of that. Yeah, from the hospital. Yeah, I was discharged from the hospital. And so I was free to go. I want to read that. I found because that introduced his cover and what they meant to each other. Yeah, that's a picture of you too. And I guess this is the day you were discharged. Yeah, they took us out this lieutenant and this sergeant drove us out to the edge of town. And I drank a cold and a cover had a beer. And they both, these guys, slumed this. And that sergeant in the sergeant. He was in the end tears. He ate the seals go. It says our faces are bathed in sadness. We had just been medically discharged from the Marine Corps. The Corps, which had been our home, was now just a memory. We loved the Marines and thought we'd always serve the flag, but circumstances intervened and left us homeless. We now faced an uncertain future. However, it didn't mark the end of the friendship that had been forged and nurtured by war. Like brothers, we have remained close ever since. Let's see it. Yeah, there's great detail in the book that you've got to tell even more stories. And it's great to hear those. And I definitely anybody should get this book and it's available right now. And I gotta say there's two versions of the book and the version that you want to order will have it on our website so that people will get the right one. It's called Hell Yes, I do it again by T-Frent Harvey. And it's got a blue cover. And the other version of it has a similar title. Just get this one. That's in blue. What made you decide to write the book? Well, people wanted to hear the story right there and I had taken a lot of notes. And so I decided to write a book. But it kind of hurts me because I quit high school because it couldn't pass English. Well, you did a great job because the book and reading the book, it's a great read. And then you spent, you spent, once you retired, you said you coach football for 45 years and work with kids and you still, we're telling me, you still work out every day. You still get after it every day. Yeah. Yeah. I have weights in a apartment and I work on own weights. And I want to run them in a scene where you pump and paddle and I stay in shape and eat the right kind of food. I wanted to die happy. So I'm saying they're good to help. And that's awesome. You know, I wanted to close out by reading one last little piece of the book. And yeah, I'll just do it. And this is, we went to visit Ewo Jima. You went back to the island in the early 80s and this is something that you wrote as you were leaving the island after you went and visited the place where you had fought and where you lost so many friends. And the book says, for each and every wave that has crashed upon these shores since those days so long ago, a mother has shed a tear for a son who fought and died here. Many of those mothers at this time have gone to be with their sons. Here, pride took over. You screamed loudly and ran straight ahead. Its notoriety was written in blood and courage. Apps and are the sounds of battle that emphasized the human voice and all its emotions against a backdrop of roaring cannons and small arms fire. The engines of war are silent now. Ewo Jima today offers an innocuous view and start contrast to what took place here in the winter of 1945. The hurtful and injurious qualities that it supported those days so long ago no longer are in evidence. Yes, the engines of war are silent here, but man has cranked them up many times since in other lands. Ewo today still offers a landscape that features a rugged courseness. Everything that took place on this spot emphasized strength, power and courage. Time and its helpmates wind and rain have erased the scars of war on the landscape but still it presents a paradox with a rugged beauty about it. Time on the contrary has not healed the scars left on the hearts and bodies of those who fought here. There's nothing so brutal as when men point their brutality toward each other. My plane is rising to take me back to Japan. I look down on Ewo as a new day is having its beginning. Loneliness and sadness have crept aboard. My heart holds many unsaid words as I can't put into words the fragments of my thoughts and feelings. Thoughts and feelings that I can't ignore a pain of un-reasoning desolation. I'm engulfed by a gray veil of sadness I leave with mixed emotions. I'm glad that I came while I regretting the return. Though great distances separate me from this island, the thought of it is always just a heartbeat away. I'm determined not to ever forget the man I marched among. All my tears will not ever wash away the memories. Now in the twilight of my years, all I've got on my yesterdays and the whole arsenal of memories. And hell yes, I do it again. Once a Marine, always a Marine. That wraps up. I'm going to be a Marine. That wraps up the books or I don't know if you have any things else you want to say before we wrap this up. I think you've just said it for me that I love the Marines and I know that at some time in the future, I would join those Marines and we will march through eternity with each other. It would be a homecoming. Thank you. Thank you, sir. And obviously, thanks for coming on. More important, thanks for your service and your sacrifice for our great nation. Well, it was an honor to serve the U in this great country of ours. And God bless the soul. Thank you, sir. Thanks for coming on. My pleasure. And Mr. T. Fred Harvey has left the building and that was pretty, pretty incredible. And thanks to everyone of you listeners for giving us the opportunity to speak to these incredible heroes and share their stories. And none of this would be possible without your support. So, if you do want to support this podcast and actually at the same time, you can support yourself. Of course, that's kind of the way we've set things up. Echo perhaps you could show us the way to properly support. Sure. Of course, be happy to. Alright, first way is originmain.com. So, origin, that's a company, our company, Pete Roberts company in Maine. So, it's called originmain.com. Anyway, this is where, okay, first thing you want to do to support yourself. Support in, by the way, joint supplements. Cruel oil. That's to me, and everyday supplements. Actually, both all of these are most of these everyday supplements, I think. Yeah, there's some that might not necessarily be classified as everyday supplements. Yeah, like the milk may not be everyday supplements. Well, I think that'd be different. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's like maybe good, baby, couldn't. Yeah, yeah, I guess it's nothing. I would say that one that I would say discipline. You don't need that everyday. Straight up, krill and joint. Yeah. Drone more for a krill oil, yeah. That's daily. So, krill super krill oil to be not displayed here, but Jocco super krill oil is a krill oil supplement. And when the people ask me still now, hey, there's fish oil is krill oil. What's better? Krill oil is better, not just because I like it better. Factually better. This is why. Has more antioxidants. Better absorption. Better meaning like numbers wise. And I can go into why you want me to. I will. I'm not really sure, but I'm not sure. So, though, maybe three is the Omega 3s get attached to your phospholipids. As opposed to in krill and fish oil, they'll make it three's get attached to the triglycerides. So, very bad. That method of delivery delivers a higher percentage of Omega 3s. Boom. Into your situation. This science just stopped. You had limited science, but that's something. You understand how it works. If you know that as a fact, unless I'm lying, which I'm not, you know how it works. It seems to be. There's a different between me saying what I know. No, no, no. You feel better. That's what I know. That's very unscientific. You feel better. Wait a second. Honestly, if I came to you with a book and explain this to you technically, what would, what would have more weight? Me being like, hey, here's how this works with the phosphogenic materials moving through your membranes. Or if I was like, bro, you got to try this because it works. Yeah. Which one would carry more weight? With me, you, well, no, with me, I think the book. Oh, I believe the book Trump's article. I've seen the reason that you're making an action of really good point in my opinion. You know, the whole, it's like a social proof, right? So that's like a real thing. But you started to become parallel because I told you to. Despite everything in the past, I thought you just didn't have to. I'm saying, well, you know what, you're absolutely right. And actually, I'll do you one better. Actually, you'll do yourself one better. You told me to take krill oil. I took krill oil. My father and husband took me to tell me to take krill oil for a decade. Literally one decade, no krill oil. I wasn't busy listening to podcasts. I hope not. Because otherwise you would trouble. I literally disappointed. Nonetheless, I thought you, what it does, it keeps your joints healthy. Healthy joints are happy joints. It's for us joints being happy because this is a little jingo. It's true, but it's true. Anyway, yeah, this is one of the things where it's like, it's like, it's a marked. When I say, it's not the kind of like, hey, I just feel better. It's not that. That's real ambiguous in my opinion. When you're like, hey, I just feel better. You know, I just feel better. You're like, all right, but I, you don't like to do a lot of things. I can make you feel better. Like you get a good TV show on that'll make you feel better. Technically, technically, technically from most people. You better not, you better not. I mean, the last you see, the only thing you see them saying, when you watch a good, let's say, good TV show. Okay, you watch Hawaii, if I vote. Yes, you're saying you, if I, I mean, I'm not going to speak for you. If I watch a TV program, the whole time I watching a good TV program, there's something nagging in the back of my mind that's saying, like, you could be doing something else. You could be improving yourself. You could be making progress somewhere. You could be prepping for a pot. You could be doing another workout. You'd be swinging a kettlebell. Yeah, I'm not sitting there going on this channel. So awesome. I feel so good about it. Am I right or wrong? You are right for yourself. I can see how you could think that. So you're watching a TV and you're pumped up, like saying, you're, okay. Yeah, that's cool. Well, here's the thing though. You still watch that TV program? Yeah. I mean, there wasn't on this week this last week because that's the last season finale was last week. So, you know, we're off. I don't know if you still watch it after the intro. Yeah. You're insident. Anyway, you, by point is, if someone says, it makes me feel better and the way they say it is a real general way, it's less compelling than them saying, like me, in my situation. I'm like, hey, when I woke up, freaking, I did like practice perfect form, and getting up out of my bed for my back, not to bother me, super bad. To the point of it, I mean, actually admitting that it's painful. Actually, it's not painful. It's just like, you know, you just gotta get it. Yeah. And my daughter would jump on me back all the time. I'm not on your back. Yeah, it makes you talk right here. Sometimes, yeah. Anyway, take real oil, boom, six days a week later, boom, my daughter would jump in my bed, no problem. I fly out of bed like I just warmed up. Now what about your life? Same deal. See, and here's the thing, I didn't look as much into the scientific part of joint warfare. Speaking of science, why don't you explain your arm injury before? Yeah, joint warfare. Current. Yeah, so this is pretty compelling. Very compelling. So same deal, this is the anecdotal situation. We're okay. Some of us may know, I tore my bicep, tendon off the bone again. Again, again, the other side now. Hey man, that's a bicep life. It happens anyway. So yeah, this is what you're slabbing proud. The way you explain to me that because your biceps are so massive, it puts extra tension on the tendons and that's why they got torn. Even though you're explaining it like it's your hard done vibe, but in the reality, as you kind of get a big smile on your face all proud of the nuns. Anyway, no. I'm proud of the joke. Okay, okay. Anyway, is that real though? Oh, I think here's a more accurate way of putting it. So yeah, it's okay. When you train biceps, right? Typically, typically, then some people, people train biceps. But typically, you don't go all the way down to straight, like no elbow mobility and then all the way up with a super heavyweight. You just can't do that. Unless you train that way the whole time. So the button corners and training in a way. You can do it in a big, and I dig it, you know, yeah, so. Now the coffee is they're cheating. That's what the formula is. Yeah, it's the 90s weight body building. So that's all. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So when you develop strength in your biceps with size and all that stuff, when you develop the strength, the strength, exist mainly on a certain part of the curve of the range of motion, right? So, but that strength is still there big time. Your biceps muscle is super strong. But when you extend it to this flat, you still kind of have that strength in the muscle, but down there, it's like, I don't know, it's like the stability of the structure just isn't as much enough. Was your arm fully extended both both times fully extended and me just just relax flex flexing already. I just going too hard, you know, at the time one was an tournament, which obviously makes sense because you're After it and the other time I was just got too excited training with the training partner, I've been training with for a long time. And the feeling escalation, yeah, yeah, fire up. That's glistening here, but anyway, nonetheless, tore off the bones, bad deal. It's not one of those deals where it's like, oh, I pulled my muscle, whatever this is. So you gotta go in and they cut it open, whatever they stretch it back down, they staple it, whatever back to the bone. Actually, they drill in your bone. He told me this is the drilling your bone, make little holes and they staple it inside the hole. They staple it up, they staple it up, they staple it up, they staple it up, they staple it up, they staple it up, so I got that less than a week ago, by the way, less than a week, literally. And so I'm like, all right, I got a, you know, I'm out of the game for a little bit, I got to get back in this quick as I can. I up my dosage of joint warfare, crude oil stay the same, joint warfare, double, actually didn't double it almost double. I was taking two a day, now I take three and in the morning and then two at night, almost double. So I do have a basic comparison because like you said like we know, I had the exact same injury, exact same injury on the other side, same surgery, same everything. Nine years ago, by the way, I wasn't like I'm older now, so that's something to, so this recovery, like given right now is like way quicker. Like this morning while I'm putting on, I'm putting on pants, origin pants, by the way, I literally forgot I had the injury just for a second. Just for a second, you know, you're just like doing it whatever and we're not even a week out, we were not even a week. Because you were laid up for a while for the other one, nine years ago, you were young buck. Same exact injury on warfare. Boom, yeah, and nothing, nothing, nothing. To me for that is more compelling than you explaining the science behind it. I'm not saying, I don't believe the science, I'm saying, I'm talking to you right now and I've seen this with my own eyes, so that's, to me, makes more sense. Yeah, this makes sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's, it's to me, I'm more surprised, like my wife gets mad at me. It's like you're injured, you're injured, you're gonna this and that because I'm just like cruising, tick off the slaying or whatever, who's around lifting weights, not with this arm, just like it in that action kind of doing push-ups. They're like push-ups on it. But yeah, it's like, like there's no pain, nothing, no inflammation. Well, very little inflammation, nonetheless. You know, I think the like what do you call it? The scientific kind of information versus the peer approval, you know, what do you call it? It's called something I said it earlier. Nonetheless, like if I tell you, like, oh, this works for me and like legitimately, if you're a skeptic of the whole deal, like if you're like, I don't know if this works, then the scientific, like, well, for some reason, yeah, if there's some reason for me to be telling you like to do something, yeah, like go to a psychic. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, and then I'll be like, no, but I year done for doing that. And then you see some scientific literature, then you get more compelled if it's all. No, I read the scientific literature and obviously as we're putting it all together, it was like, alright, let's get the right stuff in there, which is stuff that I used from other supplements in the past, but combine it all into one, there you go. Boom, alright. Jockel supplements, also speaking of which discipline, this is the one you mentioned that you don't take every day. See, I've been doing this take it every day. Dave Perr. Dave Perr. Dave Perr. Dave Perr. Dave Perr. Dave Perr. So which is kind of something, which is kind of something because Dave is one of those smart guys. Dave is kind of one of these guys who's like, he's in the cheever. Yeah, he's his brother, by the way. Yeah. So if he's doing it every day, there could be something to do that. That's what I think. Another one of those, he, the way he talked to me about it, he felt like it got all crazy. Like big smile and was like, I got it on it. I was like, I take it at this time at night, that way I could go and down and it gets me all the time. I was like, dang, Dave. Dang, even though Michael did this to caffeine? Yeah, no microdose before you go to bed. Well, he's probably used to the caffeine that's why I said, well, no, he doesn't. He takes it far enough, I had of when his family goes to bed. He's like taking it and then he gets a couple hours where the good solid output. Yeah, yeah. And then he goes to the output. Yeah. He's a weird thing about caffeine, just as a side note. But I've drank a coffee before and went to sleep. Almost like the coffee put me to sleep. I'm not like that. No, because you don't drink a lot of caffeine. Yeah. But if you drink a big coffee, like the one I drink, I'd like to drink me during the muster because we're getting limited sleep during the muster. Even limited for my standards. Yeah, I take caffeine. I take, I take, I take, I take this right here. I take this right here. I take Dr. Goi-T and I take the discipline. But you just keep drinking it. Yeah, I drink a lot of it. Yeah. Because, you know, busy. I'm like, coffee, you figure what? 15 per serving, milligrams. And then so like one of those things I was drinking. I don't know not today, but the other day is 300 milligrams. That's that's just done. So that if you sipped on that like over, you know, a two, three hour period and just drink the whole thing ultimately. Fire them. You will be fired up. No, there's times where I drink like tons of red bull and just been like, Yeah. Yeah. Which is why I try to taper off the heavy caffeine. Yeah. You know, taper off the heavy caffeine. Like that's why I don't make beverages that have 900 milligrams caffeine. Because it doesn't, it doesn't. And you don't need that. You don't want that. You start getting, it starts having other effects. You start getting, like, you talk too much, right? You talk too much. Actually speaking of talking too much. I just met someone that came to role. And they were like, oh yeah, you know, it's really going to meet you because I listen to podcast. You know, he's like cool. And then we rolled and we talked a little bit. And he's like, you're just like on the podcast. And I said, well, I mean, yeah, I mean, it's like just we're hitting record as we discussed things. And then I said probably the biggest difference between me and the podcast and me and real life is that in real life, I don't, in the podcast, I talk the whole time. And in real life, I actually don't talk very much. I talk a lot less. I should say. I should say. Yeah. Yeah. Especially with people I know know, with people I know know I'm not very conversational. When I know someone that I'm cool to talk, but so if you put 200, 200 milligrams of caffeine rather than 15, you'd be talking it a lot. Yeah. If you get to your whole thing, yeah, well, it would be making me act out of character. I'd be influencing me in a negative way, I believe. Yeah. But if you can just get in the zone, yeah, it's sharpened as a mind. I mean, caffeine's proven. Yeah. Proof it. To sharpen you up. Yeah. So anyways. Yeah. To each zone, you know, I think most people who like caffeine there, like coffee and stuff, like they like that. And that's what that's one thing. If you, if you know, you might need more discipline, you might need more caffeine to get feel it if you're not. If you're used to it, if you have a what's that tolerance? Yeah. Low tolerance is like the or if high tolerance is. But yeah, and that's face it. This one, Dracoit, that's not why you drink it. You know drink it because of the caffeine. That's not why that's, you know, you'll include the caffeine. Yeah, the caffeine definitely. It's a little microdust. Get you rock it all. But yeah, it's good. This one cognitive enhancement. That's what you drink it for. You free do some stuff. Stuff that needs brain output. That's when you take it. That's what I take it. That's what good. That's when good deal. Dave takes it. That's when Jocca takes it. Also, milk. This is. Protein powder, but to call it protein powder is kind of dessert. Diservice. For sure. Because it's just. Go with milk. Milk. Here's the thing though. I don't, we don't want someone. I personally, I don't speak for myself. I don't want someone to hear. Hey, mull. What is that? Okay, taste good. All this stuff. It's good. You will get good protein from milk. Yes, you will. Very important. No, no. There's probiotics. Oh, no, kids. Yeah. And see what's good. What doesn't probiotics. Okay, maybe for you. It's not like this. When I hear probiotics, I always think like, oh, that's something that. You know, someone's like, oh, you got to take your probiotics, right? But it's not something, you know, for me, it's like, oh, we're taking protein. Good. Yeah. Probiotics. I'm not worried about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But so I never, I've taken them like a couple times before, but there's probiotics in it. And so now I realize like, I feel good. Like my gut feels good. So maybe there's something to that probiotic activity. Okay, Brad. Okay. So when you say, maybe I'm not like that, you're correct. I'm not like that. Probiotics are good. Yeah. Just like anti-beautics are good. But for what they're for. For what they're for. So probiotics are like, they're probiotic. Well said. Yeah, no, basically like you're gut biome, right? Yeah, it's a promo healthy bacteria, all this stuff. And you're thinking, probably it's a huge deal. Yeah, no, I know. I know. Now I'm starting to realize that. I started realize I've been wrong for 46 years. Yeah, it's kind of like, it's kind of like, if I have like, it's a metaphor right now. If I have the gear, the key to life, right? The whole, the answer to life. Right? What is the meaning of life? I have it. I'm going to want to tell you, right? But you have your plugs in. So you can't hear me. I still told you. Yeah. But you can't get in your brain because you have your plug. Well, you put that probiotics. Boom, takes your plugs out. Boom, you got in your brain. Same thing. Same exact thing, except it's a bit of a lie. You should turn that whole into an advertisement. I think that's just incredible. Anyway, it's called Mope and it is mint chocolate. And it's mint. And it's mint. It's peanut butter. Peanut butter chocolate. It's chocolate. And then it's just going to be. And I think we're good on chocolate. Just straight chocolate. You're good. Yeah. I've got this sample. And I had it this weekend. And yes, it is geodebo-deac. Well, I think the chocolate is kind of the staple. It is. And that's why it turns out. Because it's hard to nail it. No one to nail it. Right? We get nail. It tastes like chocolate. And not diet chocolate or something like that. It's the only thing that takes diet anything. You feel it, I'm fed. Cool. Well, nonetheless, be the look up for that. And that is if you're taking protein powder in it, like, hey, I ate a lot of good quality protein powder. Forget about the term protein powder powder. Yeah, because that gives you the idea that this is going to taste like crap. And this is this is the miracle. It tastes delicious. And it tastes delicious. And it tastes delicious. And it's got no sugar in it. Yeah. Yeah. It's not. It's not. Also. Whatever. Wait. Does that have a gram? It's got. It might have like a gram. Well, put it this way. It's not full with sugar. Like the old school Mega Mass 5 million in the big dog. Not good. Not good. Not bad. Remember that? Oh, yeah. Yeah. That tastes like kind of good. It's sweet with monk fruit. Yeah. That's what that. So if you're wondering, like, well, how does it taste not like the artificial sweeteners that people serve up, which tastes nasty? Like no matter what, it tastes like crap. It's monk fruit. Creamy. I mean, that's a weird question. But like monk fruit. Because it doesn't taste like you know, you use, like, um, sweeteners. I guess, you know, like a sweetener. It has a fruity, sweeten thing. Like the chocolate mint. I don't know what it looks like. It's a raw form. But I know that it tastes freaking delicious. I'm going to look into that one. And I will report back. Speaking of reporting back. If, in fact, you want to look at it this way, I'm reporting back to the three people. This week that asked me what ghee should I get when I start jiu-jitsu. So I know to most of us. This is obvious right now. But I will answer this question. Anyway, it is an origin ghee. And I'm not sure if you're doing it in a ghee, but you get an origin ghee. You'd get the origin ghee for many reasons. Not only because it's the best ghee, but because it's made in America as well. And there's plenty of options on there. So let me say get an origin ghee. It's not just one origin ghee. I guess technically, in a way, you just get it. If it's origin is good and but you have many different options. We then, the brand of origin. Geese. So go there. Like I said, origin main.com. That's where you get everything made in America. From the dirt to the shirt. Meaning, because if you don't really know that means it might not make it as much sense, but when you do know what it means to will make sense. This is what it means. The cotton is grown from America or in America from the dirt. Get it? Then the shirt at the end of where technically it's a ghee or whatever. Whatever you get. Anyway, made in America everything origin main.com also. There's an emerging camp. You're just to emerge and camp. Feeling up by the way. Yeah. Feeling up quick. So get on that. Well, this piece of cake. So which is good. Yeah. Yeah. The jujitsu at the master was good. How big that was? Yeah. That was good man. And it was still not big enough. I think. Well double it. We have to. Yeah. We're ready to order more mats. But yeah, it was going to be awesome. You got it. I started having an announcement to make on that too. All right. You know, it's coming up to that camp. No. Yeah. He's coming up. So he took a. The knowledge. Exactly. Just just straight knowledge. And if you come up, you get to chance to learn from Dean Lister. And yeah, that's as good as it's going to get. Yeah. Yeah. And if you want to know. Guys, like kind of those wizard types. Yeah. You know, he said, I remember in granted. I was not even kind of like thing. Yeah. He's great. He's got a. He's got a. A. A gift. Yeah. Like a legit gift that people do not have. Yeah. You ever, and I'm not even asking you to have you ever, because I know you have probably many times what you. You're asking Dean a question about like this problem that you're having. Oh, and you're having it because the guy who's doing it to you. This is just super good. But you have this problem. And you're kind of halfway thinking. Actually, more than halfway thinking. This is not really an answerable question. But whatever the more before I have in the ass, I mean, then he solves your problem. And you're like, probably, have you been thinking about this? The whole time. You know, all this. You did this stuff for whatever while all of us have been living life kind of things. That's what it seems like. He taught something the other day. And it's from, oh, you know, I use the crucifix lot. Sure. So he taught something from the crucifix that I'd never saw before. Never thought of. And he did it like it was just like, you know, like taking a breath. He's like, oh, yeah, when you get this, you do this. Yeah. I'm like, are you serious? Yeah. I've been training with you for 20. 23 years and you never, maybe gave me a heads up on that. Yeah. And the reason is, the reason is there's so much in his brain. There's so much to disobey his brain. He can't even like figure out what to tell you unless you come to him with a problem. It's great. If you're coming to the version, can't come with problems for Dean. Yeah. Come with, come with questions for Dean. Because that's what you want. And then you can draw the answers out that you need from him. Because there's too much, you can't download everything from his brain. You can't. Yeah. It's not like he's going to teach you, like you learn this one thing. No, you're going to have to bring questions to him that they don't solve problems for you. Yeah. That's about it. Did you get to camp? Emerging camp. Yes. 26 September through May 2nd. Did you say that already? August. Oh, six. I guess I said it wrong. And of all, I guess, oh, good. I remember that because that is my son's birthday. August 26 through September 2nd. Two sessions. Or you can say for the whole, the whole. Yeah, man. Good deal. Good answer. Register at origin may not harm. Yep. Laced going. Laced batting. Dave Burke. Good deal. Deal. I'm going. JJ. I think it's going. How's this Dean when I got my surgery last week? I'm going in for my surgery. Dean is there just coming out of his surgery. So how is he going to be as far as roll? He won't be able to go roll hard. But yesterday, I trained yesterday. Just a little in-house, little core group of guys. We came in trained and Dean came in coached and he was showing moves. Yeah. So I mean, he was putting fresh. Yeah. I'll be there kind of on the, on the, on the, you'll be on the, on the fence there. Like, I rolled with Pete, like, you know, the entire, yeah. Or he didn't wear it before I got my surgery, but my advice was detach. Yeah. And I just put my hand like this. I couldn't, you just basically can't pull the eye can. This is my injury. But I said, I can't pull. You just have to be careful. Yeah. So I could do a lot of that kind of rolling, but I got it. It's hard. I can't roll, probably with like, you know, like, um, level 12. That's, yeah. Less experience for something like that. I'll be right there. Now you can't roll me. I'll roll with Pete. That's all. I bet basically just trust Pete. That's it. Pretty well. But yeah, go to that. That'll be fun. Don't worry what level, do you do to your at, even if you're at literally level zero. Here we have level. Level zero people came last year. Yeah. Like a first to do this. Yeah. Good. Let me get it. So yeah, coming get it. Also for fitness gear. The best fitness gear. So I'm going to the best fitness gear. All the fitness gear I have pretty much on it.com slash juggle. That's where you get it. Also I got on it. Sox by the way. Frick it off. Something got the monitor right now. Yeah. Get the, get the, the primal bells, the kettle bells. So you'm saying. And when you're looking for the information before you start the kettle bells, this is Kimby Dangerous. Swenor on big cannonballs. Yeah. Get a mess up. Yeah. Look at that. Big time. Um, they got some good information on technique and all that stuff. It's good. A lot of cool stuff on that. All right. Now come slash juggle. Also when you get the books that juggle reviews on this podcast, I got a more organized on the website. Jocpodcast.com books from the episode is little tab on the top. Click on there. Boom. I got them all organized by episode. Click through there to get Amazon and you know, do your shopping, get the book. Give whatever else. Keep shopping. Whatever. Or not. Whatever you like. Then the lesson is good to support if you do. Also. Subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already. On Stitcher and iTunes and Google Play and wherever you or wherever you listen to the, to the podcast because there's a lot of podcasts apps out there and I get it. It's good. It's good thing. Vast marketplace of podcasts apps. Get in there. Now the last subscribe when you do and that's a good way to support. Also on YouTube, video version of this podcast. If you're interested in that video version, also we got as excerpts on there. It's good reason to subscribe in my opinion. So when I put out an excerpt, maybe that's the one that really you're waiting for. Rather than 15 through all the episodes and then 15 through the episode, so which is 3, 4 hours on sometimes. And then oh there it is. And then listening to it kind of thing. You know, I don't know how practical that is sometimes. So boom, I took all the excerpts. All the points. All the significant points. There's a lot. By the way, that juggle makes. Try to put them in excerpts on the YouTube channel. Maybe that's the one you were looking for. It's good to be there. So good reasons to subscribe in my opinion. So yeah, do that. Good way to support as well. Also. Juggle as a store. It's called Juggle Store. So let me ask you this. Not you juggle. That's the people. Have you ever looked at juggle shirt? And been like, you know what? I wish I had that shirt. Or have you ever looked at a shirt that I wear that says discipline equals freedom? Have you ever looked at that and said dang. I want that shirt. Guess what? This place you can get. It's called jugglestore.com. Let's read. Can get it. Disclinicals freedom. Get after it shirt. The actual shirt that juggle's wearing right now. Literally the one that juggle's wearing right now. You can get that shirt. Represent. Big time. Good way to support. And support yourself. There's also rash guards and stuff on there. Patches. Who do you? Hats. New hats by the way. Trucker hats. Trucker hats. Fly like the trucker hats. Yeah, the flex fit. I thought you'd like the flex fit. Yeah, I don't like flex fit actually. But I know that's probably the preferred hat in the population of the world. Is the flex fit. Yeah. I think the flex trucker hats. Old school burp. J. Have you ever worn a flex fit hat? Yes. Yes. Straight up. Yeah. You don't like that one. You don't like the convenience of this, the flex fit. I guess if you have the snap back, you just put it on one side. It's not your head gets bigger. My head is not getting bigger or smaller on a daily basis. Really? Because after we roll sometimes I feel like your head is kind of bigger. No, I think that just might be the way you feel. It might as well. Mine's just smaller. I get it. Nonetheless, both types of hats on there. Women's stuff on there as well. I'm putting tank tops on there. So look, be on the lookout for that. Like for, for dudes. Tank tops? Yeah. There's already women's tank tops on there. Yeah. So we're going to get dudes going on a couple. Yeah, dude. Yeah. Exactly right. Boom. Summer. Summer time. Boom. Shuff the guns. Bings out. Beans are in for just in time for somewhere. All good. But you know, some places like Alaska. Summer time is called to. So boom. Get the beanie. Also. Psychological warfare. If you didn't know what that is. It's an album. Jocquoise album. On iTunes with tracks. Jocquo tracks. And here's what it's not jocquo singing. It's jocquo talking to you. Every track is jocquo talking to you. And what he's telling you is reasons why you shouldn't give into the weakness that you will be given into sometimes. If you don't have this, you will be giving into this weakness on your path on your campaign against weakness on the path on the war path. We're all on the path by the way. Are we not? We're not. So yeah. Well, here's the thing. I think you're kind of a leader on this path. I kind of evaluated this. I don't care. I don't care. Okay. No. And I was into working out before I get it. You know. But it's the kind where like if I didn't feel like working out, it's like, I just kind of won't work out. I'll do it tomorrow because that will. And I would usually, you know, kind of thing. But when you kind of quantify it as this path. And when when when the term campaigning against weakness. And we can, we can kind of got introduced. That's a really good thing too because generally speaking. That's really what jams you up in my opinion in my experience where, yeah, if I don't feel like doing it, right? I don't feel like doing it. That's weakness, right? If I said, oh, I don't know because I don't feel like it. Then you go through life not feeling like doing stuff. And I do in it. And most of the time, we don't feel like it. Especially as you get older, especially as you take on other responsibilities. But if you make it a point to understand that I'm going to consciously not feel like doing something. I understand that it needs to be done. Then kind of fight that kind of weakness there. That's about if I'm talking about. And this will help you with that kind of thing. Yeah, okay, sorry. Back to the fight, let's go over here. I think you wrapped it up nice. No, no, no, I don't think you're going to be more detail to me. It's more than understanding that because the more that in my opinion, or in my experience, the more I understood that, the more like kind of effective, you know, you are in staying on this path. So anyway, when you reach like a little small point of weakness, you listen to this album, specific track that is designated for that weakness. Hundred percent, hundred percent. You will not give in to that weakness. That's good. Psychological warfare. We need to make a second album. People need to ask what they want to hear. Yeah, what moments of weakness need to be overcome. Yeah, I don't have some for like smoking. Yeah. Some for drinking. Drinking would be a good one. Yeah, it, it, it, it, it, I, in my, the way it was born was because of a weakness that I specifically specifically had, like something that it kind of got to me late, you know, like later on. Like during that, at the time I'm like, hey, whatever, why should I put this much pressure on my shelf? Is that, you know, is that healthy? You ever do that? No, I know you don't do that. Come on, let's face it, it's kind of like one of those things where it's like, it's a justification, but it's like, uh, like, Hey, you shouldn't put so much pressure on yourself, you know, don't add this stress. Hey, life is stressful. Don't add more stress like this. You don't want it when it's like, I'm more stressed. It's just an excuse. And more stress. Cool. All right, quite a lot of stuff. I'm going to do a sound effect thing. Are you ready? So, Jocco, IT, obviously for, of a, a long time we've had T bags that you can get, uh, what's that called, Dry T is what it's called. And Jocco, IT available on Amazon, Real Tasty. And good for you. And we just got it, Made, and put it into cans. So, here we go, sound effects. Are you ready? Here we go. This is, uh, Jocco, IT opening. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. There you go. So, now you can get Jocco, IT to can. It is delicious. And it's good for you. And, you know, even if, even if you don't like the taste, even if you don't, I like that it's good for you. Like the fact that after you drink one can, you'll be able to deadlift 8,000 pounds minimum minimum. That's the minimum. Yeah. And it's been proven scientifically backwards and forward double blind Plastable placebo, whatever you want to call it. Yeah. Jocco, IT's, it's available on Amazon. Eventually we'll get it everywhere. That's the goal, but right now it's available on Amazon. So, because that's the quickest way to get it out to everyone. So, there you go. Get it. Victory in a can. Organic. I tell you that. I'm not a fighter. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. Just because I'm impressed. No GMOs. No reason to go and drink a drink that's going to have filled with a bunch of stuff that you don't want, your body. Okay. Just drink. Jocco, IT are a books. We got the way the warrior kid series. And I got, here's just a little note. Okay. I wrote, my eight-year-old who read your back way the warrior cured in January 2018. Since then, he has gone beast mode. Runs 1.3 kilometers most mornings before school and 2.6 kilometers on the weekend. He trains, plays and enjoys life since reading your book. His room is immaculately tidy. Your book switched something in him. He is self-motivated and strives to achieve. We talk about 1% in life and doing the small things well in school and sports. Thanks for your service and the book. So there you go. No big deal. Right? Can you imagine that? That's freaking awesome. His room is immaculate. He's on the path, you know? The path. So pick up way the warrior cured and marks mission. Get your kid on the path. If you want to support a warrior kid named Aiden, that's making things happen. Go to irishokesransh.com and get some of the soap that he makes on his farm from goat, milk. He makes jocquas soap so you can stay clean. Don't forget about the discipline equals freedom field manual. Of course, this was awesome. I was at the master and we're doing PT. It's 4 or whatever, 435 in the morning or something and this woman comes up to me and she's a little older and she just looks at me and says like can I tell you something? That look was on her face and so I gave her the knot of like go ahead and tell me and she's like it was November 7th, 2017 and I was at Sam's Club and I saw this book, this black book and I never saw a book like that and I picked it up and looked at it and said this I've never seen anything like this. She bought it and since that time she's lost 23 pounds and she said she's got her life back boom, that's awesome. So you know who you are out there. So thank you for letting me know that that was a very cool story to hear and I appreciate that feedback that's the discipline equals freedom field manual. Fauts and actions both inside. If you want the audio version of that which people still ask me every single day, you can't get it on audible. It's not on audible. It's on Amazon Music iTunes, Google Play and other MP3 platforms as an album. With tracks. Also for leadership, of course there's the first book, Extreme Ownership, The Leadership Book for the Battlefield Business and Life and actually somebody else at the master said hey you never talk about the audible version of Extreme Ownership because that is available on audible and guess who reads it? Lave Babin and me and this guy was saying you should everyone should be listening to that. It's better listen to it than to read it which depends on who you are but for this individual he was like you need to tell people about that that's awesome that you guys and anyone else is on that audio book sound effects. We put sound effects in there. I'm just gonna gunfire explosions. Things like that. You know why? Because immersion. So yeah. So you can get that. Also coming out September 25th we have the follow on book to Extreme Ownership. It's called The dichotomy Leadership. It's available for pre-order wherever you want to pre-order Amazon Barnes and Noble Local Bookstore. It's gonna be out September 25th. If you want one of the first edition copies which you do if you want to be a book a book person like me you want to get that first edition because that's cool. And if you don't order it then you won't get it in time because the publisher won't make enough because they have no idea. They don't understand how many people are out there waiting for this book. So if you want it order it that'd be cool. If you want to work with us in person call Esslon Front. It's me, Dave Babin, JP D'Neld, Dave Burke. Our website is Esslonfront.com and we solve problems through leadership. That's it. Of course the Master Leadership 7R. 05. 05 was in Washington DC. It was awesome. And it sold out. Yes. So only one more Master in 2018. It's Master 006 in San Francisco, California, October 17th and 18th. Register at extreme ownership.com. If you want to come it will sell out. And that's all there is to it. And also for current law enforcement military firefighters, paramedics and other first responders roll call 001 September 21st in Dallas, Texas. One day leadership training seminar focused on people in uniform. You can register for that also at extreme ownership.com. And until the Master or the roll call or the immersion camp in Maine, if you want to communicate with us, you know that you can find us on the interwebs. Echo is at Echo Charles and I am at Jocca Willink. And to the men of the greatest generation like Mr. T Fred Harvey, thank you for your service and to the rest of the men and women out there continuing to hold the line. Thanks to you and to your families for what you do every day and what they do to support you. Of course, thanks to all the first responders, police law enforcement firefighters, paramedics and those who stand the watch 24.7 to keep us safe. To the rest of you, life can be hard and life can be challenging and life can contain a fair amount of suffering. But you know what? It's the one life you've got. So go and live a life that in the end allows you to look back and say, hell, yes, I do it all again. Until next time, this is Echo and Jocco out.