 This is Jocco podcast number 132 with echo Charles and me, Jocco Willink. Good evening, Echo. Good evening. The warriors are all dead. They lie on the more field. They struggled, but shall not enter. The planes are flat and wide. The way home is long. Their swords lie beside them. Their black bows in their hand, though their limbs were torn. Their hearts could not be repressed. They were more than brave. They were inspired with the spirit of woo. They had fast to the end. They could not be dunted. Their bodies were stricken down, but their souls have taken immortality. Among the ghosts, heroes, among the dead. That is an excerpt from an ancient Chinese poem written by Q1. There are not many details of his life. He is a patriotic poet that lived around 300 BC and the poem refers to the spirit of woo, which I like. Because woo means martial arts as in things that are related to war and things that are related to fighting. So we are talking about the spirit of war. And of course China has an incredibly rich history of art and culture and fought for thousands of years. Many dynasties that have carried on that rich culture. But we also of course know that China has a long history of war. The knowledge about war and we've already looked at one of the fundamental books about war and strategy from Sunsu, right? The art of war. And today we're going to take a look at another important document that comes from China. It's called the 36 strategies. And this document has been around for a long time. And its actual origin is debated where it came from. There are some people that say Sunsu wrote it actually. There's another military strategist named Zujing. And some people think he wrote it. But the current prevailing view is that it's a compilation of information that was compiled by different people, different authors over the years, and the actual version that I'm using was compiled by a guy named Peter Taylor. And if you remember, so 36 strategies. That's what it's called the 36 strategies. And if you remember from a recent podcast that we did strategy, doesn't mean strategy. It doesn't mean that. It's a trick. That sort of means. It's a subject of huge. It's a sneaky maneuver to get what you want. That sort of strategy is. Now this book is divided up into six sections. The first three are for when you're winning. And the second three are for when you're losing. The winning strategies are advantageous opportunistic and attacking. And the other like losing type strategies when you're losing are confusion, deception, and desperation. And you know what some of these we've heard before. Some are a new take on an old idea or an old take that we think is a new idea. And all of them reinforce kind of what we know and allow us to think about these things a little bit different way and see them from a different angle. Here we go. The 36 strategies. Number one. Sneak across the ocean in broad daylight. And so after they give that's that's the actual that's the that's the strategy right there. And so you got to give a little explanation around some of them and Peter Taylor does it in this book. He lines him out. And I've actually seen there's a there's another copy of this same book where they all have the sort of general explanation. A lot of them have the same general explanation almost as if it's part of the same book. But to hit that part. So it says number one. Sneaker across the ocean in broad daylight. What does that mean? What you often. What you see often you do not doubt. And what is familiar becomes uninteresting and a perfect cloak for the unusual and unexpected. This strategy means that you can mask your real purpose by using the rules or a fake target that everyone takes for granted. This is known as the open faint in front of everyone. You point west when your goal is actually in the east. For example, a goalkeeper when facing a penalty shot will often stand a one side or the other. Effectively inviting the opposing player to aim towards the open space when in fact the goalkeeper reacts and moves to this exact space the moment when the shot is taken. Thus saving the goal. Pretty clear. Next one. Two. Beseech way to rescue Zow. Beseech way to rescue Zow. When the enemy is too strong to be attacked directly. Then attack something they hold close to them or value dearly. So this is a little bit different than just a flank right a flank means I'm going to hit your weak point. This is I'm going to attack something that you care about. Take the indirect approach and find their Achilles heel. So that is the weak point. But the first the first explanation is not just a weak point. It's I'm going to attack something that you are you care about. Think about how do you do this in a relationship like a well in a business relationship or something. And insults. Oh, yeah, there you go. All kinds of things. Back to the book. The origin of this proverb is apparently from the warring state's period when the state of way attacked Zow and laid siege to its capital hand on Zow turned to key for help. The key general son bin determined it would be unwise to meet the army of way head on so instead he attacked their capital. On hearing the news the army of way retreated in haste and the tired troops were then ambushed and defeated. The idea here is to avoid a head on battle with a strong enemy and instead strike it as weak as elsewhere. So that that part we've heard before we know that part. But I like the idea of attacking something that they care about more. I mean that's a classic right that's a classic like classic is oh I can't get to you but I'm going to get to your kids. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'll kill your kids that's always the worst right in all your movies that you watch sure. Oh yeah, they always do that. So that is farce comparing it to a flank like a flank is like I mean comparatively speaking what just I mean obviously to go to the side is somewhere that not yeah shielded a bunk bunker in forever. Yeah, number three kill with a borrowed knife attack using the strength of another in a situation where using one's own strength is not favorable trick an ally into attacking him or or bribe an official to turn trader in your favor or use the enemies own strength against him. Barling a knife to kill may seem rather too devious but fundamentally it's making use of others resources for your own gain and sometimes without your opponents knowing it. There's some underhand stuff with this for sure. The idea here is to cause damage to your enemy by letting a third party by getting a third party to do the deed. In fact, it can be said that your enemy's enemy is your friend which we've heard before kill with a borrowed knife. That's a good one. I keep thinking about when I read these I think about people interacting with other people and how someone will get someone all spun up like can you leave echo did this you should say something about it. And like like do that way. Wait at leisure while the enemy labor's. It is an advantage to choose the time and place for battle in this way you will know when and where the battle will take place while your enemy does not encourage your enemy to expend his energy in feudal quests while you conserve your strength. When he is exhausted and confused you attack with energy and purpose. What part of you jitsu did you not understand right there? So he asked me that the other day is an tactic to let someone get tired and be a hundred percent. Yeah, it's like one of the foundation principles. Yeah, I mean if you look at the early UFC's if you look at a hoist gracy in the early UFC's. That was I would say he used that tactic a majority of the time. Yeah, that's like what essentially jitsu is like when they started it like hallo grace he was you know little guy whatever and that's yeah that's what he would say the whole time you cook them they call it cooking like that. It's part of the deal. Yeah, cook you know that's good. I like that. I haven't heard that one in a while. Number five. If you look at the blue to a burning house. When a country is beset by internal conflicts or when disease and famine ravages the population or when corruption and crime are rampant. Then it will be unable to deal with an outside threat this then is the best time to attack these are devious. When you read them they're devious. Hey man Marshall. It's the Marshall way. You know what, I've seen some companies, some businesses that do that right there. They do it well. Yeah. When they're really, when they're really hostile, they sow the seeds of all that, all the chaos, all the ravages and all the famines and all the corruption in crime. When a company is really devious, they sow those seeds with the other company. And then they watch them fall apart and then they go and take them down. Yeah. Hmm. Luda burning house means taking personal gain from bad situations that your enemies are facing. While a house is ablaze or during any major disturbance, there will be enough confusion to make it easy and accessible to steal or take advantage of the situation. When your enemy is in a state of confusion and chaos, it prevents the perfect opportunity to wipe them out. Number six. Make a sound in the east then strike in the west. In any battle, the element of surprise can provide an overwhelming advantage. Even when face to face with an enemy, surprise can still be employed by attacking where you least expect it. The idea here is to get the enemy to focus on his on one location and then attack a weekly defended spot in boxing, fainting is a body movement or an incomplete attack, use primarily to create a certain reaction from the opponent. The idea is to create an opening or draw the opening into responding or draw the opponent into responding so that you may anticipate and counter with a prepared attack. In order for faints to be successful, they must make the opponent believe that a punch is a real thing coming. So we've talked about that before. You can't do a weak attempt at a submission. You have to roll with Andy last night. Sure. We've been having some wars lately. And last night, he and it's funny. And this is there's a whole thing going on because psychologically, right? If there's a timer, I'm paying attention to it. Psychologically. And like, I know how much time I can survive in certain situations. So I might take a risk that I know, hey, if I end up and I'll take this risk right now, there's there's a minute and 18 seconds left. I'm going to take a risk. The risk is going to take me 18 seconds. If I make it great, if the risk pays off, great, it'll be in a good spot. If the risk doesn't pay off, well, then I've got, it's going to take him 10 seconds to get now. I've got 50 seconds. I know how long it's going to take the set. Some food at the time is going to go. We're going to be okay. I don't know what. Last night, it was close. Close. Close. The risk took a risk. Didn't pay off. Going off. Yeah, we were going. They took the risk. Didn't pay off. Ended up in a bad situation. And he was straightening out my arm. And I got out of the arm lock. And he slapped a triangle on me. And I'm hard to triangle too, because I'm just like, large. Yeah. He slapped a triangle on me. If you do get the triangle on me, it's going to be pretty deep. Yeah. And I was like, it was, I literally was thinking myself, he doesn't have time to finish this. He did not, like, even, like, I don't even have to defend this right now, because he doesn't have time to defend this. So he slapped it on there. I didn't even defend. And then I was like, oh, no. This thing is tight. Tides. And then the belt ring. And the left. Because it happens all the time. Yeah. Yeah. That time of thing is like, that's a real thing. You can almost physically feel the time. But here's the thing is, if there's no time, or if we don't have a clock running, my game is different. Yeah. I don't want to make it. I won't take that risk. I'm super patient. Super. Just, you know, serge used to joke about it. Sergeant would be like, oh, jockel is going to hang onto your arm and work that arm with not moving for like seven minutes. Yeah. He's going to say, he's hanging out. It's all good with me. I'm over here. Just, I'm just, I'm just cruising. I got your arm. I'm not letting go of it. That's not happening. Yeah. I'm going to sit here. You're using some strength. You're using a little bit to just maintain. I'm going to let that happen. I'm going to let you cook. You're going to cook me a little bit. But you see you cook. You can't cook stuff in five minutes. No. You know, it's hard to cook something in five minutes. Yeah, it's true. Well, yeah, that is true generally speaking. That time, like, you know, it's a different, the difference between you and how like some rules, you'll go against the wall or something. You know, you just, and you go against the wall. And then sometimes you're like, hey, we're by the wall. You know, on the corner, whatever. So it's good in the middle or sometimes, you know, depending on who you're away, the tempo, what the mood is, you just know, walls fair. Oh, good. You know, that's what the timer kind of is, too. You know, or that's what it feels like you can almost feel it where it's like, okay, the time when the time goes off, the time is game. This is all part of the game now. Yeah, yeah. But if there's no time, it's kind of like it doesn't have that. So you can have a, I have more fun rowing with Andy when we get when we have the timer. Because that means every three minutes, I'm taking a risk. Yeah. And I'm trying to make something happen or, or if he's in a dominant position, which he, you know, he gets in really dominant positions and he's really good at maintaining them. And he tries to get it done in that time. You know, I'll otherwise he be cooking me for a while or time, I guess. Which would not be fun. No. So I should say I like it. Be sure. All right. Next section, strategies for opportunistic situations. Create something from nothing. Make somebody believe there was something when there was, in fact, nothing or simply put lie. One method of using this strategy is to create an illusion of something's existence when in fact it does not exist. Another is to create an illusion that something does not exist when it in fact does. Pretty obvious. You know, it's a good thing to think about it like even if you're of the attitude that you don't want to lie. It's good to know these strategies that other people can use them on you. Yeah, fully. And the lie, I mean, that seems like a conceptual lie. Like, you know, you know, the guy who gets fired up puts on this huge display isn't that sort of a lie, you know, like, I'm being ferocious and crazy and then it's kind of usually just to cover up something else. Yeah, that's true. Or if you get like, if you're just one at a time, Sam Harris and Jordan Peterson just dropped in here and started having a discussion about what was aligned, what was. Oh, yeah, I'm sure. I would just take this all figured. Yeah, just do a different place. Sure. Well, I'm sure the first thing that was to determine what is considered a lie, like, where's no, this conceptually, it's like any, any deception, really. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. So like, look, if me knew we're in a, I don't know, MMA fighter, something. And my ankle is straight up sprained. I'm not going to show it, you know, like my natural inclination is like to to limp on that thing, but I'm going to go out of my way to just show that I'm not, you know, it's no factor. Is that a lie? Yeah. Yeah. It is right. Yeah, well, yeah. That's true. Yeah, I'm, in fact, injured. I bet there are, I bet we're going to get people that are like, no, a lie is technically, no, there's probably some technical definition that puts beyond just a deception. Yeah. That's my guess. I don't know. Intentional deception. It's because here's a deal. We know what a lie is. We know what a lie is. We know what it is. We know what is the line. What is it? I don't know, man, is that great area? I'm telling you, there's that great area. Check. It's small. But yeah. All right. We will not have a discussion about that today for today. Next, openly repair the gallery roads, but sneak through the passage of chin king. See the enemy with an obvious approach that will take a very long time while surprising him by taking a short cut, sneaking upon him. The, you know, just classic fundamental strategy. Next, I like this one. Watch the fires burning across the river. Delay, delay entering the field of battle until all the players have become exhausted, fighting amongst themselves. At that point, go in at full strength and pick up the pieces. When this is exactly, remember the person that just asked on the last podcast about how to stop getting interrupted, this is what we're talking about. Do that right there. Let other people like gov their conversation and fire their ammunition and then when they're done fighting amongst themselves and they're exhausted, going at full strength and pick up the pieces. When the series conflict breaks out, within the enemy alliance, all you have to do is be patient and wait quietly for the chaos to build up. As once this internal conflict intensifies, then self destruction will be the outcome. Besides the patient, besides being patient, make preparations for any advantage that might come out of the chaos. So sometimes you get to sit across the river and watch the fires burn for a little while. That's interesting because that's exactly what that is. That's a good one. Yeah. And because you're compelled to interrupt back, you know, you know, this stuff. But yeah, man. Just get into sit back and remember that. All the fires burn. Let the fires burn. Number 10. Hide a knife behind a smile. Charm and ingratiate yourself with your enemy and then when you have gained his trust to move against him in secret. Sunsoos, most often quoted advice, was to keep your friends close and your enemies closer. But here the strategy is far more duplicitous in that it advises that the sole purpose of keeping your enemy close is not just to understand them and be prepared for any aggression from them, but is to deceive them with a treasonable act that would see their downfall. Hide behind a knife in the smile. So I was having a conversation with a guy the other day. And the question is, if you run a fight against a guy, you're going to be a fight against a guy. If you've run something up the chain of command to the absolute top, you can't bring it up anymore. And actually this was a person in the fire services. If you've run something so fire departments, if you've brought something up the chain of command to the absolute top and you still haven't gotten what you wanted. What would you do then they were asking me? Then I was like, well, there's something a lot of things you could do. Then that's a tuition. You know, you've got, because the topic was basically if training should be harder, right? If people aren't training harder and I'm bringing up the chain of command and people say, no, it's fine. No, it's fine. And you believe that this is wrong. And people should be training hard so we're more prepared to do our job. What would you do then? Jocelyn, I was like, well, you know what you could do? You could say, okay, you know what? You don't want to listen to me, fine. I'm going public. I'm going to write an article in the newspaper about how our department is not prepared to handle emergencies. That's what I'm going to do. And then they're going to listen. Now, let's think about that. Let's think about that outcome, right? The outcome is there's a decent chance you get fired. You definitely aren't getting promoted. And so whether you get fired, you don't get promoted, you get stuck in this position where you have no influence. And by the way, did you get any check training change? No, now could there is there a possibility that the public takes note and goes, oh, wow, this is wrong. And we're going to have another election and we're going to replace this fire chief for whatever is there a chance that could happen? There's a chance how that fire chief end up in that position. He's a political guy. He knows how to make things happen. He knows how to take care of himself. And if you think he's going to let some little article out in the newspaper, get him deposed from his position. You're wrong. You're under estimating your enemy at this point. So don't do that. So I said, what if instead of doing that, you wrote, let's say, same idea, you wrote a positive article about the fire department. And it made everyone look good. And the chief looked at you like you were spreading the good word. And he says, oh, you know what? I appreciate you's putting up that article. That was really good. It made us look good. He might have said that, but I'd like your article. Well, you know, chief, I just want to let people know what we're doing over here. And now you're building trust. Now you're building trust with him. And now he says, oh, you know what? Yeah, you know what? You should run this thing over here. Why don't you run that little thing? And you take that thing and you run it. You keep it in the box that you know he would like it in. And he goes, hey, you did a good job with that. I'm going to get you up a little bit higher. And eventually you get to a position of influence where you actually can make the change that you want to make. Now again, the thing is when I say things like this, people are always they don't want to hear it. When someone they think they know me and they're like, oh, you know what? And I'm saying this the other day at a different company that everybody wants me to say, you know what you're going to do in a situation like that? You come in with a battle after it. And you start swinging and you take out everyone that's in your way. That's how you win. And I wish that that was true, but it's actually not true. It's not true. You don't win. You don't win when you do that. You have to think. You have to play the game. What you have to do is hide a knife going to smile. Now that's that's very treasonous. He calls it, but if you're goal, if you're goal, let's take the far to part of it. If your goal is to actually do a better job and save more people's lives because you've trained more and that's the knife that you're trying to get out in the end. Is that a bad thing? No, it's actually a good thing. You're not hiding a knife behind a smile. You're hiding saved lives behind a smile. That's what you're doing. This takes tactical patience. Yeah. Tactical patience. That's a word. People used to throw around because they thought it sounded cool. It does. It does. It's a real thing though. And if you don't have tactical patience to play the win the long war, it's a long war. Years. It can take years. This situation that we're talking this fire guy there, that situation could take years to unfold years. But we've talked with you if you just make a stink and cause problems and run up the run your mouth and cause all this focus and bring the spotlight to the bad areas. Guess what? You're not even going to get, you're not going to get moved up and put it in a better position. Yeah. So don't do that. Yeah. So crazy. That's like a lot of times the advice you give is literally the exact opposite of what it feels like we should do. It's like you feel like, I need to do this. I just need to know how. Can you tell me how and you don't tell how you say, hey, wait, you need to do this. No, you don't need to do that. You need to do the exact opposite of that. You're like, oh man, it's not what you think it is. You're supposed to do. You give me up. But I will say it through experience that your answer is 10 to be right 100% of the 10. Yeah, people a lot of times don't want to hear. And when I was younger, I didn't want to hear me either. Yes, that part is true. Yeah, for sure. When I was younger, I was like, oh, you know. Who true that guy? Yeah, what am I going to do? So a cultivator relationship with this, this guy? Yeah, he's weak. No, he's an unsat. You know, there's a military term unsat. Yeah, yeah. And I used to be my, that used to be as bad as that was the worst adjective I could use. Yeah. I'd be like, that guy's unsat. Or you know, whatever, it's a gear. People have all has that gear unsat. Yeah. Because you'd get marked like on an inspection unsat. Yeah. It's meant unsat as fact. Yeah. I need to bring that back. I, man, it's been a while. But yeah, Jeremy and Kicking up, you saw all we saying that. Sat. On a sec. You could have sat too. That was, if you were to say to me like, oh, how was that dinner last night? Sat. Me, no. It was, it was, you know, yeah. It was good. It was fun. They just said that. That was an unsat. You, you have to put sat and unsat cut it together for sat to make any sense whatsoever. Naturally. Check. All right, number 11. Preserve the plumb tree. Sorry. Sacrifice the plumb tree to preserve the peach tree. There are circumstances in which you must sacrifice short term objectives in order to gain the desired long term goal. This is the scapegoat strategy whereby someone else suffers the consequences and they're so the rest do not. Pretty, pretty straightforward. That one. I think some of these stratisms that are straightforward. It's good about hearing them is that you recognize them. Yeah. Because it might seem obvious, but then when you're doing it, you're like, well, I don't know we can, you say, oh, wait, you know what we're actually doing? We're sacrificing the plumb tree to spare the peach tree. That's what we're going to do right now. Once you commit to that or you understand it fully, then you can execute it with more authority. Yeah, especially in the wild too, because like if you have that framework to stick to, you know, like, oh, this is what we're going to do. Kind of thing. And all these other variables happen on that, you know, unplanned stuff. You have that to stick to. Yeah, that's a way more clear. That's the commanders intent. The commanders intent is very clear. And so in the way we know what we're going to do, that's what's going to happen. Number 12. Take the opportunity to kill for a goat. While carrying out your plans, you need to be flexible enough to take advantage of any opportunity that presents itself, however small and avail yourself of any profit, however slight. That's a good one. I think it's important to keep in mind, though, that you don't want to get pulled off track, right? You want to keep focused on your mission and all the sudden you can be running around gathering up goats while you're real target escapes. Yeah. So let's not get too crazy with that one. But again, let's keep it in mind. Next section, strategies for attacking situations. Number 13, stop the grass to scare the snake. Do something unammed, but spectacular to provoke a response of the enemy there by giving away his plans or position or just taunt him. Do something unusual, strange and unexpected as this will arouse the enemy's suspicion and disrupt his thinking. This is recon by fire. Just fire some rounds and maybe the enemy shoots back here. Not now you know where they are. Next, borrow a corpse to resurrect the soul. Take an institution, a method or even an ideology that has been forgotten or discarded and appropriate it for your own purpose. Revive something from the past by giving it a new purpose or bring to life old ideas, customs or traditions and reinterpret them for your to fit your purposes. Here's an example. Is like Hitler. He brought back. He would bring back like old Viking symbols and root that root the Viking tradition. Like hey, you're a vike where vikeings and they have like little symbols. That's exactly what it is. Use that. So then people have a deeper connection with this thing. Yeah. Next, 15. And tice the tiger to leave its mountain layer. Never directly attack an opponent who's advantage is derived from its position. Instead, lower him away from his position, thus separating him from his source of strength. The strategy is based on the idea that the tiger is powerful only when it's in its natural environment, but if removed from that environment becomes weaker and more vulnerable. I don't know if a tiger is weak in a non-cut environment. I think a tiger could still kill me pretty quickly, even in a city street. Maybe in the water? He couldn't. No, that's not true. Yeah, a criminal person. No, he's Sri Lanka. The tigers would swim and get in a boat and pull fishermen to their dad. Yeah, how's that for a nightmare? That's right. That's, again, pretty clear. You know what this is in Gigiitu? You get someone to play that not their game. Yeah. Oh, you got a good guard call on the pole guard interview. Or really, why Gigiitu's founded yet again, it's you take a guy who's, you know, what's the traditional method of fighting? I'm gonna stand up with her punches and kicks at him. Yeah. So Gigiitu's is like, all you take a mile of the punching and kicking situation to the ground, no punches, no kicks and effective. Oh, that's the juicits. Yeah, you're not in your special place anymore. This is an interesting one. Number 16. In order to capture one must, let loose. Cornered prey will often mount a final desperate attack to prevent this. You let the enemy believe he still has a chance for freedom. His will to fight thus dampened by his desire to escape. When in the end, the freedom is proven to fall, so the enemy's morale will be defeated and he will surrender without a fight. So we've heard that one. That's the golden bridge. We just heard it from Frederick the Great. I think we also heard it from the Gettius. They're saying give the people a little out. And they see that. They see that chance escape. I think it was the Gettius we're saying. They would just leave their weapons because they want to get away. So bad they leave their weapons and then you're just waiting for them. Slotter. If an enemy has no way to retreat, then desperation will increase their bravery and ferocity of their fight. So you always offer them room for retreat and in such a retreat their morale will be low. Next, tossing out a brick to get a Jade gem bait someone by making him believe he gained something or just making react to it and obtain something valuable from him in return. Pretty straightforward. The real meaning is to attempt this to tempt through the offering of something useless in order to gain something valuable. It is a tactic that utilizes baiting the enemy. The point of this tactic is to throw out bait that does not seem like bait. On the other hand, it's important to have a keen sense of judgment to ensure you're not to take the enemy's bait in return. The ability to look past the immediate gain and see the long term cost as valuable skill. So if you're in a leadership situation, sometimes you hold the line, you appear to hold the line on something and then you let it go. You want to do something a certain way and I'm like, well, echo, I don't care about. But I hold the line. I'm just going to give you a nice victory with the end of it. I didn't already know that, but yeah. You feel like, yeah, you feel like I've seen it. I was right. You're happy. I made it happen. Yeah, I made it happen. I was able to convince Jockel. Yes, yes. I didn't care. I'm not going to tell you that. No. I was like, no, you know what? That seems like a good design for that t-shirt. Let's go with it. Next, defeat the enemy by capturing their chief. If the enemy's army is strong, but it's allied to the commander only by money. Forstition or threats, then take aim at the leader. The commander falls, the rest of the army will disperse or come over to your side. If, however, they are allied to the leader through loyalty that beware, the army can continue to fight on after his death out of vengeance. That one straight forward. But that is something that's very important to recognize is what kind of loyalty. You're going against the Wakana loyalty do they have? I work with businesses all the time. There's businesses that establish a massively loyal employee base and the people are there way they're loyal. They're not there for the money. The money is like part of it, but they're there because they want to be there. Those companies and somebody who comes in and starts trying to mess with those companies, blood that. It is a bloodbath. But now that's the, now we're getting into strategies when you are losing. So things change a little bit. Now we're on the losing side. Number one is strategy. Tradogim's for confused situations. This is a good one. Remove the firewood from under the pop. If something must be destroyed, destroy the source. The strength of the fire determines whether water will boil and the strength of the fire comes from the burning wood. It may not be wise to confront the boiling water directly, but by taking the wood from under the cooking pot, the boiling water will soon be cool. In other words, do not confront your opponent's strong points. But instead remove the source of his strength. Yeah, that's, I don't know that I necessarily agree with the last part there. Not attacking the strong points. I think it's, I would say, watch out for the volatile points. And you don't attack the things that can do you damage like boiling water. You attack something that's a little bit detached. And you go after the source. I think what he's talking about is like, they call it. It's a problem solving method. If I'm not mistaken, this is to this direct and the systemic. Oh, yeah, for sure. It's the same you're in correct. Yeah, it's the like you attack the source of these problems. It's like, you know, the, like your, your plant at home, right? You got a tree growing in the yard. The leaves are their turning brown. Yeah, that's a problem. And fall, the leaves turning brown. You know what, paint those leaves green. That's the worst. Yeah, that's a tack. Not a problem. That's a direct, yeah, that's a direct problem solving approach. Or I always say water the leaves. Don't water the leaves. You don't water the leaves. You water the roots. And then over time, that's a systemic approach. That's the one. Yeah. Like how you roll. Deep. Sure. Next. This number 20, disturbed the water and catch a fish. Create confusion and use this confusion to further your own goals. Originally, it means to stir the water. The sentiments in order to cloud the version of the fish and therefore catch the fish. Here it means to create confusion. So that the enemy does not know what is real and what is not a confused enemy is more vulnerable to any attack. I was, I was wrong with Taylor the other day. Sure. And we were doing take. We were standing up, we were getting after it. And Taylor's, if it flows either don't know, Taylor's a beast. He's like barely human. He's a beast. And he wrestled and he does you do it too. And he's just a sick grappler and fighter. By the way, no one will fight him, which really makes me mad. He will fight anyone and no one will fight him. He just keeps destroying people. No one will fight him. Because you get nothing out of it. Because he's not, his record is, I think he's 3 and 0 right now. So if you beat a 3 and 0 fighter, that means nothing. If you lose to a 3 and 0 fighter, that's not good for you. So no one smart is going to take a fight with him. I'm probably not helping by saying this right now. Yeah, no. Maybe that's hearing this is like, okay, well that's one person I'm not going to fight. My point in this was we were doing take down. So we had gotten to a point where we were doing take down. And he must have thrown 87 fakes at me in like three seconds. I had no idea what was happening. So he definitely disturbed the water. Got the fish. That used to happen with Sarge too. Sarge who's an awesome wrestler and NGG too. And if he hadn't been doing much wrestling, he would, I could read that he's going to come because he's just got a sick blast double. Sarge's blast double is just sick and he just comes in full power. And it's just hard to stop. But if he hasn't been wrestling, he knows he can just, he just goes into like, okay, I'm going to hit a blast double. I'm tired of playing around right now. Stop it. So he gets that look on his face and I could read because I know him for 25 years. And he get the blast double look on his face. And I remember one time, you know, I must have sprawled on him like two or three times in a day and it was kind of, I could see he was a little bit surprised that he wasn't that he didn't take me down. And I was like, so I told him, I said, hey, you know, when you haven't wrestled for a while, you don't set it up, you just do it. And then we wrestled again and he'd set up again. Again, just 47 little touches my face. Come on, my arms. I don't know if this here pushed me there. Drag this slap here, boom and all of a sudden. Yeah. Here comes the blast double, which I didn't know was coming. So that makes a big difference. Yeah. Get them waters blurred up. Yeah. All right. Slough off the cicadas golden shell. The cicadas like a cricket, like a grasshopper. This strategy is mainly used to escape from an enemy of superior force, mask yourself by either leaving your flamboyant traits behind, thus going in cognito, or just mask a rave yourself and create an illusion to fit your goals and distract others. So the grasshoppers and crickets at some point in there, what's it called a life cycle? Like fan life cycle? Sure. Yeah, they basically, they're skin, whatever it is, they're shell. They have to get rid of it. They malt. Yeah, lot of bugs. Yeah, they get rid of it. Yeah. Well, you can do that too. You can leave some stuff behind and make people think that's still going on, but really you're escaping. Yeah. When a cricket has grown to a certain stage, it sheds its outer shell and leaves the empty shell behind. This empty shell is often mistaken for a real cricket. Yeah. It's kind of like on total recall. Remember total recall, it will be Arnold Schwarzenegger. I don't remember one, but I don't know. I don't fully remember it. Yeah. So, grab it. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He comes in as that woman. Yeah. Well, yes. OK. Oh, yeah. And then, yeah. Yeah, he's a part two. Yeah, they're the lady. Yeah, two weeks, right? Then it malt function. Oh, yeah. He throws their head in its in explosion. I was thinking more like the hologram. They always, they had this hologram thing where it's like, oh, you know, it's him. But it's just the hologram. I mean, well, he's, I think it's escaping for something like this. I went and saw when I was in college, I had to go see a Shakespeare play, which was cool. I'm down with that. I would bring my Shakespeare book to the place. I had my notes. I was there. After the play was over, they brought out the cast and was kind of introducing them with some details about their career. And the woman that played that woman that had came apart and Arnold Schwarzenegger was inside her. Yeah, yeah. She was in the Shakespeare play. And here she was just getting offstage from crushing some Shakespeare. And I think it was Richard III. And the highlight that they pointed out of her whole career was that she was like the woman in the Arnold Schwarzenegger movie, whose head came apart and told a recall. That was actually, and then it was in the pamphlet that they give you when you go to the play. Yeah, yeah. It was telling this guy to this. He's been in there. So that's guy was in the royal listen and told him, you know, and then it's got her. And he says, she played the woman in total recall. Yeah, but here's the thing about that. Like on paper, literally on paper, that sounds like all this little thing. But brother, that was a huge part of the movie. Let's face it. Two weeks. How long could it be on Mars? Two weeks. And it's like whatever. Do you have any vegetables or something like that? And she goes two weeks. Oh, dang. The thing starts malfunctioning. Boom, boom. They identify them. You part of the movie. Bigger than Shakespeare. Are you, yeah? No, not our movie. All right, this is one is a little bit of a contradiction. Listen to this one. Number 22. Shut the door to catch the thief. To capture the enemy, you must plan prudently if you want to succeed. Do not rush into action before you move in for the kill. First, caught off your enemies. Escape routes and caught off any routes through which outside help can reach them. So that is the opposite of having a golden bridge having to escape route that your people can get out of. So you've got to know, does that mean they're both invalid? No, actually, to me, it means they're both valid. But you need to recognize because, for instance, let's say you're in a situation where you surround the enemy and all of a sudden they start fighting really hard. Because you're like, yeah, I'm going to fall 22. I'm going to start around everyone. I'm going to keep them locked in there. You do that and they start fighting really hard and you're losing a lot of guys. And then you know, hey, open up a little spot from the escape and let them run away and we'll be waiting for them over here. So there's because things are opposite, do not does not mean they negate each other. Yeah, it's one of those deals where you know, it's circumstantial. Right, like in GJ2. It's like, oh, yeah, does this scenario, you know, going against this guy? Does this should I use strength and power and should I hustle a lot? Will that strategy work with this guy? Or is it like, okay, I should play more passive or something like that? No, no, that's true. And actually to get even more tactical, in GJ2, you could, you could, let's say you mount someone and they start just getting crazy because they don't want to think we're good, getting completely nuts and you're trying to choke them, try to choke them because you've got everything. And they're getting nuts and you can't do it. If you open a little spot from where they think they can sneak out, but you're waiting for them there with the Arnlock. Yeah, yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that is really how it kind of works. Where, yeah, when you get mount you want to hold position, I mean, as far as traditional GJ2 for lack of better term, you get mount you want to hold the position, right? You don't want to lose position, you get flipped over. But if you can hold the mount good, but if he's big strong, he starts, you know, that last desperation attempt, boom, you got to kind of let him hopefully turns over. Yeah, really, that's usually what they do if they're experienced. And then boom, you, so you essentially give up the mount, but you could even, like if you talk about a big strong guy that's your more extreme, even just, you could prevent them from pushing you up and away, right? You could block that door down when there's no escape or you could let him do it a little bit. You know, that little thing in the bone. Yeah, Armlock, just whatever is better for the situation. Sure. Next, the friend a distant state while attacking a neighbor, it is known that nations that border each other become enemies while nation separated by distance, next, number 23, be friend a distant state while attacking a neighbor. It is known that nations that border each other become enemies while nation separated by distance and obstacles make better allies. When you are the strongest in one field, your greatest threat is from the second strongest in your field, not the strongest from another field. That's a, that's a good thing to think about. That's a good thing to think about. When you're the strongest in one field, your greatest threat is from the second strongest in your field. That makes sense. See that business all the time, right? The company that makes pizzas isn't worrying about the company that makes cars. Right? No more about the other companies that make pizzas. No. Next, 24. Uptained safe passage to conquer the state of Gio. Gio is a state. Barrow, the resources of an ally to attack a common enemy. Once the enemy is defeated, use those resources to turn on the ally that lent you them in the first place. That's underhanded situation right there. It's underhanded situation right there. Isn't that, yeah, it's bad. Yeah, careful with that one. But you can see, now it's something you gotta watch out for. Well, if that's your enemy to begin with, I'm assuming. Yeah, I'll fit your enemy to begin with, but how much of your enemy is going to help you. Now they help you and then you just turn this. Stop it, stop it. I'm careful about that one. I think that's the definition of backstabbing. Yeah. Yeah, that might be the definition. That is the actual definition. All right, next one, strategies for deception situations. Number 25, replace the beams with rotten timbers. Disrupt the enemy's formations interfere with their methods of operations, change the rules which they are used to following and go contrary to their standard training. That's all really good stuff. In this way you remove the supporting pillar, the common link that makes a group of men and effective fighting force. This goes back to what you just said. I mean, it's clearly go away from what they're used to. Right? That's what you did to us supposed to be. Everyone's going to like you said. You're going to stand and try and punch you. We're not going to do that. We're going to take them down to the ground. Next, 26. Point at the mulberry tree while cursing the locus tree. To discipline, control, or warn others who status position or status or position excludes them from direct conversation or confrontation, use analogy in a new window. When names are not used directly, those accused cannot retaliate without revealing their complicity. Oh, oh, that's sneaky. You know, that's like we're in the meeting. And there's the person up the chain of command. They haven't been showing up on time and you start saying, you know, we got people, you know, Bill hasn't been on time. And you're really talking about them. I have to use this sometimes. I have to use this sometimes because we will work with companies. And the company, let's say, let's say the CEO brings us into the company. Sometimes we figure out that the CEO is the one that's the root of the problem. And one of the reasons that they're the root of the problem is because they don't think they need to change anything. And so they bring us into change everyone else. Guess who needs to change? The big man. The big man, the reason that they don't want to change is because they got the ego that prevents them from listening. So to go in and directly confront them on what they need to change is not going to be effective. So to go in and give, I've given a whole presentation. I did this one time when I gave a whole presentation. Maybe I've done it more times, but there's one time that I specifically remember, I gave a whole presentation. And to the 15 people, the senior executive leadership of a company, the entire presentation was directed at one person, the CEO. And I was going, it was about ego, it was about keeping that in check and how you don't know everything and how you get a light. You're listening, you're subordinates and all those things. You wasn't doing anything. Thanks. Yeah. Isn't there a basic tactic that I think people do all the time, instead of, you know, like I'm the boss, I'm holding a company meeting, whatever. And you know, let's say there's one guy who always shows up late to work. I don't know. And in the meeting he'll be like, hey guys, we, we've got to show up on time. It's very important, but just the very, the use of the word we rather than pointing at one guy, you know, we've got to show up on time. We've got to do this. It's kind of like the person who he's talking about kind of like, he feels. Yeah, that's a good way to start. There's some people that even, they're not part of that way. And so sometimes you have to escalate that into you. Yeah, but that defeats the purpose of that. That's the strategy. That strategy. You can, if this strategy doesn't work, you might have to escalate into something a little bit more direct. You know, break out the battle acts. Yeah. That's always the last option. Just to make sure everyone wants to break out the battle acts. That's what everybody wants to do. Next 27. Fain Madness. But keep your balance. Hide behind the mask of a fool, a drunk or a mad man, to create confusion about your intentions and motivations. Lower your opponent into underestimating your ability until overconfident he drops his guard. Then you may attack. Yeah. Is that like the movie Whiteman can't jump? You ever see that? So he did it. Woody. Oh, he made it like he couldn't play ball. Yeah, like he was just this dark, what he called a chomp, whatever that's what they'd call. Yeah. Chomp, like he's super darky. He goes in everyone else. Boom, flashy and all this stuff he comes in. He's super nerdy. And boom, of course they pay a cab, kind of thing. And then he beats. Would he beat them with flashiness or would he beat them with traditional, let's call it, just who's your style hard work. Yeah. That's good. No, he had legitimate skill. He was like this. So yeah, he'd come in. He'd be super dorky. And then at first he tricked them. So he came in, the introduction to him. He was like the acting old dorky. And then the guy's the Westy Snaps in them. They're all playing basketball. And they're, you know, getting into a little argument, whatever. One guy gets hurt, where he's bunning. I don't know something. And they're like, hey, we need another guy. And then the guy's like, you know, let's, you don't get him or whatever. So they're like, ha ha ha, you know, yeah, you got him, whatever. They play. He ends up to be pretty good. Doesn't show a lot. But he's like pretty solid. And then they're like, hey, you guys lucked out. You had this, you know, dorky guy. You guys kind of lucked out. And he's like, oh, yeah, you know, maybe you did luck out. Or maybe I'm just better than you. But they're already convinced he's this dorky guy. And they're like, I'm better than you. He's like, all right. Well, it's that kind of thing. And they're already convinced. It's full shark. It's just scenario. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Same exact thing. Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty obvious one. And I think one thing that again, to take away from this is if you know these things, you're less likely to be suckered in by them. Yeah. That's the most important thing. Yeah, that you see the pool shark thing. I saw a guy who really comes late, tried to do that. He'd come out and worked in that club. We had a pool table in there. And this guy came in and he like acts like he's like, he comes in just a normal guy. He comes in with his own kill by the way. His own pool stick, which is an indicator. Yeah, like total giveaway. And he comes in and then immediately when he kind of enters the little scene, the little area where he acts like he's just kind of drunk and just real oblivious. He just totaled just switches to a different guy. And here's the thing. We, you can't let drunk people walk around in the bar. So, you know, when waitresses or other manager would come by, they'd be like, hey, is that guy's too drunk? Like, why are you kind of like, keep an eye on him? And I'm like, right, he's not drunk. He's like acting drunk. So I go talk to him just to sort of make sure. And he's just like, I'll know him. I'll talk to him in like that. But yeah, he tried. No, I mean, it wasn't like no one to get money from. He wouldn't get money from anyone. Well, here's the thing. No, because it was like a nightclub. It wasn't a competitive pool. No one cares. No one's gonna take his nose even in a bed. They're like, bro, we're just cruising. Like, why are you wanting to bet kind of, I'm not saying that happened, but I'm saying that's the attitude. I guess in this day and age, you'd have to be pretty dumb. To fall for this in a pool hall scenario. I'll beat this guy. You got to really think you could beat him. Right? Oh, there was just a big dumb. All right, next. Remove the ladder when the enemy has ascended to the roof. This is another one that kind of is a little bit contradictory. With baits and disruptions, lower your enemy into treacherous terrain. Then caught off his lines of communication and avenue of escape to save himself. He must fight both your own forces and the elements of nature. Okay, I see what makes it a little bit different. It's the elements of nature part. Because otherwise we're just doing something that we talked about wasn't good, which is don't give them any escape. They're gonna fight really hard. But if you put them in a situation where they got a fight to both the elements of nature and you, that makes sense. 29. Deck the tree with false blossoms. Tying silk blossoms on the dead tree gives the illusion that the tree is healthy through the use of artifice and disguise makes something of no value of pure valuable, of no threat, of pure dangerous, of no use, of pure useful. Pretty straightforward. No, does a lot of that. Stilt's, you roll with stilt's. He like baits. He puts his arms, he's super flexible. And he'll put his arm away over there and be all obvious. I've tried to tell him, stilt, when you hear this, if you backed off your exposure, a little bit, it'd be more believable. Yeah. Right? Doesn't smell real. It doesn't smell real. He like taps the ground with his arm. He sticks it all out there, like, and he bends it enough. So it's almost in a perfect camera. Like, I've got a new is go for this, but he's so flexible. If you go for it, he's gonna off-bound and he's gonna put his hooks in. Yeah. Because he's six foot something, like six foot six. You're six. And flexible. Everything with him. I don't know if this is the case or not, but everything, because I think this everyone's in one. Where he's overdoing it because he's trying, you know, it's like a, like a charade. Right. That might be part of it. Yeah. He's overdoing that so much that you don't do it, because, and actually, actually, you're right, we've had that conversation. He's told me before that sometimes he would stick something out because he knew I had it so good that if you just try to make it look so obvious, I wouldn't go for it. He was right. He's actually correct. There's a lot of times when I see him do something, I'm suspect with everything he does. Yeah. Everything he does, I'm suspect. Yep. Any 200. Like you think you're gonna pass the guard, he's gonna, he's got some little scam. Go. He's trying to trick you. So be careful. Number 30. Some scam. Scam. And stab you in the back. Make the host and the guest exchange roles. You serve leadership in a situation where you are normally subordinate. Infiltrate your target. Initially, pretend to be a guest, to be accepted, but develop from inside and become the owner later. I like that. Well, that's the same thing I already talked about, the fire department scenario. Because that method is a lot better than the method of battle acts, because you don't even make it through the front door, if you're holding an axe, right? I don't want to let you in there. And yet, actually, the more I listen to you kind of is, the battle acts approach really, most of the time all that does is create another war. For sure. Like you just basically took one war and made another war in there. Now you got two major wars by the way. That seems to be the result. You know, just to give everyone a little bit of relief, where the battle acts is appropriate. 100% appropriate is with yourself in your own life. You know what I mean? That's the difference. That doesn't give anybody relief. Yeah, it does. Because you can use that. You want to use it. I'm not at all. You want to use it. But you got to use it on yourself. No, no, no, no, no. Oh, you're saying people don't want to use it. People want to use it on yourself. How do you get a picture yourself? You fix it. I will listen. I mean, well, you got that weakness. I'm going to talk to you. I know, let's see. That's the exact thing I'm talking about with you. Because the strange thing is that the other methodology doesn't work with yourself. If you're like negotiating with yourself like you know what, I'm not really that weak. I'm going to play the long game with myself. Yeah, I know what. I thought I just want to know. Not that big of a deal. Yep. I mean, really, just want to know. No, don't do that. Battle acts. Yeah, see. So that yet again goes along with your whole thing where, but I don't want to hear that. When I say, I want to bring out the Battle acts. Right, Jockel. Right. Do you want it to be for everyone else? Yeah, that's not for you. Yeah, that's not for you. Yeah, that's not for me. But that's not the way it works. You know, you only can use the Battle acts on yourself. That's where you use it. And when you do that, what you do is you do solve the problem. It's the actual. So it's interesting. There's a dichotomy here. I tell people with everyone else, don't use the Battle acts. That's where they want to use the Battle acts. They don't want to use the Battle acts on themselves. That's where I tell them to use the Battle acts. Yeah. It's a strange world. So you can share that right there. Right there. Life gets a lot easier. Yeah, it gets hard grip. First, but it ends up easier. Yeah, it's so 1,000 million percent. Can something be 1,000 million percent? Really? But if it could, this was one of those things. Yeah, because it's yet again one of your things where it's like, hey, Jockel, I'm trying to do this. I need to do this. Tell me the best way to do it. And your answer is, okay, this is how you do this better. It's, hey, you don't want to do that. You want to do this. Oh, by the way, that's the exact opposite of what you think you need to do. That's your whole thing. Same exact thing with your Battle acts analogy. I'm like, hey, I need to take a Battle Act to my boss man. He just doesn't get it. All this stuff. And you're like, oh, yeah. Oh, no, you don't. You actually have to take the Battle Act to yourself. That's your whole thing. Yeah, so it is. Yeah, because if you take the Battle Act to your boss, you're going to get, yeah, you have to create another one. Take it to yourself. And you cut off the, the hostility. You, you, you smash the, the hostility that you have towards your boss. If you use the Battle Act on that hostility, you start treating him with respect and trying to build a relationship. Guess what? You're going to win. If you use the Battle Act on him, he's going to break out a bigger Battle Act and guess what? He has one because he's the boss. You've got a much bigger Battle Act. He has he does. And technically, isn't that the whole watering the roots thing? You know, this is systemic problem. So I'll start with yourself. You know, that's, that's definitely part of it. Yeah, kind of. That's part of it. You did it in there. First, strategums for desperate situations. Number 31, the beauty trap. Send your enemy, beautiful women to cause discord within his camp. The strategy can work on three levels. First the rule will become so enamored with the beauty that he neglects his duties and allows his vigilance to wait. Second other males at court will begin to display aggressive behavior that inflames minor differences hindering cooperation and destroying morale. Third other females at court motivated by jealousy and envy begin to plot intrigues further exacerbating the situation. This is also known as the honey trap. Honey, champ. They do that on Rambo. First blood part two. He had that. Remember that coal-hort. You have the chip man. He had a girl of Vietnamese girl, if I'm not mistaken. Her name is Cole. Yep. So they go and they got to take down. You know, they got to save the Piotobies. And the girl disguises herself as I think of Vietnamese prostitute. If I'm not mistaken, I want a moped. Honey trap. Yeah. So they're like, oh, neglecting their duties, all this stuff boom, they come in. But to add to the whole scenario, she's like actual warrior. They're like double legs. And you know, she's getting after it. I think totally getting after it. Check. Number 32, the empty fort strategy. When the enemy is superior numbers in your situation is such that you expect to be overrun at any moment, then drop all pretense of military preparedness and act calmly so that the enemy will think you're setting an ambush. This strategy is to be used sparingly. And only after one has first developed a reputation for military prowess. This also depends on having a clever opponent who in perceiving the trap may overthink his reaction. Don't take guts. But I guess the, it not only takes guts, but you might not have any other choice. Right? Like your chances, like, oh, okay, we're just going to act like this is no big deal. Just going to act like this is no big deal. Who is telling me a story about that? Maybe it was you. Or maybe it was Jade. About being an Australia? Were you telling me about that? Was that Jade? Possibly. What was the story? Oh, like, oh yeah, I was telling you. Going through the alley. Yeah, it was telling you about Jade's story. Okay, yeah, yeah. Was that on the podcast that you did that? I don't think so. But the point is, Jade had a choice. Act like, okay, so he sees a situation could be hostile. And his choice was like, okay, I don't believe in have a choice here. I can either act scared in which case I'm going to become a victim. That's, that's, or I can act non-soulant. And there's a possibility I don't become a victim because they see that I'm like, whatever. And so that's what he did. And guess what? The guy was like, good, hey, hey. Oh, good. Yeah, luckily, Australia. Next. 33. Let the enemies own spy so discord in the enemy camp. The man your enemy's ability to fight by secretly causing discord between him and his friends, allies, advisors, families, commander, soldiers, and population. While he is preoccupied and settling internal disputes, his ability to attack or defend his compromised. Some reason I have the word truth written here. And I think the reason, oh, this is what I have. This is why I have that there. I was thinking to myself, how do you do this? And one of the best ways to so discord amongst people is to tell them the truth about what's happening. How so? Well, you've got some enemy camp. And you start saying, hey, look. So it's a look how the boss is living. Oh, my God. Let's just pay attention to how the boss lives. I'm just telling you the truth. The truth is the boss eating crab legs every night. Yep. Yes, what you're eating? Chicken patties? So I was on the ship. I think it was the US as Cleveland. And there was a underground newspaper on the ship. But there was basically leakers that were telling the troops, the sailors on the ship, what they were eating in the wardrobe where the officers were. Yeah. That word started getting around. We were eating chicken patties. Dryed in chicken patties for 48 days straight. You can't wait. Hey, that's a lot of chicken patties. You're not going to do it. You're not going to do it. You're not going to want it. You're more chicken patties. But then you get worried that there are crab legs. That was the big one. I don't even like crab legs. But everyone else seemed like crab legs. They were mad when they found out that's what the wardrobe is. So what they did was just telling the truth, cause discord. Just telling the truth. Yeah, makes sense. Now I'm going to question you to weave in some wise, right? But just I'm saying this often times the truth is the most powerful. You know, weapon. Yeah. To cause discord. Now I'll always tell you that truth is the most powerful weapon. Definitely. Truth is the most powerful weapon that you have. Like just in general. Just in general. Just in general. The truth is the most powerful weapon you have for yourself. Mm-hmm. Be truthful yourself. You can be truthful with people around you. Now, does this mean you tell the truth every single time? No, because you sometimes the chicken is dry and you just need to do that to yourself. Right? That's a legit one we talked about before. But truth is definitely the most powerful tool that you have. And even when it comes to creating discord, the best, let me put it to you this right. Let me just, I don't want to go through this whole tangent. But the best, if you're going to create discord, it's more powerful to create discord using the truth than it is trying to create discord. Yeah, make it a little bit more life. Because the lie can be unwound and figured out the truth. When they go, well, now that's not true. And then you go, oh wait, that is true. That's a problem. That's a real problem. 34. Inflict injury on oneself to win the enemy's trust. Pretending to be injured has two possible applications. In the first, the enemy is lulled into relaxing his guards and see no longer considers you an immediate threat. The second is a way of ingratiating yourself to your enemy by pretending the injury was caused by a mutual enemy. I've told that little bit of trust. Remember when I talked about, when you, if you come to me in your emotional, you're all mad about something and I have to to tamper down the emotion, but I can't, I have to show you some of the same emotion. I reflect it, but I diminish it a little bit. That's a way of building trust between us, right? Well, the same thing. If I'm like, oh look what you come to look what they did to me. And I go look what they did to me too. Yeah. Yeah, let's say think. And did me too, look at this. I'm also mad at them. We're team now. Yeah. I do that with my daughter, by the way. What's up? When she had a hang nail, this is the last night even. Hang nail. And she didn't know what a hang nail is. I think it's her first hang nail. She's five. Sad. It's sad because you got all those hang nail, what hang nails coming your way. Yeah. All those rich hang nail future. Yeah. So I'm like, yeah, I see just little things. Yeah, that you stepped into me when I was little too. So it's kind of like, oh, we both kind of have that same scenario. Same thing. Dude, the mutual hang nail hatred is, you know, let's bring the team together. You let it get in hang nails. I'm telling you, it's real. It's real. I don't know, I'm not. I'm 100% on board hang nails. Really? I know you had hang nails, man. When I have them too. Yeah. We're tight. A little bit of bond. 35 chain strategms. An important matter is one should use several strategms applied simultaneously after another as in a chain of strategms. Keep different plans operating in an overall scheme. However, in this manner, if any one strategy fails, then the chain breaks and the whole scheme fails. Now I completely agree with the first part of this, which is, yeah, you should train these things together, which is obviously what we do in the jitter. You use one move and that's setting up another move, which is setting up another move and that fence, that one sets up another move. But I don't agree with the fact that if one of them breaks, they all, the whole thing falls apart, but that shouldn't be necessarily true. You should set up your strategy gyms. Your strategy gyms that you expect that some of them are not going to fail a little bit, and that's okay, because that's why you got the back up on. Right? Yeah, see me second. Am I wrong? I don't think you're wrong enough. And chaining things together, that's, you have to do that. You have to hit from multiple angles and you have to have, that's the, that's the you loop, right? That's okay. And then you're going to react and I'm going to do this. I'm going to be there and the next one there, we're the next one and there, we're the next one. Having a heads up on things makes such a big difference. In other words, just so much of winning in jitter, is that I know what you're going to do before you do it. So much of winning in combat is I know what you're going to do before you do it. Setting these things up properly, chaining them together, so that the enemy doesn't know, the opponent doesn't know the next thing in the chain, but you do. Yeah. I think he, that's powerful. Yeah. I agree. It seems like he's looking at it like the chain of stradden gyms is like a total pull where it should be like a tree or like a web or something where you can kind of go and this can break off and it can, but yeah, his one is like like a straight up, like actual chain. Yeah. One length breaks is like, oh, yes. True. Last one, number 36, if all else fails, retreat, important one, if it becomes obvious that your current course of action will lead to defeat then retreat and regroup. When your side is losing, there are only three choices remaining. Surrender, compromise or escape. Surrender is complete defeat. We don't want that compromise is half defeat. Might be an okay outcome, especially when compared to the alternative, which is just surrender, which is total defeat. But escape is not defeat, as long as you are not defeated, you will still have a chance. And I think that's a fitting end to this. And again, this is something that people get wrapped around all the time. They don't want to give up, they don't want to give up, they don't want to give up. In skydiving. You have a malfunction. If you have a malfunction, you try and fix it for a little while at 2000 feet. I think that was what I learned, the military freefall. At 2000 feet, you make the decision. I'm not going to get that parachute open. I'm going to cut that one away and I'm going to bring out my secondary. But guys would, you know, in the parachute world, and right now the parachutes are getting so good that it's a lot more rare. But guys would get target fixation on trying to fix the bad parachute that was up there. And they look at it, look at it, try and fix it, try and fix it, try and fix it, and then they did hit. So sometimes you've got to retreat. It's okay. It's okay. Surrender is complete defeat. Compromise is half the feet, but escape is not defeat. And as long as you are not defeated, you still have a chance. So retreating is smart sometimes. That's okay. And I think that's a good lesson. It's okay to retreat, but never, never surrender. And that's that book. Which definitely some good lessons in there. Learn some new ones, reinfer some other ones. Hoping that everyone out there listening learned something from that too. If you did anyone give the podcast some support, cheap boha. And here's how you can do it. And support yourself by the way. Actually, could be the more important thing. I think so. Yes. I think it's the more important thing. Yeah, man. Because yeah, like on the plane, right? You know the oxygen masks. It's coming down. Right. You can't just start putting the mask on your kit. No, what if you suffocate? Yeah. You can't help nobody. You can't support your help yourself first. You can't support what we're doing here. If you're not on the path, right? Yeah. That's the primary. That's what. So to begin, good way. Let's start with the origin, feeding name for the way to begin the support. Get it? Origin layers. And the industry, we call those layers. Anyway, origin. This is what origin is. It is a American-made company. It delivers American-made products. Starting with geese, jujitsu geese. Ford jujitsu. Not just generic geese with the name on it. Yeah, not bad. No. Not generic. That's something. You don't think kind of geese where you'd be like, hey, you know what? I think I'm going to go down to the market right now. I'm going to put on my ghee. You know, maybe if you're doing that, you maybe don't need an origin gig. You get whatever ghee. Go down to the market. Yeah. But if you're doing jujitsu with your ghee, we recommend. You go with the origin ghee, which is made in America, which is awesome. The cotton is grown in the past. Yes, grown here. American hands. People are working. People are working in Maine. We're bringing that back. So yeah. Get those. And raspberries as well. Yeah. The woven material here. Yeah, they kind of got everything. They got, you know, regular clothes as well. Joggers, sweat suits. Silent nut. It's having a discussion, which I'm not going to go into. But I will go into this part of the discussion. I've been discussion with someone that was like, basically telling me, like, well, you know, this business, what this business is hard. What we do is hard in this business. They're trying to tell me that's what they were doing in this business was hard. Yeah. And it's not that hard. Well, what you're doing, and trust me, what they're doing is not that hard. Trust me, there's some businesses. I work with a lot of different businesses. And complex businesses out there in the world really complex. The business, particularly that I was talking to, that was having this discussion with, that was telling me how hard their business was, which what does that sound like to you? When someone's like, oh, you know, it's really hard. That's an excuse. Of course. Hey, if it's easy, everyone would be doing it, right? Yeah. It's really hard. This business is really hard. And I was like, you want to talk about hard? I'm like, try getting an ancient loom up and running and weaving material. There hasn't been done in 40 years here in America. We've even, there's 8 million little threads going into this thing. I started mad out. You know, I'm telling you, your business is hard. Yeah. That seems hard. That's hard. But it's being done right here in America. Yeah. Big head of origin. Oh, yeah. Really good stuff on there. Also supplements. Jocco supplements. Okay. Your fair, krill oil and discipline and milk. So consider these four. They all kind of play into each other. Joint warfare. Obviously warfare against degeneration of joints. Not against your joints. It's for the joints. It's your joints, we gene war on degeneration. Anyway, good work. However you want to spin it, nonetheless, it's for your joints krill oil. Same thing. Omega-3s. Really good for general health as well. If you like protein supplements, milk. See what I did there. I didn't call it protein powder. That's good. That's good. It's very understated too, which I'm down with. You can understate it because the bottom line is if you like delicious things in the world, you're going to like milk. Yeah. So milk is peanut or not peanut butter. It's going to be peanut butter chocolate. It's going to be peanut butter chocolate butter. Yeah. And those are inbound. Yeah, someone sent me a picture. Tweet. I think it's not Twitter. On hand chocolate milk, jug, other hand milk. He said I'm going to take it for the team to the experiment. Remember? I said, mix the milk with chocolate milk. See what up? It might be too chocolatey. It might be. It was the deal with it. I don't know. He just said he's going to do it. He didn't even bring the gift. Yeah. It's kind of just indicated he was commencing with the experiment. That's kind of jacked up. We will have milk at the immersion camp. Judged to immersion camp August 26th through September 16th. Up in Maine on echo lake layers. So come up and hang out with me with life with echo with Dave Burke. Still not 100% on JP. But yeah, we're going to be up there in Maine. Doing jugitsu. And hang it out. Oh, and Dean Lister. Oh, yeah. No big deal. Dean Lister. And Andy's going to. It looks like Andy's going to. Andy Burke's going to be going. So we will be all just training and getting after it. And hanging out. Here's the thing. It doesn't sound as dope when we're there. But he has a thing. It is ultimately. Well, yeah, because you can only do jugitsu. How many hours a day can you do? Diu-diu-diu. Well, you know, depends on who you are. Obviously. Call it eight. We'll call it eight. So eight and eight. So eight hours. Then you sleep for eight hours. What does that leave you? Eight more or so. Eight more hours. You got to fill those eight hours. I think you know. That's eight hours. Eight hours of cruise cruising. Cruising some. Big time. I'll be cruising. Speak time. If I'm not doing the shoot shots. Actually, so I'll be halfway in just to halfway out. You got the injury. Limited. Do you get to limited? Not too limited. But we'll just say limited. Anyway, yes. Yes, August 26th to September 2nd. Is it? Yep. You know. Also, good way to support is go to joccostore.com. That's right. Jocco is a store. It's called jocco store. Anyway, it's where you can get T-shirts, rash guards, hoodies, hats, you know, all these stuff products. We'll say that we put out this political freedom shirts. What's the new, what did I put out there that's new? Oh. Is there a new discipline? It goes for you to me. Is that up yet? Yes. Oh, that's cool. It's not up yet. It will be up in a couple weeks. It'll be up in a couple, maybe even one week. So it could be up technically by the time. So it's up. So it's up. It's cool. But you sure does up. Yeah, just when you go through new one. But yeah, if you want to represent, go there at joccostore.com. Use the word represent. I like that. There it is, boom. I think it's the new one is take the high ground or the high ground. I'll take you. That's a fact. Something like that. Unless if you actually have an email list, right, and then don't really talk about this, it's an offer it. And then want it to be an annoying thing. Sometimes you go to a website. It'll pop up in your face and you can't like, put it on. Put it on your design. You know, trying to know. Because people want to, they actually use the word. Capture. Capture. Capture your email. Yeah. Yeah, I don't want to capture it. We're so out of the way. You're going to actually think about it. What is not in the game. Well, I can say it. The whole thing. Like you just said, like, how I mean, even your tone indicated how you feel when I pop up with a form, you know, comes in. It's kind of like when you, like, let's say you go in a first date with someone and they give you like a contract or something. It's kind of like, hey, sign this before we can take any steps forward with what we already plan we were doing by the way. Anyway, we do have an email like you can sign, put your email and sign up for the email list. If you want and it's there, it's accessible. But I think it's on the bottom. From the other website, on the other website. Anyway, it's there. It will not be a pop up in here. I'm never. And forth ever, never, never, ever, ever. And for the more, if you sign up for that, you won't get the daily, oh, you know, this and that and this and that and this and that and this and every day. Because it looks face it, yeah, I signed up for, I think it was bug K. It's called, it's like knives and stuff. They're just cool. Nice. So I signed up for that one and every single day, man, I'm getting the thing, I'm like, cool, the first day, I'm like, cool, that's cool. Second day, I'm like, cool, that's kind of the same thing as you sent me yesterday. Whatever daily, man, daily. So that feeling I got. I don't want other people to have that feeling about Jockel's store. So anyway, you can sign up for the email list if you want. And what I will send you every four months, if ever, I'll send you an email that says, okay, if there's a new shirt that everyone was required. You know how like take the high road or the high road to take you? Like people, so many people were emailing me saying, hey, we should do this one. Do this should do. So it's kind of that. You know, it's like everyone's input, okay, new shirt, Beaumont email and everybody okay, it's like that kind of stuff and it's very rare. Check. You've got an input before it's here. I'm going to one time you ask for colors. Right. Yeah. So yeah, that kind of stuff. It won't be annoying stuff. Like, hey, three things that you don't care about. Click, you know, I won't do that stuff ever, ever. Check. Nonetheless, that's what's going on. Jockel's store.com. If you want to represent, get some stuff, get some stuff. Good way to support. Also subscribe to the podcast, this podcast. iTunes, wherever Google Play Stitcher, leave reviews and all that stuff. And also if you didn't know, we got the Warrior Kid podcast, which, yeah, you might not think that you would listen to it, but if you got kids, definitely they'll dig it and good podcast to listen to. lately I've been lately I've been telling stories from Uncle Jake, from when Uncle Jake was a kid. And Jake is sharing stories of his childhood that have the lessons in them. Big, big lessons. Yeah, even big lessons. And but they're not their stories. Yep. And that's been kind of the direction. The last couple podcasts have had a story from Uncle Jake. Story from Uncle Jake that we can all learn from. So that is the Warrior Kid podcast. I answer some questions from more of your kids. And then they're short to they're like 20 minutes because kids should not be sitting around listening to for our podcast. We only do that because we got to work to do commute, all that stuff. Yeah, yard work. Yeah, it's kind of good for the parent actually really good for the parents and teachers, by the way. No, I got great feedback from parents and teachers. Absolutely. Because it's like, these questions, I mean, a lot of their questions, like Q&A, kids questions, you know, listen in and you answer them eloquently. I might add Uncle Jake's pretty eloquently. Yeah, I like to think so for sure. But in real life, these kids ask their parents these questions or the teacher, you know, and sometimes, you know, maybe the teacher on the spot, maybe his busy or maybe they don't know or something like that. So like, you know, I see it. I know that I do it for myself when I listen to them, like, okay, boom. Because I've heard that question before. And these answers little bit better than mine. You know, check. Also the YouTube channel. Yeah, we got a YouTube channel. It's called Jockel Podcast. And that's where Echo puts the videos and the video excerpts and enhanced video excerpts. So you can check that out too, which is cool. And yeah, do that. Just go to a good way to support. For sure, subscribe to you already said iTunes and stuff. Google Play. Yeah, that's a good way to support that. I mean, in easy obvious thing, but it is a good way to support legitimately. Check. Also on it.com slash Jockel, by the way. What is on it? We all don't want it on it. But if you don't know, it's where you can get the best fitness gear. So where you get all mine. Just, I was going to get a bag. I like the same bag, thanks. Yeah. I got one. Yeah, yeah. They're good. They're good. Yeah, like so it was pretty good for the big functional strides. Yeah, like you know how you know what I got to figure out though. Remember that bag that they had up in a main, the 200 pounds bag. I got to figure out what the deal is with that. So I can rehearse. It's actually pretty simple. If you got to make a game time adjustment, to do it, you'd be like, okay, this is part. Is it press it? no, just clean it. Yeah, put it over your shoulder. You have to shoulder it. Yeah, okay. So the thing is, and tell me if this is cheating. Okay, so to lay out the scenario, there's a 200 pound bag of gravel. That's what it is. Yeah, 200 pounds. Which is heavy. No handles. No handles. It's a sack of gravel. Not a canvas like me, not a the ghee. It's like nylon. Yeah. So it's real flowy. 200 pounds dead. You see dead weight. It's extra dead weight anyway. So, and you got to just put it in your shoulder. That's it. Pick it up off the ground, put it in your shoulder. So tell me if this is cheating. So I did it in a, a, a, a, a, a succeeded. But I tried, not the first time. I tried it once, and I was like, oh, and you know, it falls down. I'm like, man. But Mike, one of the guys there, he said, hey, when you lift it up first, you got to keep the weight on the forward part. Because even when you lift it up, it kind of divides the bag kind of into, because it flows, you know, the gravel kind of flows to the ends or whatever. You got to divide it up, but when you do divide it up, you got to keep more of the weight on the, on the front part, not on the, the part closer to you. Because it'll just flow down and it just doesn't work. His, his explanation way more short than that. But, um, so is that cheating? So I was like, all right, I did it. And then I, and then it was easy. No, it's not easy. Oh, okay. Yeah, it's hard. Like, if you practice or something, it'll be easy, of course. I mean, you're strong enough to do it for sure. Um, but technique. There's some technique to get it up there. Yeah, it's, it's hard. But nonetheless, um, the, my point was with the bag is, you know, how, okay, you know, you lift a bunch of weights in this guy and, or me or whatever, we can bench a lot. Squat a lot. But then, you know, when you're doing like you yard work, and you got to, I don't know, shovel a bunch of dirt in the wheelbarrow and you're picking it up. And you're trying to lift it up this little hill and you're like, well, it's like when you roll with guys that work construction, they have, they have legit strength that comes to the other side. Exactly right. So I'm like, man, I'm by one of these bags and just sort of like have it part of the workout. You know, do some hills or something with it, you know, do it. Okay. Anyway, on it, I'm so sure there's a lot of cool stuff on there. They says in kettlebells, whatnot. All kinds of good stuff. Psychological warfare, album. You can run eye time to go play and be here. We're working on the second one. If you got something you want to, me to address Psychological, let me know now. And I'll start putting together a little list and we'll get it into your brain psychologically. Yep. And speaking of which, speaking of psychological, how is this for Psychological Ray here? Oh, man. There we go. It went through this. You know what that is? That right there. I'll go white tea in a can. You can get it. You can get it at Amazon right now. It's available in Canada too. And it tastes delicious. Which is fine. You want things that taste good. That's good. It's good for you. Replace the crap that you drink. The energy drinks that you drink, get rid of them. Yeah. Get this instead. You will absolutely feel better. You'll be more healthy. And bonus. You'll be able to deadlift 100% guaranteed 8,000 pounds. So that right there is good enough while you're on Amazon as well. You can get some books. We got the way of the Warrior Kid Books. Just check them out. Just check them out. That's my statement. Check them out. Warrior Kid Books. Feedbacks, unbelievable. Kids getting after it once they read those books. The discipline goes freedom field manual. How to get after it. Demand you want how to get after it. Yeah. And kind of stay after it. Yeah. So if you get after it for a couple hours and then that's all the getting after you're doing. Yeah. That's not going to happen. If you crack that book open though, you'll see. If you crack it open, if you want to listen to it, you can get it as an album with tracks, iTunes, Google Play, all that. It's not on audible. Extreme ownership, the other book. Been out for a while. It's still people still buying it. It's about leadership. It's about combat leadership in how to use combat leadership principles in your business in your life and obviously in combat as well. And then on top of that, late when I have a new book that we are, I keep saying that we just finished it. I think it was Tim Ferris, I heard say like, oh, he was writing a book and he was yam done with my book and one of his friends that was writer was like, okay, cool, you're 50% there. And that's the truth. When you get done writing it, you're 50% there. Because there's a ton of work that you still have to do. I finished this around of edits yesterday. And what's cool is reading the book. I'm super stoked on the book and people are going to get a lot out of it. It's called the Decautomy of Leadership. It comes out September 25th. My publisher, who listens to this podcast, who hears me say these things, doesn't get it. They're not going to order enough books. They're like, well, you know, you never know. We don't want to take too much risk. Order the book now so that you get a book when it comes out first to dish. You don't want second to dish, third to dish. That's lifetime evidence that you weren't in the game. Don't let it happen. Then when you meet me and you're like, can you sign your book? Sign my book and I was like, cool, you all sign your second edition book. Sabness. The first to dish, I'll be like, hey, we go back. We go back. So like the second edition, you'll just sort of sign your name and then with a line or something. But the first edition, you'll say, you're not sign the name. You like that you were in the game and you were to support that whole one and we're here together. Oh, second edition, how are you doing? Pooser. Are you a poser if you get the second edition? No. Maybe. Anyways, all kidding side, that's coming out September 25th. If you want to get that dichotomy leadership, how to balance all those little things you got a balance as a leader. That's what you got to do. Speaking of leadership, if you need leadership, training and decide your organization, echelon front, echelon front.com. We solve problems through leadership. It's me. It's life. JP Dave got my extra rally on board. Oh, got Flynn Cockroach on board. Oh, we're expanding. We're growing. Yeah, we're getting out of for good. And we got the master. The master's coming up in October. San Francisco, 17th and 18th. All the other masters have sold out. I think we're dropping a video. Probably already. This video will be dropped. Yeah, I know, but hasn't been circulated. So we're going to circulate little. What do you call that advertisement video? Yeah, technically. Information or video? Information. Information. It's more kind of like as if to say, is, I'm put exactly as possible. It's to say, hey, look, the countdown for this thing. Because we all lose coming. Number six. There's number five before that. Number eight. We knew it's coming. Hey, the countdown to this event is official. It's official. We're counting the days down right now. Cool. It's months, but San Francisco. October 17th and 18th. All the other ones have sold out. If you want to come, better get registered. Extreme ownership.com. And also, we got the roll call September 21st in Dallas, Texas. That is for uniform personnel. Please fire fighters. Conforcement, military, board of patrol, paramedics, first responders, all them. We put that together so that we can get out there one day real quick, leadership seven or four you all. So same thing registered. Extreme ownership.com. And get some. And if you want to continue this conversation with us virtually, until you see us live at the master. Or you see us live at the roll call or you see us live in August at the immersion camp up in Maine. Then during the time, were you waiting to see us live? Guess what? We can still kind of carry on this conversation. Virtually via the interwebs, Twitter, Instagram, and the Facebook. That goes at Echo Charles. And I am at Jocca Willink and speaking of those in the military for those of you in the military that hold the line against evil. And also to those that are in police and law enforcement firefighters, paramedics, board of patrol, first responders, thanks to all of you for being ready to respond any time, any place. Thanks to your families as well for supporting you while you support us. And everyone else out there, thanks for listening, thanks for supporting, thanks for fighting, fighting to be smarter and stronger and faster and better, thanks for putting forth the effort every second of every day and thanks for remembering what the ancient spirit of Wu taught us. As long as you are not defeated, you still have a chance. So keep getting up and keep getting after it. Until next time, this is Echo and Jocco out.