 This is Jockel podcast number 140. Without controls and me, Jockel Willick. Good evening, I go. Good evening. If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming it on you, if you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, but make allowance for their doubting too. If you can wait and not be tired by waiting or being lied about, don't deal in lies or being hated, don't give way to hating and yet don't look too good nor talk too wise. If you can dream and not make dreams your master, if you can think and not make thoughts your aim. If you can meet triumph and disaster and treat those two imposters just the same. If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken, twisted by naves to make a trap for fools or watch the things you gave your life to broken. And stoop and build them up with worn out tools. If you can make one heap of all your winnings and risk it on one turn of pitch and toss and lose and start again at your beginnings and never breathe a word about your loss. If you can force your heart and nerve and sin you to serve your turn long after they are gone. And so hold on when there is nothing in you, accept the will which says to them, hold on. If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue or walk with kings nor lose the common touch, if neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you, if all men count with you but none too much. If you can fill the unforgiving minute with 60 seconds worth of distance run, yours is the earth and everything that's in it. And which is more, you'll be a man, my son. And that of course is the classic poem which is called if and it's by read your kippling. And of course we have covered some of his less, I guess famous has less famous poems on this podcast. We covered infantry columns, which a lot of people don't know the name infantry columns. But that's the poem that talks about boots, boots, boots. Moving up and down. Yeah that one. We read the young British soldier, which is about Afghanistan. We read a bit of Tommy. And of course kippling was an incredible writer. And he talked a lot about war, talked a lot about being a man and his own son, his one son John was killed in World War I. Not the battle of Lose and these are great poems. And I recently read a poem called the mental cases by Wilford Owen and when we got done with that podcast, I actually said I should have read it again. And I did and I said I go back to the beginning and listen to it again. But I should have actually picked it apart a little bit. Because it's kind of like what I said about Shakespeare when we did Henry the fifth. And I said, you can't get frustrated with Shakespeare. You can't think that you're just going to read Shakespeare and just get it. It doesn't work that way. There's more to it than that. There's more depth there. There's words you might not know. There's references that might not be obvious. There's and it's the same thing when you look at poems like this. There's more to them than you can get with just like reading it. Right? There's layers. There's what we're talking about. So the poem that I just read if is like I said it's a classic. It's read often. It should be read. But there's and that's part of the reason why I didn't cover it for a long time. Because I kind of thought everyone just knew it. But everyone knows that. Everyone knows that. Everyone knows that. Everyone's read that poem. It's actually not true. Talk to a lot of people. And I say, oh yeah, it's like, if. And they say, what's that? So in order to sort of solve that problem, we cover on the podcast. Now people will hear this poem and learn from it. And I want to spend a little bit of time breaking it down. Because there's all kinds of important lessons in it. Really solid, really solid guidance. And then when we understand it, then I'll go back and read it again. The way it's supposed to hit you when you know what's going on. So breaking it down a little bit. There's and there's themes in this that we've heard. I've talked about. And they're just consistent through time. So here it starts off. If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blame. Get on you. This someone's pretty self explanatory. Keep your head. Don't lose your temper. Stifle your emotions as I want to sound as podcast. And it's saying, especially when everyone else around you is not only losing their temper, but on top of that, they're blaming you. This is a little bit of ownership. This is a little bit of extreme ownership. And I've talked about that. When someone blames you for something, you know what you do? You say, yeah, you're right. It is my fault. This is what I'm going to do to fix it. You pathetic. You don't say that part. You keep that to yourself. When there's a problem and people have blamed you on you own it. Own it. And don't lose your temper. Stifle your emotions. Next line. If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, but make allowance for their doubting too. There's a little dichotomy here, right? So you got to be confident. Of course. Trust yourself. That's what it means. Believe in yourself. Even when other people are doubting you. You've got to trust that you're doing the right thing. You've got to trust that you're capable. You've got to trust that you can make this happen. That's what it means to trust yourself when all men doubt you. But there's a dichotomy here. And this is so important because that, because what that means, what that one line alone could lead to is, hey, I'm just going to be overconfident. Hey, I'm right. Everyone else is wrong. You don't get it. That's not what's being said here because there's a butt. That's the dichotomy part. The butt is the dichotomy part. Because while you got to believe in yourself, yes. And at the same time, you also have to make allowance for their doubts. That means you have to understand that you might have some issues. You might not be perfect. You might be wrong. You might not be as smart or as talented or as square to away. As you think you are and your idea that you came up with might not be the best one. So yes, you got to have confidence even when people are down in you, but you got to remember that they could be down in you for a good reason. You could be wrong. You should always have that in the back of your head. That's the dichotomy. Humble. Confident. But humble. That's what we're talking about. Next line. If you can wait and not be tired by waiting. Patience. That's about patience. I think I've told this. If I told this story about being on a ship and waiting for a child. Not that I can remember. Okay, so. Because on my first deployment as a seal on a ship in the Navy, we're overseas, we're spending a lot of time at sea. And to eat food, which was I'm not going to say it with scarce. But they feed you three times a day and on the type of ship I was on, and they'll be a ship. There's several hundred Marines on board. Obviously there's the sailors that run the ship. There's seals. We're, you know, an 18 man seal putt in on there. But everyone's got to be fed. What is child time? And so everyone will go to line up for child. You get in line. And the line would be long. And depending on the hungry yard, maybe you want to get up there a little early. Anyways, to make a long story short. So we get in line and whatever reason. They got this rule that you're not allowed to lean on the bulkhead. You know the bulkhead is in a plane I do. You know, playing what is it? That front part. Yeah, that's a front part. You know, it's a wall. Yeah. Basically on a ship or an aircraft, it's a wall. It's a bulkhead. So for whatever reason in the Navy, you're standing in the child line. You're not supposed to lean on the bulkhead. So imagine this. You're going to be standing there for your standing three inches from a wall, but you're not supposed to lean on it. Yeah. Now, this isn't a three minute stand. This is half an hour. This is 40 minutes waiting for the child to open up and then serve everybody. Right. And I remember I learned something about patience. Mm-hmm. Because then you get these guys that, you know, the people that they have a little bit of authority, and they're going to use it. Sure. And if given the opportunity, they will abuse it. They're going to take it to the next level. So there'd be some guys, not all of them. I was always my goal to make friends with anybody. I had anything to do with feeding on a ship. I wanted to be there, bro. Because then you get a couple extra chicken nuggets. You know, maybe you get an extra scoop full of ravioli, which is, which is important. It's important. Yeah. Big time. Especially when you're trying to pack on the mask. Right. So I try to be friends with all those people, but some of those guys, they didn't care about friends, right? They had that authority. Mm-hmm. And one of this one guy, I remember he had the authority. It was he was in charge of making sure that line was, you know, maintained discipline. And the line that was his deal. And he had a badge of some kind. I want to say he was a master gums, which is a job in the Navy. I think he, this guy was actually a master gums. So we had some kind of badge. Right? So that takes that authority out of two. One, maybe two notches. Yeah. He's coming at you. Yeah. So I'm standing in line one day. And I'm leaning on the bulkhead. Am I being a little bit lazy? Sure. I'm telling you, it's a long deployment, right? I'm leaning on the bulkhead. He comes over. Hey, no leaning on the bulkhead. You know what I did? What? Got off the bulkhead. I just stood up straight. Didn't get mad. Didn't get angry. He's doing his job. Not supposed to leave on the bulkhead. Just normal face. Yep. Okay. Was I a broken man? Was I a broken man? Did my, did my will break? I don't think so. What I did was I accepted. I was able to wait. And end not be tired by waiting. So be patient. This, this, the moral of that line. We'll technically, you weren't able to wait without getting tired because you leaned on the bulkhead. Right? You got corrected. I got corrected. And then I got untired. Gosh. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Next line. Or being lied about don't deal in lies. Mm-hmm. People are going to lie about you. Tell the truth. Tell the truth about what's going on. Getting caught in the web of lies. Not fun. No. You see it happen with people. I'm trying to think, remember when you're a little kid and you think you'd get away with some little web of lies. Oh, yeah. Like, yeah. Or you see your kids do it. Yeah. They, they tell a little lie about something and the web just encapsulates them. But adults do that too. You see that happen. You see that happen with, in politics. Yeah. You know, I never did this. You know what I mean? And then they have video. They have audio. And it's just, if that person would have said, hey, this is what I did. This is what I did. I'm sorry. I'm not a bad mistake. I throw myself to the judgment of the people, right? Okay, fair enough. But instead they make up some lie about, I'm not a lie. I'm never seen that woman before in my life. Yeah. Oh, really? We have a video of you. Yeah. Apparently quite acquainted with this woman. Or whatever. So yeah, don't get in the web of lies. It's not going to help you. Next line. Or being hated. Don't give way to hating. Now what's interesting about this is we actually have a name for these people now. Right? Haters. Haters. Right? That's a new word. I don't think there was such a thing as haters. When I was a kid, there was no such thing as haters. Yeah. There was someone that didn't like you. You wouldn't say that's a person's a hater. Yeah. No, it wasn't a thing. Well, there's an added like sprinkled in element. When you say hater, haters typically is like, some of the hates everybody. No, someone who hates everything. No, it's one there's an element of jealousy in there. That's what they hate. Okay. So I actually nailed this then. Actually, so as I was thinking about this, that's kind of what I thought. Some people aren't going to like you. For whatever reason, but oftentimes the reason isn't you. It's actually them. Yeah. That's it. It's them. It's their, they hate your success. They hate your happiness. They hate their, they hate the fact that you got whatever it is. Whatever it is that they want, right? That's jealousy. So yeah, some people are going to get, you know, they're going to be haters. Yeah. And so the recommendation here is, no, don't, don't give it back to them. Yeah. Yeah. There's a, you ever heard that the opposite of love isn't hate. The opposite of love is a difference. Yeah. So the opposite of hate is in difference, too. Right? Yeah. Right. That's sort of my recommended, recommended course of action. Someone that hates the fact that you're winning. I kind of feel sorry for him, right? But yeah, you've got to pass that, I guess. Yeah. If you get by the emotional part when someone's hating on you. Yeah. You do kind of, I mean, you can depends on who you are, I guess. But you can kind of feel sorry for him because it's like it's kind of a lonely, like actually I think when I say, I feel sorry for him. I think that's almost like a little bit of a, that's a little bit of ego of mine, too. Like a little dig like, like I feel sorry for that. Right. It's a defense mechanism of my own. I think, you know what I mean? Yeah. It's kind of a back, it's a backhanded insult. Right. You know, oh, you know, Ecos said this about you. You know, I actually feel sorry for him. Yeah. It's almost like that guy's so low. So yes, I think there's a little bit of ego there from my point when I say something like that. Yeah. So that's why I think the differences might maybe be the better step. Like, hey, whatever, man. Yeah. Hey, some people are going to like me. Some people, that's I'm going to get with it. Yeah. And there's a culture of embracing that to, you know, how people will be like, Hey, if you don't have haters, you're doing something wrong or something like that. Like, they'll say that kind of stuff. Ah. To me, you know how you talk about how someone says, hey, that's just the way I am. That's my personality. Yeah. To me, that is brushing up against it, right? Yeah. Good, yeah. You know, if some people go, some people can hate me. That's the way it is. It's like, no, actually, yeah. Well, let's think about at least let's account for a little bit. Let's figure out, you know, maybe why. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, something, I mean, this is kind of a smaller deal than even more. Me talking about it, but something tells me you're going to do it anyway. I mean, I mean, in the spirit of trying to understand the nature of haters and people who are actually talking on a podcast right now about the nature of haters. Well, someone say, hey, if you don't have haters, you're doing something wrong. Meaning you're not doing something big enough for the jealous people in the world to be jealous of. This is sort of that. This is like a whole, this is a whole area that we just don't want to do. Right? I mean, seriously, right? This is like, it's stupid. This is like the area that we're just not. Yeah. That's why I think that's what's good. What the statement here. Don't being hated. Don't get way to hating. Yeah. In different move on. Let's not worry about it. Yeah. And next line. I'm going to capitalize it. Yeah. All right. Next. And yet, don't look too good nor talk too wise. Don't look too good nor talk too wise. So this is, this is important because this is a little bit of dichotomy too of, hey, don't get way to hating. Don't deal in lies, but at the same time saying, don't look too good or talk. Too wise. So you gotta keep it real, basically. And you don't want to be a noodle. You don't want to talk down to people. You don't want to be the person that comes across like, oh, I would, I'm virtuous. I'm more virtuous than you. That's what that line is, right? Don't try and look too good. Like you'd never do anything wrong. It's like, oh, that guy got in trouble. That guy got caught in a web of lies. Instead of, you know, jump. It's like, hey, you know what? He made a mistake. I hope he could luck to him. I hope he can figure it out. When we find the right path out of his situation, instead of talking like, oh, I'm, I, that would never happen to me because I'm virtuous. Yeah. Or talk too wise, which is, you know, I know everything, right? Yeah. I think that's, yeah. People that are trying to come across, you know, remember when we were on with Captain Charlie Plum and Jim Kunkle. And they were trying to drag me into being like them. They're, you know, like, I, you know, what were your, warriors like you, Jocco and I was like, no, guys. No, yeah. They're guys. Our totally, like, not just, not just like more heroic than me, but on top of that better people. Like, I'm like a rat running around, compared to those guys. And so, yeah. I'm not ever trying to be, you know, a guy that's saying, oh, yeah. Well, I'm, I'm, I'm virtuous and you're not, no. Hey, man, we're all struggling. Yeah. Could this mean to, you know, it's as, don't look too good in order to, like, you know, okay, this is the concept where, you know, when people make speeches or they'll, they'll have some sales pitch or something, and they'll want every word to be perfect. But then when a, when a sales pitch is like super perfect, it doesn't connect as well as if it's just a person talking normal. To you, you know, it's a, you know, it's a, you know, it's a, you know, it's a, you know, it's just that idea, you know, like, so if someone's focusing so hard and being like perfect in every way and like knowing every single possible thing and just not showing any flaws, like focusing on it, maybe that's a mistake because they kind of created this connect. I actually, I don't think that's what this is talking about, but I think it is correct. So I don't give you the example from my perspective, one of the reasons that podcasts right now do really well is because they're normal people talking like normal people. And I think that if, if, if, and there are podcasts out there that are way polished and everything, and I don't like to listen to those podcasts that are all polished, right? I don't run, there's very few, actually, I can't think of any, any of the podcasts that I actually like are polished to that end degree, right? Because that's when you're talking about, you know, a highly produced with the background music and all that stuff, like those podcasts, I don't, I don't like those as much. I don't like those, but even when you talk about the produced part, like hardcore history, he's still talking, he's, he's still talking, I mean, obviously, Joe Rogan, obviously Tim Ferris, even Margar made, right? Margar made, he's, he's talking, right? He's not just making things happen. So I think there's something to that. There's something to the fact that we're not talking about doing everything perfect. For sure, for sure. Yeah, agree. I think if, if this podcast, what would this podcast would be sound like? Maybe like, welcome to, welcome to the Jocco podcast. This is episode 140. We're here to talk to you today about a red good kippling. He was born in, a papai. And just one of those who want to listen to that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, if it sounds like, well, because I think anyway, and it has a lot to do with what you're used to, you know, where, like, if you're used to like a polished presentation and then all of a sudden, it's not polished, it's like, oh, he kind of fumbled through that. Well, there's a difference between not polished and I have also heard podcasts that are not prepared or not professional, right? Yeah, that's another, the other aspect from, and you can, there's a dichotomy. Yeah, because you can go too far. Sometimes I think people just, they think, well, Joe Rogan, he just presses record and talks. Yeah, they think that that's just what that is. I'll just press record and I'll talk with this other guy. And then you, then you listen to them and you think, there's a reason why Joe Rogan is so popular. Yes, yes. The reason is Joe Rogan so popular is because even when he's just conversing, he's got a skill set that he was probably born with, and then he honed it as a comedian and then he honed it as an actor, then he honed it as a, as a, an announcer for the UFC, and then he started this podcast, as we were already good at it, and then he's done 1500 podcasts that are two, three and four hours long. So guess what? You get good at figuring out, you listen to yourself, oh, that didn't sound good. And so, so there's a big difference. Yes, there's podcasts that people just think they're going to hit record and just talk and that's going to be super cool. Dicotomy, not cool. Hard to listen to. Some of those are hard to listen to. Got a gut through them. So check. All right, next line. If you can dream and not make dreams, you're master. That ones pretty, that's a pretty awesome line. That's a pretty awesome line. And there's, it's a dichotomy, yes, dream, but don't make them your master. Don't make dreams, you're living reality, right? Yeah, okay, okay. Living reality, not in the world of dreams. If your dreams are your master, what are you actually doing? Dade dream, you know, I'll take a day dreaming all day. You gotta make something happen. That's what's gotta go down. Next, very similar, if you can think and not make thoughts your aim. So, yes, of course, think, but don't make your goal to sit around and think. In my mind, when I hear this, maybe I'm my own personal biases coming into it, this seems like a little shot at philosophers and academics, right? That sit around all day and what they're doing is they're thinking that's what they do. Little shot at those guys because don't make thoughts your aim. You want to actually go and do things, you want to make things happen, you want to live. There's a difference there. Yeah. And that's actually that's like a, because, you know how, like, I feel like you're kind of the example of that. Like when I start saying, even whether it be on this thing or even in real life, we're, I'll start explaining something because I'll be super interested in like how this thing works. And hey, did you see what happened there? Explain then, you're attitude has always been like, yeah, okay, like, okay. Give me an example. What do you mean by real life? Outside of recording. So, like, analyze like if someone's like, if I were to talk about haters, like, I could analyze that. Oh, you're a good deal. You know, it's a separate podcast. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I was podcasting. The dynamic, the dynamic of like, you know what people, how dynamics of haters. That episode, what? How people, I feel like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But you'll be like, all right, you know, okay, we understand is you, you do it for more like, hey, we're going to understand so we can take action or, you know, whatever. All, all just explain the understanding because it's fun to explain the understanding. I'm looking for application of that knowledge to usually leadership situations. Yes. Yes. Exactly. And then you'll, it seems like you'll dig into like understanding it. Like, as deep as you have to, to take action and that's it. No deeper. You know, I'm not going to sit around and meditate on it. That's what it seems like your channel fully did. Yeah. And also, I think that the understanding of the broad concept is more important than the, then the minutia. Yeah. You got to understand the details, yes, but when I understand the broad concept, and then you can move forward and you know what you're dealing with. Yeah. And then in academic type as we, as the example, as your example kind of talks about, like, they'll, they're kind of goal is the, is the thought is the analyzing. Oh, see how this works. And that's the whole goal. Their goal is never really to take action. Someone's going to take action. But their goal is the thought of it. That's what it seems. I think that's one thing that Dan Carlin from Hardcore History does is he. So he, like, a lot of times, I'm comparing what I'm reading about in historical situations to what I've either been through myself, or, or other books that I've read, other situations I know about. Dan Carlin does one book to another book or one time to another book time. And the other thing that he does is he takes it to us, like he'll say, imagine if you were imagine if America right now elected a person like he, so he brings it into like real time. Yeah. That's his, that's his, to me, that's what makes, that's part of what makes his long things that make his podcast excellent. But that's one of the things that makes it very engaging is he brings it to imagine if this happened today. Yeah. Imagine if the Germans attack, you know, he just brings it to today. So it makes you think about it. Yeah. Andy compares it to other time periods. So there's some similarities there. But his thoughts aren't his aims. Yeah. I don't think. Yeah. And I wouldn't even say, well, I think when I just said that, I think he takes the thoughts and applies him to current times. Right. That's what makes it interesting. Yeah. Or want to, again, one of the things that makes it interesting. Yeah. And I wouldn't even say being the thoughts being your aims is necessarily a bad thing across the board. I think, you know, obviously his approach it is. But, you know, the person who just kind of gets a huge payoff in figuring out how things work and that's sort of it, you know, like in there. And it's kind of like, hey, if I'm a, you know, I want to figure out how this, I don't know, this engine motor works. It's up to the engine builder to build more engines or build the better engine. Yeah. Yeah. They're just really interested in how things work. Yeah. Is it possible to be super, you know, like people that want to understand you, too, but they don't want to do it. They're on moves, but they don't want to roam. Well, there is that for sure. Oh, yeah. There is that. And I mean, depending on who you're, obviously that philosophy won't kind of drive with your whole thing. But, yeah, I could see how that could be if someone's like, yeah, like, I don't know, someone who's not into necessarily the physical part of it as much as the mental part and maybe like the watch it. Yeah. And I suppose some guys that can't train hard anymore because whatever they got injured or whatever and they still are into it. Oh, yeah. Or these coaches that like maybe were going to something, but they, like, they know. And they're like the best coaches, you know, that kind of person. Yeah. John Donahar, he doesn't have any world championships under his belt. I don't think. Yeah. I don't know. But maybe we'd grab Jackson. I don't think Greg Jackson would get Greg Jackson's even fought in the man don't think. Not one time. Yeah. One of the best coaches that I know. Which is ever so yeah, so you get that kind of person. But would it be saying that he made his thoughts his aim? No, because he put those, he applied them. Yeah. So well then again, swing and a mess. But in those academics though, seem same. Like the in academic type person, maybe they're a professor or something. They teach about business or sales. They don't own a business. They're a professor. But they teach about business all this up. So that's kind of, it's kind of their, their thoughts are their aims is kind of like that's their action. That's that's their putting their thoughts into action. So I guess less of a shot than maybe I read it as originally. It's a lost person. Yeah. It is. All right. Well, I think you're right. I think you're right. All right. Next, if you can meet with triumph and disaster and treat those two imposter's just the same, what align that is. Triumph and disasters and he calls them both imposter's. He calls both triumph and disaster calls them both imposter's. Why is that because they are? Because they are because neither triumph or disaster is an end all or be all. Neither of them. They feel like it at the time when you raise your hands and you get the victory. Mm-hmm. You feel like that is a be all end all but as Pat and said. All glorious fleeting. Right. That triumph is going to fade. Triumph is an in-eternal victory. It's an imposter of one and this is what's important. And this is the one that's harder for people to overcome. Is that disasters the same way? Something's happened to us and it seems like it's the end of the world. Mm-hmm. But it's not. Disaster is also an imposter. This happens to, this happens to teenage kids in their little relationships. Right. Right? Teenage kids and their relationships. They break up and they think it's the end of the world. And if they only knew that in three years they wouldn't even remember that person's name. Yeah. They wouldn't even remember that person's name. If you could never tell him that. No. You can't ever, you could never like that. You couldn't convince them in a million years. No. That in three years they will not remember that person's name. Not even close. Not even close. You can't knock. This is the mind of crazy thing. And if you don't both know this factually. Yeah. The girlfriend that you had when you were 14 years old at that time. There was no way that you were ever going to think about another girl. That was the one. Right now you don't know what her name was. You better leave remember what she looks like. Come on. Mm-hmm. But that's what he's saying. Mm-hmm. That when that girl breaks up with you or guy, if you're, if you're a girl, the guy that broke your heart, you're not even a member of his name. And you know what he's doing now? Not much. Mm-hmm. Not much. Don't worry about that dude. I don't know. Maybe. Yeah. I guess that's a good point. Maybe. Maybe you've done good. Mm-hmm. Well, it's the mind of the most likely. Yeah. These disasters that you have. And then you know, you're teasing it. That's an easy one. But you know, your business has a big issue. Mm-hmm. So man, this within six months of opening victory MMA, the roof collapsed. Do you remember that? Mm-hmm. The drunk driver, he had a fire hydrant out in front of the building. The fire hydrant actually broke off. And the pipes just started squirting. How big around is it? Is a fire hydrant? It's a 12 inches water or something. A 12 inch water line started spraying up and onto the top roof. It's hot roof the building, which is no big deal because roofs are meant to take water. Well, what happened was the little drains, because it's a flat roof, the little drains up there. Since it doesn't rain a lot in California, they had debris and they filled up the drains filled up and then the next thing you don't, the roof just filled with water inside the parent pit wall and the roof collapsed. That was in the six months of opening up. I think we had just started making money. Boom. We got no. We got half the building is gone. The air conditioners from the second floor from the roof are on the bottom floor of the building. In the mixed martial arts area. You know, this bad. But you know what I seem like a big disaster. Guess what? Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. Get it. Like move on. Guess what? The gym still ten years old still going strong. So these bad things are going to happen. These disasters are going to happen. But they're not permanent. They're the same thing. They're not going to last. Don't rest on your laurels. Stay centered. So stay balanced. So did you guys end up clearing out the drains or what? The drains? Yeah. We cleared them out. Good idea. They late in the dollar short. Next. If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken twisted by names to make a trap for fools. So you go out and you tell the truth. And then the truth that you tell gets twisted around by some. Nave, which is an unscrupulous person. It's a dishonest person. Right? Let's bring that word back. Let's bring it back. They're going to twist your words and you're going to have to bear it. And the reason that this is what I think is interesting. The reason that you have to bear it is because if you get drawn into it, it's a trap. That you're going to get drawn into. If you start dealing with what? If you start going in and trying to. Trying to untwist this this. Lies that have been told about you. It's a trap. That's what you say. It's almost like a battle you can't win. And by entering the battlefield you're going to get wounded. Yeah. So what is this like some you know how like someone will say something. I don't know. And it'll like involve race. Won't be racist but it'll like involve race because that's how the explanation pans out. You know on TV or something. And then someone else will come in and be like, oh my gosh this person's racist because Look what he said and maybe they'll play like you know the end part of the tape only or the beginning only or something like that. And then someone else will be like, hey you know this interview. You know they'll ask this question, hey did you say this? And they'll be like, well yeah I said that. Oh, it's an someone else will come and be like, look he even admitted he said this thing. But then you know and then so that it just keeps getting twisted and twisted and twisted and twisted. It's like that. And then the more you explain it the more you're waiting wait you're saying you didn't say this. And when I did okay. Well you did or you didn't kind of you know it's like that. I think that's definitely part of it and probably that's it. I mean that that's it. When you go and try and unwind these things you're probably going to dig yourself a bigger whole. I think that's the overall. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now are there times where people say something that's so horrible against you that you have to finish up. Sure. And I think when you do that you keep it simple. You keep it direct and then you walk away. Right? Yeah. See look I would never have done that or I would never have said that or whatever. And that's all I'm gonna say walk away. Break the wrist walk away. Alright next. Or watch the things you gave your life to. Broken and stoop and build them up. With worn out tools. So you gave your life to whatever. Your life's works you gave it all and and that thing. Is broken. It's destroyed. And what you do is you stoop. I like that word because what does that mean? They've been you bend it down. That means you're bowing down. Right? You're having to get down. You've to stoop down. You go to the ground and begin to rebuild. What has been destroyed and you do it with worn out. It's not worn out tools. Now we're not just talking about worn out physical tools like a hammer and a saw. We're talking about you. We're talking about a worn out broken down you. You are broken down and you're worn out. But you go anyway and you start from the beginning and you rebuild again. That's legit. Remember the game Contra? No. Okay. There's this game. I don't even know what that is. It's called Contra. I don't even know what that is. I don't even know what that is. I don't even know what that is. But there's this game named Contra. And then you know when you play Nintendo, No, this game was freaking awesome. This is code. It's basically these two guys. If you go one player, you go one player. Two players play in the same screen and you just go. It's like the basic side angle game. These commandal ram. You see the side angle. Side angle. Yeah. It's just a side angle. And it's these ram, both players. They play in the same screen. Against each other? No. With each other. So a boom. They kill bad guys. Through the game you can get different weapons. Okay. And each weapon is more and more effective. You can get the basic shooter is what you start with. Then you have a machine gun. You just hold the button down. And you just machine gun. Then there's like a laser. They're just, you can go and it can just kill like five people in a row. Like that. And then there's the spreader. It's a spread gun. So at a side angle game, multi level kind of thing. The spreader. He just kills everybody. Boom. Boom. So one. Can you kill your own person by accident? No. No. Your bullets. No. It's not realistic. It's just useful. There are some unrealistic. You can't teach you about the spreader. Yeah. Well, teach you about blue on blue. Teach about fratur side. All right. You know human loss. I dig it. And that probably be a heavy game. But contra. It's not like that. So when you get the point is the point is following here. The point is when you get the spreader, you can make it super far. Because you're just killing. I would like to die if you have this infinite weapon. Bro, so someone can still kill you if you mess, you know, someone's shoot. Just like in the other way you can die. But since you have the spreader, that's just killing everyone. So easily you make it to high levels. It seems saying, but here's the thing about contra. When you get killed, you get like, you get three men. Right? I know unrealistic, but still. That's most video games. Anyway, you get three men. If you get killed, you lose the spreader. You start. You start again where you were, but you still, you get that piece shooter again. No one you first started with. So it's that same thing. So you go through all the levels. You work so hard to get the spreader. You know, is this, you have three men. You have three men. You have three lives. Here's the thing. Yeah, here's the okay, which is another thing about contra. Which is so awesome. You have three lives, but if you know the code in the beginning of the game, you can get 30 lives. And here's the code up, down, down, left, right, left, right, be a. And press start. That's the code. It gives you 30 lives. If everyone knows that. I'll, I want 100% guarantee that every single person, every single person. That is played contra, knows that code. Not even like 99%. 100% Yeah, because you get 10 times the amount of effectiveness. Yeah. But it's a secret code. It's not like it comes with a game like you got a free. 100% of people. Well, that's exactly like 80, 80, not whenever that game free into webs. Free into, yeah, whatever they need. It'd be interesting to track how that information spread. Yeah. Back then, right? Yeah. Back then, how did it spread? I bumped down, down, left, left, left, ab. How did that spread? It spread. There was no internet. There was no internet. Yeah. That's true. No viable internet. Yeah. That's true. The kids for them, sure, weren't on it. I don't know. So your point is that this taught you once you will use those worn out tools and you'll still try and go back and rebuild consciousness. Yeah. Like, those little, so bad kipling is dead to not be here to this. Bro, you apologize. If you understood the concept, you'd be like, you were exactly right. Because here's the thing, here's the listen to the practicality. The listen to the sound of the kipling. Because with the spread, okay, if you just had the P shooter, right? We'll call it the P shooter that's the gun that you start with. If you start with that, it's really hard to make it to a high level. Because it's like the levels get harder and harder and you just got that P shooter, but those guys are going to kill you. But if you get the spreader, it's the exact opposite. You can smash through levels. Right. And some of the levels that they end, you've got to have a powerful weapon to beat the boss. You seem to say, so if you have the spreader, you can get the same. Spreader, you can get pretty far. What's I've heard people who use the term boss? Is there a term called King Boss or main boss or end boss? End boss? End boss? And this is a universal term. Maybe with video games. With video games, right? And that's my question. Bosses. But would we know where the term originated from? The boss, who is the original end boss? I don't know. There's a video that someone made that's really, really funny. It's called, it's something about me. And it's a German guy. And it's like, how did Jockel willing get so massive? Yeah. Have you seen that video? What was it? He just makes a video where he breaks down how I got so massive. Y'all, yay, it's hilarious. But one thing he goes, this is the end boss to kill all the end bosses. And I didn't really know what an end boss was. So I googled it and figured out that it's from the video game world. And boss, do you remember the date of that? Is it like a old school game like Atari? Oh, no, no, no, no. It's the video game world. No, no, no, no. The video game world. The video game. Do you, you were a little taken back? Or when you were a musician? Man, world. I'll just play that. Give it my spreader. I'll go get some levels. There's a thing called Kung Fu. And a reason on the Nintendo's called Kung Fu. Five levels. But then they repeat. And they get harder and harder. But there's five levels. And they, I think in the game, it called them the boss. Like the first level boss. That might be in the second level. But I'm sure, I'm sure there's, because there's other older game bosses. Oh, no. Nonetheless. Well, Kipling would say because, oh, the point is when you get the spreader. Kipling. You're in contra when you get the spreader. If you go, you'll make it to a high level. You will. But here's the thing, that high level is super hard. So you need that spreader. And if you get hit and you die, and you know when you come back to life or whatever, you got the P shooter, you find yourself like this with worn out tools. That's what you find yourself. And it's hard. And if you put your mind to it, you can get that spreader again. But it's really hard. Super hard. Anyone who play contra will, will attach to that. I think that right there is, we'll leave it at that. No. That's my recommendation. All right. Next. If you can make one heap of all your winnings and risk it on a one turn of pitch and toss. And lose and start again at your beginnings and never breathe a word about your loss. Never breathe a word about your loss. Isn't it when you meet someone? And you, you talk to them and you deal with them for a while. And they don't tell you anything about their background. And then you find out like later that they've been through some big struggle. And so much more impactful and impressive. Yeah. Then when they're like, hey, I did this and I went through that night. You know, just, I got a good idea. Just be quiet. Don't breathe a word about your loss. Yeah. Just move, just perform. Yeah. And this is also about being willing to take risk. A willing to take risk. This seems like an inappropriate risk to risk everything that you have on a single turn of pitch and toss. Doesn't seem like a smart risk. No. I don't know about that one. Yeah. Take it easy. I'm going to say, let's, let's dial the dichotomy back of the extreme bedding situation. Right. That being said, you absolutely have to take risks in life. Right. Like you got to do something. You got to just risk like a teeny tiny thing. Got to be a risk no reward. But let's not risk everything in one turn of pitch and toss. Let's not do that. Next, if you can force your heart and nerve and sinu, to serve your turn long after they are gone, that's just awesome. Right. We're talking about forcing your heart and your nerve and your sinu and sinu is a, basically means your tendons and your legaments and the things that hold your muscles and your bones together. And you know who used Shakespeare used sinu quite a bit. Because it's just like the core element. But this is like saying you will get you will force your body and your mind to do what you do. You're trying to do what you need them to do. Even when they're done, they're done. You're going to force them to do more. When they have nothing left to give, you're going to force them to give anyways. And then it rolls right into the next line, the next line. And so hold on when there is nothing in you accept the will, which says to them, hold on. Good. Nothing left but will. Hmm. Force of will. To make. Make them make. Make your heart. It make your nerve. Make them whole the lines. If you can talk with crowds. And keep your vote virtue. Or walk with kings. Nor lose the common touch. So this is again, this is staying balance. This is that caught me. No matter if you're involved with the masses. You don't lose your virtue. Or if you're rubbing elbows with the rich in powerful with the kings. You don't lose that common touch. You stay grounded. You don't lose the ability to communicate with people. Up and down the chain of command from a leadership perspective. No matter what station someone is in life. You remember, remember, episode five of this podcast. I read a counseling letter to a good guy. And I was like, hey, treat everyone respect. O one or E one to O ten. Like it doesn't matter what rank someone is he treated with respect. No matter what. Don't lose that. Next, if neither friends nor loving. If either if neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you. This is what's interesting. It is an always your enemy's at hurt you. In fact, it's quite the opposite. Usually the people that hurt you the most are the people that are closest to you. Those are the ones that really put the dagger in and twist it. So you got to be above that. You got to... You got to kind of insulate yourself from that. You can't leave that last little bit of exposure. In my opinion, you got to keep a little bit. You got to keep a little bit. You got to keep a... You got to put yourself in a situation where you're not going to get crushed by your foes or by the people that you're close to. Yeah. It's hard. Got to keep it in. It is hard. It is hard. Guys get jammed up. Really get into echo Charles terminology. That jams people up all the time. The enemy doesn't jam people up as bad as the the friends. Right? Yeah. Because the enemy expect that. You expect them to jam you. Yeah. But this goes back to the original. What we talked about earlier. The person... And we've talked about this on the podcast. The person that hurts you really bad that was your friend. They weren't your friend. Yeah. They didn't exist. Yeah. You thought you knew them. You thought you understood them. You thought they were trustworthy. They weren't. So just we have to just look at it and say look. That person that I wasn't loved with or that person that I thought was going to be with me all the time. Guess what that person doesn't exist. So we got to move on. So you got to keep I think a little bit. And this might sound cold blooded. Right? It sounds a little bit cold blooded. You got to keep some stuff. You got to keep perspective. You got to keep people in check. And if you let them get in to the point where they can grip you apart, you're going to be careful. Got to be careful who you decide you're going to do that with. Real careful. Yeah. Yeah. Or you or this is I think what I do is more like this. If that happens, I recognize it. Okay. This is what happened. That person wasn't who I thought they were moving on. Yeah. We're moving on. Yeah. That's a question. You know what I mean? We're moving on. Yeah. So I guess maybe I have the ability. I shouldn't say that. I have the ability. I think I learned along the way. Hey. Once someone exposes themselves reveals themselves as a as a naiv. Right. As a naiv. Once they revealed themselves as a naiv, I'm over it. I'm moving on. Because they've exposed. They've revealed great. I'm actually happy that now I don't have to invest anymore time effort into this person. That's a naiv. A wretched naiv. Yeah. And then you have this kind of. How should I say over-developed control of your emotions? We'll call it where like the average person is like, It's kind of like if you built a house, right? Mm-hmm. You built a house on a call. And it's a nice house to live there for 10 years, 15 years, even. A lot of memories in that house. Maybe we've been had some kids. Whatever. First dog. All that stuff. And then her cane comes. And then she goes, it blows it down. Right? There's really nothing you could have done. You know, like if you had a girlfriend, then she doesn't have the signs of being a naiv. But then maybe she changed. Maybe she was at all along. I don't know. She be as it turns out. Nave. The house gets blown down. Okay. Girlfriends gone. You can either easily say, Hey, that wasn't the girl that I loved. Mm-hmm. All this stuff. Okay. We're moving on. Obviously, you got to move on. Right? She's a naiv. Yeah. But you can't just be like, You're just moving on. What about all those memories? Oh, this is your turn with the hurricane. I'm talking about both. So yeah, I'll go back to the hurricane. The memories relies. The memories. The memories. The memories. Yeah, but emotionally it doesn't count. Yes, what? You're free. Okay. So free. You've got to wait. That's the escape. Okay. That's good. That's good. But you're talking about like, how much you learned? You learned that you gave me careful. But see what I'm saying though. Like your sense of like emotional control allows you to go boom, right? Do that. One right. And what's such you want is fresh like you can't just, oh, yeah. Look how much I learned. Yeah. Let's get moving on. That's not the normal person. No, and the person has still has open wounds from because yesterday that house was intact. Yeah, but all the memories. And I'll remember to rebuild that kitchen and let me feel we could flow. Right? You're going to get me. You're just going straight to the positive thing, which is the good thing to do, which is the right thing to do. But whether it capability wise the average person can't do that. So no, it's going to be a little bit tricky, but what are the options? It will be a little bit of options. There's no options. The option is, oh, I'm going to be distressed and mourn the loss of my house. More than the loss of your house. Do it for a, you know, four days. Yeah. There should be a limitation. Yeah. That's a good idea. I'll be like, hey, one week right now. I'm going to just let my emotions just be my emotions. Yeah. Try not to like a week too long. Yeah. For a house for sure. That's one of the things that I want for the girlfriend. Yeah. For a girlfriend? Yeah. That's a bit better. People go month. No, people go years. People talk about it for years. That's not good. That's what I'm saying. That's my point. See, it said, it's making me sound like I'm all cold blooded over here. Well, what you should say is like, hey, I wish that some of the people that I know that wreck their lives over a girlfriend, boyfriend, husband, wife that broke up with them and they let it ruin their lives. I wish you'd say, hey, I wish that they would have had enough to emotional control to say, you know what? All right. This day three, they're not coming back. I have two choices. Dig a whole climb in it, never come out or step up, make things happen. Move forward. The choice is obvious. And once you step up and you start moving forward in three years, you'll remember that person's name anymore. There are no factor. Yeah. There are no factor. Yeah, man. Yeah. So what's the, I mean, obviously it's going to be dependent on what kind of person it is. So I've talked about this. Like, we don't have a good, a good system when someone dies in America. We don't really know what to do because in other countries, in other cultures, they have a specific ritual that they go through. And in America, our rituals are kind of all jam together. And then we don't really know what the right ritual is. Right. We don't even know how to dispose of the body. Do we burn it? Do we bury it? Do we bury it? See, like there's all these options. Do you donate your organs? Do you not? Do you donate to your body to science? What do we, what are you supposed to do? What's the right thing to do? We don't even know that. We even know what to do with someone's body. So how are we supposed to know what we're supposed to do emotionally when someone dies? What do we supposed to do? Yeah. We don't have a physical ritual to do. So what now do we do? Yeah. There should be rules. Yeah. If a protocol broke up with significant other. Here's the protocol. Yeah. One day morning. One pizza. Extra cheese. Paparoni. Sausage. Right. Mint chocolate chip milkshake. Sure. Cool. Next day. Fuck. No. No. No. I don't recommend it. I don't either. I don't even know what to do. The next day I was like, what I was going to say is like, I was going to say eight mile run. Eight mile run. That's just what you got to do. Yeah. Hey. Oh, I brought you to do it tomorrow. Yeah. Where we're going to go from today. I got to go to the hospital. That's part of the protocol. Yeah. Oh, yo, yo. And there could be different levels. Oh, I was going out with her for every. Let's say for every three months that you were with her. That's one mile. Okay. Yeah. And so then you do that. And we get done with that. Guess what you got to do. You got to do a contrast baths ice hot ice hot. You got to do that four times, right? Yeah. No, what you do is a good protocol for a contrast baths. Five minutes ice five minutes heat. Four minutes ice four minutes you go back and forth. When you get done with that boom, you come out. You clenced. And then guess what? Twenty four hour fast. Right. Twenty four hour. Well, that is actually kind of sounds weird. Like for a breakup. But so many cultures do that. Oh, yeah. You got a fast. So, and so then we could go on and on, but you make a protocol. It's a three day protocol generally. And then boom. Now we come out of that protocol. And then there's one last. The last thing on the protocol is like. Go to work or. You know, begin normal routine. Back to normal routine. You go to bed. Back to, oh, I know the final protocols wake up. Whatever time it is you get up in the morning. Third, fourth day. Now the protocol has been completed. Fourth day. Boom. Wake up. Get busy. Get on with it. Get after it. That's what I'm talking about. So we don't have that. So if you, if you put in your mind. I think for me. I recognize when something is dragging me. This is dragging me in the wrong direction. As soon as I see something dragging me in the wrong direction. I know like an internal protocols like, Okay, I'm emotionally attached to this situation. It's not beneficial to me. It's not beneficial to me. It's not going to help me. It's not going to help me. Understand the nature of the world. It's not going to help me move forward with my life. It's not going to help me in any way. Guess what I'm going to do. I'm going to detach. We're going to take a little step away from that thing. Because I'm not saying emotions are bad. Emotions are great. That's what makes a human beings. I get emotional on this podcast. Right? That's not bad. That's actually good. Makes me understand myself and other things in the world better. But that's a positive effect of emotions. But if I start having negative emotions and they start dragging me down, protocol. Yeah. Execute the protocol. Boom. That's what we need to do. Yeah. Like what if part of the protocol was to shave your head or something or anything? Yeah. For sure. Yeah. That could be right. And then let's say you break up with your girlfriend or something. And then like, you know, a few days later you see her at the post office. There's some shit that shaved at you. Oh man. She's getting over me quick. Do you have the same thing? Yeah. But that would help though. That would. It totally would. Because it's like the process. And it gives you something else to focus on. It's like, okay, I think we're talking about the protocol. The protocol. Yeah. It's a protocol. Special feedback expands like, you know, three, four days. Boom, boom, boom. It's like, you know, doesn't AA have something like that too. Yeah. All kinds of things. Yeah. All kinds of things. There's a reason protocols exist because it gives you something to follow. You don't have to think about it and it moves you in the right direction. Yeah. So think about that for your life. Pay attention to it. Because this scary part about this. And we talk about this too. It's like the storm. Your head's in a storm. And you can't get out and get only person. Everyone else can see that your head has a has a has a two foot cloud around it. And everybody can see if you just move in a direction. You'll get away from that cloud. But everywhere you look, you just see storm is. Thunder and lightning. So you don't think there's any way out. But there is. You've got to actually keep the protocol. The period protocol is you go do north. 1800 meters. You're going to be out. Right. That's what's going to happen. Shave your head. Run eight miles. Eat a pizza. Eat a mint chocolate chip. Milk shake. That's day one. That's a little comfort. Yeah. Little luxury. Theo Von luxury style. Yeah. Yeah. With that. That's good. All right. Next. We went way off on that one. That was actually really good. That kind of gets you thinking. Because if you you could even do this right now. If you're in even if you're in a release, even if you're not even in a relationship yet. Because those are the ones. Right. Just get prepared protocol. Yeah. Because it's kind of like an actual disaster. You do that. You know what? There's also something you could do. That would be helpful. And I hate to use this word because it gets used in a different sense these days. But you can have trigger points, right? Things that happen. Where if you see if you identify things happening, you go, okay. If I get involved in this situation and this happens, that's a trigger that means I need to walk. Right. For instance, let's say you have someone that has let's say let's say you meet someone that was an addict of some kind. On alcoholic. And you're like, okay, if this person starts drinking, that's my trigger, I'm going to walk. Because you don't want to go down that spiral with them. Right. Or you whatever the case may be. You have someone that used to date some other guy. Like, hey, if I see that there's whatever a Facebook connection again. I'm walking. Whatever. Like you figure out these things. And that way you predetermine them when you're in a non-emotional state. Yeah. Hopefully you can overcome your emotions. Because there's people that I don't care. I love them. I love her. I'm just going to keep going. There's only this one time. Right. Yep. She friended me. Right. And then they stick around. But if you have your protocol in place, if you have the triggers to execute upon, it's going to make it easier for you. It should make it easier for you. Hmm. Alright. Next one. This is a good one. If all men count with you, but none too much. And think about this one. And I actually got wrapped around this one a little bit in the podcast one time. Because this is a dichotomy of the fact that I personally, there's part of me that doesn't care what anyone thinks. And then there's part of me that completely cares about what people, specifically people that I have a lot of respect for. I care what they think a lot. Hmm. And people that I don't respect, I don't care what they think. So there's a dichotomy there. That's similar to what is being said here. If all men count with you, so you take their opinions, you understand. But at the same time, none too much to sway you from the path. Hmm. And here, next line. I think this one grows on it, my endeavor. If you can kill, if you can fill the unforgiving minute with 60 seconds worth of distance run. The unforgiving minute. That's a great. That's the way you should think of every minute, every minute that exists for you is unforgiving. Because it does not stop, it does not forgive and you can't have it back. That's the unforgiving minute time has no mercy on anyone. And what he's saying here is if you can fill every one of those unforgiving minutes of your life. Every single one of them with a full 60 seconds of you running and moving forward and getting after it. If you can push that hard, if you can push that hard, then he closes out yours is the earth and everything that's in it. And which is more, you'll be a man, my son. So, there it is. If you can do all those things and that's the name of the poem. If you can do those things, those things that are simple but not easy. Simple but definitely not easy. Then the world will be yours and you will be a man. And in the most positive possible way. So now we go back. This is what we do. Now that we understand it fully, we go through it fully. Here it goes. If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs and blaming them. If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you but make allowance for their doubting too. If you can wait and not be tired by waiting or being lied about don't deal lies or being hated don't give way to hating and yet don't look too good nor talk too wise. If you can dream and not make dreams your master. If you can think and not make thoughts your aim. If you can meet with triumph and disaster and treat those two imposters just the same. If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken, twisted by naves to make a trap for fools or watch the things you gave your life to broken. And stoop and build them up with worn out tools. If you can make one heap of all your winnings and risk it on one turn of pitch and toss and lose and start again at your beginnings and never breathe a word about your loss. If you can force your heart and nerve and sinu to serve your turn long after they are gone and so hold on when there is nothing in you except the will which says to them hold on. If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue or walk with kings nor lose the common touch if neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you if all man count with you but none too much. If you can feel the unforgiving minute with 60 seconds worth of distance run yours is the earth and everything that's in it. And which is more you'll be a man my son. And there you have it some pretty straightforward instructions from kipling on how to live and I looked at it in his son died in World War I he wrote this poem just before the turn of the centuries who he wrote this poem before his son was killed before his son went to war perhaps just after his son was born in that time frame. So I'm sure his son grew up with these thoughts. And I think it's thoughts that we can all use. So kipling thank you. And now we are going to go through some Q&A. Dig into a little bit of Q&A. Echo Charles. First question. Okay, jockel many times you said that liking a fight or liking two fight should be a part of every man's personality could you expand on that. I've always been interested in martial arts but I've always been reluctant to fight and I would do anything not to does that make me less of a man. So obviously this is a pretty fitting question for the situation. Yeah. So this is obviously a good question and a fitting question talking about being a man. I don't know if I said liking to fight should be a part of everybody's every man's personality or if I said that it is part of every man's personality. And I think I said is part of the personality and if I said that what I think I should have said is most right most men have in their personality some level of interest of fighting right we wrestle we box we we scrap as kids look at the UFC. Right why is the UFC so popular right now because it's fighting. And we have that that's a I read the other that's a seven billion dollar organization that's a there's a lot of people watching those fights. A lot of people want to watch those fights we have boxing we have wrestling we have jiu-jitsu we have jiu-jiu we have moitai we got all kinds of martial arts schools. So while I don't think the desire to fight is inherent in all men right I'm sure there's men out there that are not into it at all but I think it's definitely a a pretty strong part of many men now. For this individual particular. Do do I think that being reluctant to fight makes you less than a man no actually I think it's fine. You should be reluctant to fight I think everyone should be reluctant fight there's a lot of bad things it can happen to fight a lot of bad things you know first of all you can hurt. Right that's bad you can get seriously hurt you can get killed. You can get killed you can get punch one time fall down hit a curb and die you can think you're going to get in a fair fight with someone they can stab you in the neck and kill you right these things can happen. Even if it's not that bad you can hurt someone else now you're getting lawsuit now you're getting put in prison right so there's all kinds of bad things so being reluctant to fight is actually a good thing it's something that men should have. And actually the more you know about fighting the more reluctant you will be I was way the less I knew in my life about fighting the more. Sorry the more I actually knew about fighting the more reluctant I became to fight because I realized all the risks that are involved part of that was maturity sure. But the reality is you look at someone you go I don't know who that person is. A they they might be training I'm over here thinking I've been training but you just two for eight months. I'm ready to kick this guy's ass. Meanwhile, you don't know that guy is a purple belt guess what's going to happen to you you're getting crushed or that guy wrestled in high school he's about to double like you and slam you on a curb. You're going to die. So you should be reluctant to fight that's a good thing now that being said. I do recommend that you are prepared to fight. I definitely recommend that and there's going to be a big dichotomy here I'm going to get to but you should know some basics right you should understand for that you should not have content with other people. You should you know you should know some boxing you should know some wrestling you should know some more I should know some you just to for sure. Because here's the dichotomy this is the this is a big dichotomy and think about it it's a hundred percent true. If this this individual says he would do anything not to fight. Would do anything not to fight let me tell you the best thing you can do as a human so that you don't have to fight is actually learn how to fight that is the best way to not have to fight is if you know how to fight if you know how to fight people are going to want to fight you you don't have to say anything they can tell. You can tell when you meet somebody. You can tell if that person oh if you're ready to fight. People don't want to fight you the more eager you are to fight the less people want to fight you. If you don't know how to fight and and bullies because that's what we're talking about bullies see that you don't want to fight guess who they're coming after you. Now you have to fight but if you know how to fight and you have that confidence and you have that understanding and you learn simple things like avoidance and you learn you have better situational awareness. You become a threat to the people that want to fight you you become a threat to them just by just by your knowledge alone. So. No you're not less of a man. Because you're elected to fight you actually should be reluctant to fight but you should learn how to fight because the best way to avoid fighting the more equipped and prepared to fight you are the less you will have to fight. The less you will be put in positions where you have to fight and the better the outcome will be if it does happen to occur. Yeah, interestingly like a lot of the people that you meet in Gigi to or just like this where I'm interested in martial arts, but I'm not interested in fighting no better. You know for sure and then they learned and then they get off. Well there's a strong component of nerds in Gigi to right strong component really strong. You know people I'm saying it jokingly but there's just a studio type. Yeah, this is a game that I can learn and then I can crush and that's good and now I have more confidence on it for worry about anymore. Again, it's interesting how that third or that additional element that they're not really used to like how you say nerds and you know, we'll just say like people who are more cerebral within physical. You know it's that maybe they play high school sports right. Yeah, because they were starting because they were working on a computer right cool right on yeah. They were playing music right yeah whatever yeah and then now they get into this highly physical situation because due to let's face it it's physical that's your whole body it is physical and contact point. Yeah, but you get in it and you're just finding success just by learning it it's not like football where it's like sure I know how to catch. I can't run fast though and I can't I'm not big and strong or whatever so I'm just getting smashed you know I can but this it's kind of like the more you know the better you are kind of think and sure physical attributes help you for sure about it. Yeah, there's there's being stronger is great. Yeah, you know Dean was talking about this today on the map. Sometimes they do there's various categories that will bring you a victory one of the strongest categories that you can have well the this strong these strongest category is your technique known what to do is known what to do and so you you're smart people. I'm not sure if you can find this knowledge the same way I apply my skills in accounting James Nielsen world's toughest account. Yeah, and that's why so now they're in that's why people get addicted to because it's like this element of physicality like a physical fighting mark fighting sport by the way combat sport. And they're still smart as smart can be you know like they always were so now they got that and that additional like pay off you know that's where they get it to power yeah I recognize that with kids that come to you to the often times and it's not always often times the kids that get really into you to our kids that are smart. But they haven't done a lot of other sports yet and it's exactly what you're saying you need to very noticeable with kids. The kid that play baseball is all life and he comes in there he actually doesn't like it at first. And maybe doesn't want to do it because he's getting choked by someone that seems all nerdy to him. And he knows I could throw baseball for this guy and so it makes him mad and he doesn't want to train. Often times it's the kids that come in that really haven't done too much athletically and you know they got picked on we've I've had a lot of bullies come to my digital kids program. The reason they're there is because they got bullied and once they start training six months they're not getting bullied anymore and a year later they're a different person they're different kid. But in assures themselves not backing down not being jerks not being bullies themselves but just confident. Yeah. All right next question. Jocco and echo question. How important is personal intelligence in the military particularly in more dangerous roles as compared to physical strength. I'm a college student who will probably go to OCS officer candidates go. Yeah. So this has been on my mind. Well, okay, so intelligence is paramount right of course. If you aren't smart they're going to do dumb things and dumb things can definitely get you killed. This is not to say that if you do dumb things you will get killed because I did some really dumb things it combat and I didn't get killed and it certainly isn't to say that if you get killed you did something dumb because I'm to combat as no mercy and you can be the best trained the smartest and most tackler sound person in the world. And those people can still get killed combat doesn't care about any of that that bullet. There has no one's name on it. It the bomb has no one's name on it. It's going to go off and it's going to take out who it takes out and that's that. But it's far as weighing you know intelligence and cognitive power versus strength. And you have to be isn't I would rather be smart and being smart is very important because if you're smart if you aren't smart I should say you you increase your chance of doing something that isn't smart and then you're going to make some kind of mistake that will negatively impact you so yes, being smart is very important now. In cases without question where physical strength and stamina is at least as important and sometimes more important. That's just the way it is you might have to climb a cliff to escape the enemy. That's just the way it is you might have to swing Mike Thornton Mike Thornton swam for what five hours dragging two people. Now he could be the smartest guy in the world. And which he did a damn good job of you know getting the life jackets and getting him a self organizing a situation where it'd be the easiest possible way for him to swim even with that. You still got to swim for five hours dragging two people while you're wounded by the way. So if he didn't have that physical strength at that point that brain wouldn't matter it wouldn't matter. So what's interesting about this is guess what a really smart person will get himself or herself the physical capabilities that's what you'll do the smart person the really smart person will work their ass off to get in shape and to stay in shape. Because you can be smart to come up with the most brilliant plan in the world but if you don't have the physical where we fall to execute that plan then that that brilliant plan doesn't matter. So yes you want to be smart and yes you want to be physically strong you want to exercise your brain and your body as much as possible and get them both as mentally strong physically get yourself as mentally strong as physically strong as you possibly can and that's not just in the. In the military that's in life. Life. Somebody quoted on Twitter the other day you if you two you can't you don't know two plus two if you're dead but you can't add two plus so if you're if you're investing all your time in being smart or you're investing all your time and in that intellectual aspect of your life. And then you let your physical aspect go well guess what now you're now you're unhealthy now you die because you can take here you now what good is your brain now zero group zero good. Good. Check. Next wish. Jockel how do you give feedback to someone without everyone taking it personal I try to give criticism regarding their work or actions while not attacking their character but unfortunately many feel that it's personal. Yeah welcome to the world. People don't like criticism criticism and I almost put a. No one in the world like scripts. Okay, so there might be 0.001% of the world that's really like open and ready for feedback right. But most people even when they said even when they tell you they want feedback they don't want it they don't want it like let me let me give you an example if you echo Charles yes would like you you made a video and it took you now right don't even. Right, you know what I'm saying like you could come to me and say hey what do you think and I was like well you know I think you framed this up wrong. How what what's your reaction to that I mean there's no possible way that you're stoked on that there just don't now luckily. You know we know each other you can be attached to be like all right and he just he doesn't he's not pointing this out to me for no reason whatever but what I'm saying is even when you're saying hey what do you think of this. And I criticize something that you work so hard on there's no one in the world that's happy about that even when they ask for it. So you have to flank people that's what you have to do now he's asking specifically how do you do this so here's some things. What one of the things that I do when I want to give someone a criticism I don't give them criticism what I do is I ask them questions about whatever it is now he this is interesting I'm not even talking about pointed questions I'm not even talking about like hard questions. I'm not saying like why did you do that no I'm talking about hey why did you do it that way. Like there's a big difference between like why did you do it that way me like in said saying hey echo that frame is doesn't look good. Hey why did you frame that up like that right so now I'm getting you to think about it right but I'm not going to say. Do how are you going to make that work. You know I'm going to say well hey do you think you're going to be able to make that work. If if you did something and it doesn't go well I'm not going to say you know did you actually think that was a good idea. Instead I'm going to say it's again it's not pointing question I'm going to say. Well did hey did that unfold the way you thought it was going to unfold. And now you're going to get to answer the question now you're going to be you're going to be the person that uncovers the fault. It's going to be you not me and that makes it so much more palatable to everyone when they're able to say oh yeah you know I saw this over here. And most of the time the person knows the truth. Most of the time the person knows that that thing stopped framed up right they know that the idea was not great so you don't need to punch him in the face with it because that's actually going to make him get defensive. So you're playing come you ask him the question you talk about it you discuss the subject and what you do is you guide him. You guide him to a mirror you guide him to a mirror and then and then you just have looking at that mirror. You set him up so they have to look at that mirror so that they can see the problems themselves and once they see the problems themselves they can start to correct them. Now sometimes you sometimes it's your ego. That wants even once they see the problem themselves the people want to take credit for showing that and it's you got to check your ego. You got to make sure that your ego is insane I want to prove to this person that I know how to frame this up better then you got to put that all in check. You got to just let you got to let him have it. So now are there situations where you can give really good frank feedback yes there is. But you have to have a good relationship with that person or really good relationship with that person. And then usually one of the best ways to make this happen is that the feedback the negative feedback is going both ways meaning I want to get negative feedback about my performance from that person so that there's some. Equanimity and what's being said among us right. So I might be a little you know I might say echo. Hey man I did I you know I did this I answer this question on Q and I did you think I was a good answer because I think you know I think could have been better and then you say yeah you know you dragged on you talk too long and whatever you give me some critique and then I go oh yeah. Hey and by the way the lighting on that didn't look good right and so now we have a little mutual criticism and it's all good makes a little bit more palatable to you because I made the thing. And so that's sometimes works but what's interesting is even when you do that some people just don't even freaking care and and they even after they just tear you apart. And then you throw a little little like a little nick on their shoulder on their arm you give them a little nick about something that wasn't right they still get. So you have to be really. You have to have a really great relationship with that person to be able to have just that straight straight feedback but build relationships ask them questions let them find their own faults if you can and be their guide let them to provide them to that mirror got into their faults. Now of course there are some people that won't even find their own faults no matter how you guide them and how hard you trying to assume to look in the mirror you have to let them know. You actually have to come out and say what's going on you have to be more direct now luckily. If a person is the type person that fails to see their own faults they begin to fail right because they're making mistakes that's why they're faults right they're making mistakes and when they see that. When you see that and you see that their project is failing or you see that their people are revolting against them or you see that they're missing deadline after deadline they know that too. And then what you're doing is you're coming to them basically as like a concerned friend that really wants to help them win and and pointing out some of these obvious failures that they might not be you know aware of and you still got to be gentle about this. But when you come to them you can come to them as a friend as a as a person that really wants them to win and you can come out out there looking like the good guy trying to help them get their. Theirself back on track. So those are some of the. Some of the basic strategies that I used to help people to the little course correction. People need a little criticism so that they can not improve their game for themselves for the team etc. Good. So business man. My input people are people aren't people aren't people aren't people aren't like criticism. Yeah, yeah, they like praise. You know how. And you know the other side of this coin. If you're a person which you are and you don't like. And you don't. If you can open your mind to the criticism man you're going to be so you're going to get so much better about everything that you do. If you can just listen to people without getting ego crazy and thinking. You know about this. Yep. Just listen to just listen not your head. Let's know what they have to say they're trying to help you. Right. We assume that they're trying to help us. Yeah. Well, no. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. But if you go in with the assumption that this person just trying to cut me down well then that's not going to get you anywhere. Yeah. But if you make this something you know what I'm going to listen to what this person has to say. What's wrong with that? Yeah. Even if it's an assumption we're not supposed to assume. If I assume you're going to want I'm going to assume that Eko is giving me criticism right now because he wants me to do better. And I'm going to take them as as face value as I can. Yeah. That he is trying to help me get better. Yeah. And yeah. That's actually really correct. If you start at that point that's your default right that hey this criticism is to help now I might look at your criticism and I analyze it from a detached perspective and I go I think actually Eko is just trying to drag me in the wrong direction because he's jealous and I might get to that point. Yeah. And it'll be more way more obvious. And it'll be way more obvious. If you if you started that that that other one where it's okay to say. But if you're just default all he just wants to try to look like he knows everything or he just wants to you know make if you start there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can't even kind of discern you know if that really is happening or not. Not the place to be. Next wish. Choco. What's the best way to combine striking and grappling with self defense in mind? Never heard you mention MMA in this context only due to it gloves on. Consequently how the teams adapt MMA based training to real situations. What's your take on army's modern army combat is? Okay. So a few questions there. How do you best learn to combine striking and grappling? Well, what you do is you combine striking and grappling. That's how you get going. You put on the big gloves. We used to call it shoot boxing. That was like a block of training that we doing with with guys that were fighting MMA. You put on the big the relatively big boxing gloves. And then you put you mix and take down to them. So that's great. You should do that. You can do that with kids too. You can do that with kids where you put the big boxing gloves on kids and you have a shoot. Those double legs all day long. So when somebody takes a swing out of them, they know how to set up. They know the timing. They start to get familiar with it because in a way, well, it take down. Are easier in MMA because the person is not solely defending against. A take down they're defending against punches. They're defending against kicks. So they have to be in a different stance. And so that's the way it works. If you want to train to get combined striking, grappling. You have to combine them together. And you know, if I've only mentioned it with, due to two clubs on man, I've done a ton of MMA, sparring with fighters like a ton with gloves, with big gloves, shoot boxing, little gloves, everything. And I don't know why I haven't talked about it much, but yeah, I've done a ton of it. And that's how I know like taking someone down with that's trying to punch you as easier. Now it sucks when you get punched. But it is easier than going against someone that's just trying to wrestle you and has a different stance. A lower stance than all that. So yeah, that's how you do it. You put your big gloves on. And then also you can do you can drill with big gloves on. Where someone's trying to punch you while they're in your guard or while you're punching while you're someone's trying to punch you while they're mounted. You can do that with slaps too, right? Like I mount you and I'm just starting slapping you because then you realize if these were punches, you'd be in serious trouble. So yeah, you can mix those things in and mix them together. Don't get hurt. Be careful. But yeah, you can definitely mix them. So now the next question was how do the teams adapt MMA based training? Well, the big concepts are the same. The big concepts are exactly the same. You're going to have to close the distance. Like you got someone that's on arm that you're going to need control of. Well, you got to close the distance. You got to take them down. You got to get control of them. You got to submit or subdue them somehow. That can happen. You got to be able to break away. If somebody grabs you. You got to be able to break away. You've got to be able to get up off the ground. There's some large muscle movements that are exactly the same. The striking parts are exactly the same. Someone's, you know, you want to clear someone or or you want to punch someone to get them, you know, a little bit disoriented before you get control. Yeah, that's that's what you're doing. That's what that's what boxing is, you know. And so those things aren't. There's so much of it that overlaps that the adaption doesn't have to be barely anything. The adaption comes in and we have to do some additional training, some additional concepts that you're moving with. You're on that you have to be able to protect your weapons and your weapon systems. So you, you know, you want to be aware of where your rifle is, where your pistol is, where your knife is. So that people can't get a hold of it. Weapons retention. So that becomes part of it. The the the fact that you're working with another person, usually a partner, a shooting buddy. That's going to cover and move for you. So if I go to take a guy down, I got to be aware of where my partner is. In case that person that I'm trying to take down gets the upper hand or has a weapon that I didn't see. So that my partner can get a clear shot. So there are tactical things that you do have to add in, but the fundamental concepts, there's there, there's so transferable. There's so transferable that it's it's it's like, you know, I, it's a gui and no gui, right? It's a gui and no gui. If someone is awesome at gui, they're going to be good at no gui. Yeah. And at will are there some concepts that you need to learn. Yeah, there's some little things. But there's an overlap is huge baseball and softball, right? The if someone played a college baseball and now they're playing on their local restaurant softball team. They're going to crush it, right? It's not the exact same sport. Longboard surfing versus shortboard surfing, right? If someone's a great surfer on a shortboard, they're going to be decent on a longboard. They might, they're not going to be in the world. They're going to be in the world. They're going to be in the world. They'll be damn good. One of the things that I used to, well, Okay, shooting, shooting. You got combat shooting, but then you just have competitive target shooting, right? It is competitive target shooting. The same as combat shooting. No, there's no explosions. There's no movement or oftentimes, no, there's there's competition where I do a movement too. And the more close it is, the better it's going to be, but if you're a competitive rifle shooter, and you, and then you do combat shooting, it is definitely, there's a ton of crossover. One of the things that I used to talk about a lot when people would question, Hey, well, MMA fighting, that's not good for the SEAL teams, because you don't have any gear on. One of the examples that I used a lot was guys that were really in-depair shooting. And, you know, when you, when you jump in the civilian world, you don't have a rock sack, you don't have a weapon, you don't have night vision goggles, you don't have any that stuff. And yet, if you have a thousand jumps as a civilian with a slick rig on, you're going to be infinitely better at the military skydive with the weapon and the rock sack and the night vision and all that, you're going to be infinitely better. It's the same exact thing. Are there some little things that you're going to have to figure out? Some details, where that, where they don't completely overlap, yes, absolutely. So, there you go. So, I guess when you train, JJ2, wrestling boxing, moi tie, if you're in the military, you know, you also have to make sure that you carve out time where you think about the other components, right? About having gear on, what that, what changes when you have your gear on, how to protect your weapons, all that stuff that I talked about, about working with other people, about the tactical situations that you're in, because there's going to be some tactical situations that you're in, if you're not thinking straight, you're going to have a problem. Never, never had somebody that goes, what did you do to smoke good for self-defense? What do you do? Pull guard in the street? It's like, no, you're never going to pull guard in the street. Or you shouldn't. As if pulling guard is like the only thing you did to that stuff. But here's the, well, the fact is, if someone takes you down in the street and you don't know the guard, what are you going to do? You're going to get your face smashed. So, you got to cover both angles, but there's so much overlap that if you get good and apt, you're going to have some of the fundamental of MMA, you will be really good at the, what you need to know with the additional concepts on military tactical types, types of situations. As far as modern army combatants, it's a great solid foundational program and created by some great, great martial artists that were in ground floor. I think Matt Larson did the guy that kind of is the grandfather of a father of, I don't know if his old enough to be great and father of MMA, it would be my age, so I don't know. Sorry, Matt. But yeah, I mean, he put together great system and it's a great fundamental system. It could someone pick apart some aspect of the army computer. You could, look at the whole system. It's a great solid system. Get people started out on. So props. I mean, any system you can kind of say that for. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You can't, you can't. You know, you know, there's a traditional system, right? Because it's a great foundational system. Because once you learn it, you don't, you don't learn the army combat, the modern army combatters. And then say, okay, we're good now. Don't need to train anymore. That's not the right answer. Right answer is you have a good foundation. Now keep building on it. Yeah. That's the answer. Yeah. You have to remember you to train for MMA and pancreasian. Remember that. Yeah. And it's trained for a while and the sparring element of it. three-fig, because there's, you know, even if you're training MMA, you're going to train striking one day and maybe even specialized striking stuff one day and then wrestling and grappling and you're just doing one day. But you have MMA sparring, which is a full MMA fight with big gloves and you know, may or may not have shimp as or whatever, but it's essentially MMA fight and that is 100% incorporating grappling and striking and take that's everything, you know? So it's kind of like one of those things where you get to train to fill in those gaps between, okay, one moment I'm striking one moment I'm grappling and the strikes while you're grappling, you know? And there's, and there's some, there's some inconsistencies because if you're striking with big gloves then you can't grab someone's hands the way you would with the little gloves on. But you like you said what it does is it fills in the gaps. Yeah. So yeah, that's what the training that's training is for. So like, you know, if you're, you know, if you like to play guard or you have a slick game from guard or whatever, if you train like an MMA training or training with strikes and stuff like that, it'll really expose where you're in danger in a real fight because that guy's gonna, you know, like it's gonna punch you in the face done there. So it's a faster pace thing. So it just builds your awareness of it. So I remember that even when I just go back to regular duty to do it, so whatever it's like, man, I feel super aware of it. Like almost like you're into this way. Okay, I can get punch from you. I actually think about that all the time. Yeah. I always think like I'll be wrong with Taylor. Yeah. And because Taylor is in like, Andy, I don't think about it as much because Andy's more of a duty to fighter, but, you know, Taylor, he's an MMA fighter. And so if he's on top of me for around, like he's in my top half guard. Yeah. And when we get down, I'll be like, I'm glad that wasn't MMA because you would have pulverized my head. Yeah. You know, and now do some gaps open up when people start punching. Yeah, they do. Is there an opportunity? Yeah, there is. But you're gonna take some shots. Yeah. Well, and then at the end of the day, all that is part of it. You know, so it's like, if you're, if you're okay, so here's the scenario I'd find myself in where the guy I'm going to get, this is a way better strike. Really me. Like way more experience and just better. But my Jits is way better. So it's like, Tanger, I gotta get this guy to the ground. So if we don't, when we train this, I get that practice to be okay. I'm gonna use this guy's striking to like get around them or something like that. I'm not gonna like stand here and try to strike with him. Yeah. Be it up this training system. But you do have to stand there long enough to get them to think to get them to forget about you taking them down. Yeah. Fully. That's what I always, and you see that in MMA fights, too. Right. You can't just go in there and start shooting on the guy because they know that you're gonna try and take them down. Because they know their ground game is worse. And so they're gonna defend that take down exactly right. And then you get them thinking about you gotta get them thinking about that knockout. Right. And knock you out. And that's how that takes two minutes. Sometimes it takes three minutes. Sometimes it takes around and a half before you take your first shot. Yeah. And really to be real with you, it's that's what this training is for. So in the beginning, you might not even be able to take that guy down because you're like, oh, I know this guy. He's that judicious guy. Now he's kind of training with us. He was drinking me down and he's just gonna beat you up from the outside. And actually, yeah, what he'll do is he won't even beat you up. He won't even commit to his punches because he doesn't want to overstep and give you any advantage on your take down. Yeah. So he was standing like he said, Sandley, I thought you're attacking you in the attack. And I say that because that's kind of what happened to me. So I'd go in and then of course they just stay away or sprawl because they know it's coming kind of thing. And then you know as you reset from the straw, sprawl he but one, two cut on the on the separation. I don't think it's stuff. Yeah, no big deal. One, two, yeah. Just all around. Yeah. I've got to say it down. I'm saying it's funny because when you say you know you take a one, two is you're getting away, but though that punch is big boy. They stay boy. But after a while, that's what I'm saying. You get that training. Just through the training. You're like, okay, I know how this is now. It's not like digital, where I can kind of, you know, just go and lock up and if I don't get to take out a whole guard kind of thing, these guys, they're not trying to grapple with you. They're trying to stand back up. You get that training, you know. So when you wind up, you know, being able to take them down all this stuff, you can like you'll have just way more advantage because you're aware of all these different elements that you might not get in just digital class. You might get them, but you probably probably don't. You get a guy who always wants to stand up. Right, and you just a class. Try to roll with a guy in digital. Just trade you just who only wants to stand up. Who just would rather die than be in the bottom? He'll start. It's so annoying. It's challenging. Something you need to learn to contend with because there are tactics that you can use as the guy on top to keep them down there. Exactly. Right. And you get them. I mean, me guys, especially if you're better than them at like the digital element of it, that's what they're going to do. So that's what training you're going to get. Yeah, check. Oh, next question. Draco, as a leader of a team or business has decided to, okay, as a leader of a team, our business has decided to terminate one of my people. I disagree with their logic, but I'm not in a position to change the decision. What should I do to retain my influence to support the rest of my team, yet not compromise my values? That's a good question. That's a solid question. That's a tough question. It's a little bit tricky without the details of the situation, but I wonder what kind of relationship that the person that asked the question, I wonder what kind of relationship you have with the senior leadership that makes those decisions, because you got to remember that our goal is to always have the relationships of the chain of commands, so that you can influence those decisions. And if you have that kind of relationship, then you can find out why that decision got made. And there might be things that you didn't know about. Some kind of strategic outcome that the decision has had an impact on, right? So if you didn't know it, but this guy had some kind of criminal situation going on and you didn't know it, then they can't talk about it, because it's illegal, okay? If you don't know, don't speculate, just go and ask. And then you can take whatever those reasons are, and you can articulate them down the chain of command. And again, you want to ask this question in a smart way. You know what I say? What a bill get fired. Hey, why do bill get fired? Now you say, hey, from my perspective, it seemed like bill was doing a good job. I want to kind of understand what you were seeing, so that I can lead people better. If there's anything that I can make up for, I want to make sure I'm leading people. Like all those things, you want to help their ego and make them feel good to make them feel like you're on board of the program and not make them feel like you're going there questioning their call, because that's just an attack on their ego. So this is all these things. It's a basic things, right? The fun of Ash, he called it basic. These are the fundamental things, right? This is the, this is the way it is standard. I should just say standard. That's what I should say. Standard stuff. You're trying to build a relationship. You don't want to go in, but your head up against their ego, then they get more defensive. And next, you know, they're going to fire another one of your guys on your team, just to prove a point, you can get yourself. You can dig yourself that whole. But if you make your goal, hey, I'm going to build the relationship with my boss. That's what you are trying to do. Now, if you find out why then you can articulate that to the rest of the team and the way that you maintain your values is by maintaining your values. Okay? So just because there's a situation that our decision that gets made that you don't agree with doesn't mean that you compromised your values. Like your boss can make a decision and that doesn't, that you don't agree with. That doesn't mean that your values are compromised unless it's like an illegal or it's an immoral or it's an unethical situation, which by the way, a firing could be one of those things. Right? The guy could be firing because he wasn't, you know, what wouldn't he wouldn't give me the keys to the vehicle for the weekend. So I could use it on my private time and I'm going to fire him now. Like that's unethical, right? There's a problem. So now your values definitely, if you just remain silently, you're kind of compromising your values. So there are times when you may have to stand up, but bosses make decisions. That's what they do. And we do our best to influence them. Now, if they decide something we don't like then yes, we ask why and if we don't like their explanation then we try and explain our case. We try and explain why we thought Bill should have been not been fired. Now you're not always going to be right. You're not always going to be right. And let me tell you something else. Don't argue about six and one half does and the other. Bill might have been on the fence and they decided you know what, we found enough trouble with Bill. We're getting rid of them. And maybe there's valid reasons where I Bill should have said, but it's like it could have gone at 6040. Are you going to put your reputation and your relationship with your boss on the line for over that little thing? Now again, I understand firing people is a big deal. It's not small. It's not a little thing. Especially you have a good relationship. He's on your team. He's got kids. You know, I look all these things are there. So what are you going to do about it? Are you going to break down and negatively impact your relationship with your boss over this? So that in the future you have even less influence what happens when they go to fire Mike? And you haven't and all you did was go, hey, why'd you do this? It's a stupid. They're going to fire Mike and they're not going to listen to damn thing you said. You want to build a relationship with them. You can you can explain what your view point is and what you would have done now. This is like down. This is talking to your team. You can explain what your view point was and what you would have done. But you also, you don't want to, you don't want to be gentle, right? As long as you explain, if you explain the, hey, I would have done something different and you also explained that the boss, it was a tough decision and the boss made the call and the best thing that we can do as a team is support the boss so we can garner more influence over these situations in the future. That's good. And you know what, one of the best things you could do here with your team is you can even explain that it's your fault that the decision got made. Right? You say, look, I haven't built a good enough relationship with the boss. That's why you fired Bill. I'm working on it. I'm going to do it better. We're going to give him the support that he needs so we can stop this thing from happening in the future. So you don't want to throw your boss under the bus. It's much, much better to take ownership of it. All day, all day. If you throw your boss under the bus and you create an antagonistic relationship, it's bad for you, it's bad for your boss and it's bad for your team and it's bad for your whole organization. I get it. And there's a dichotomy here because if your boss totally fired someone with not good reason and it was a great guy and if you just jump on board of the boss, you're going to look weak. So do you have to balance that? Yes, you have to be honest with your people. We have to explain what's going on. That's why I think taking ownership is one of the best things to do. Your boss does something that's totally out of line. Hey, look, here's what the boss did. This is my fault. Here's what I'm doing to fix. I'm going to build a better relationship. I'm going to get more influence. That's what I need to do. I obviously let you guys down. I'm not going to let it happen again. That brings your team closer to you rather than saying, hey, the boss was boss and idiot. He doesn't get it. You're going to be a people don't actually even respect that. By the way, they don't actually even respect that. I'm not saying they say, hey, the to boss is decision and that's, you know what, we just support the boss. I'm not saying that. It's a dichotomy. It's a balance that you have to carefully walk. Compromise, compromise on decisions and directions and plans doesn't hurt. You know, he's talking about compromising. It's like, compromise is okay. That's what it is. Compromise is okay. Again, as long as you're not compromising, your personal values, your ethics. But compromising about a decision, that's the way the world works. Don't let your ego get into it. Don't let your ego. So keep building relationships, take ownership of the decisions and support the team. Keep building relationships, not just the chain of command, but down so that you can bring it all together. Next question. Go. Question frogman. Do you think it's always a bad thing to be thought of as slightly unapproachable as a leader? Yeah, so this is another question about the dichotomy of leadership. It's another question about balance and it's strangely worded question by the way from this, this, this, this, scots me, who I know. It's because he uses the question, he uses the word always and usually always is always a never right when you use those. They usually don't hold up. It's an always and bad thing. But then he kind of, he kind of softens the always by saying slightly unapproachable. So we give him a fairly low grade on his question. But luckily the concept of the question we give him a high grade, which is, is it, is it, should you be unapproachable? Slightly unapproachable. Should you be, that's the real question. Should you be slightly unapproachable as a leader? Well, there's, this is a question about dichotomy. The question is about balance. Do you want to have people approach you about every little problem ratio as a boss? Do you want to have that happen? No, you don't. Right? Do you want to be the easy button where you have to answer every single question to make every decision? No. If you're too approachable, that's where you're going to find yourself. Now, at the same time, at the other end of the spectrum, do you want your team to never approach you ever? Because you're unapproachable. No, you don't want that. Do you want them to, to be scared or intimidated from giving you good honest feedback or good suggestions about the way you're doing things? Do you, do you not want that to happen? Because you're too unapproachable? Of course not. So those are the dichotomies. You can be too approachable and be the easy button or you can be too aloof and too distant and too unapproachable. That you don't even know what's happening on the front lines and you don't get any input from them. The extremes are bad. So what you want to do is you want to bounce those two dichotomies be in the middle. Be approachable, but not overly approachable. And you'll be good. Pretty straightforward. I think we got time for one more. I'm talking. What do you do when you're broke in? What do I do when I'm broken? When I'm broken, I relish it. That's what I'm going to use it. Because if I'm broken, then I just found my limitations. And until I know what my limitations are, how can I push them? How can I get better? But once I see it, once I feel it, once I see where I was broken, then I can attack that weakness. I can fill in that gap. I can reinforce that breach. If you break, it means it's time to fortify your will to make it stronger. Then look, there's all kinds of different ways to break. You can break physically, you can break mentally, you can break your heart, you can break your spirit, and none of those are fun. And all of those are going to leave a mark. But the mark that they leave can be the mark of victory or be the mark of defeat. Because every time you break in it, in every way that you break, while it's a chance, it's definitely a chance for you to give up and for you to just follow apart. But there's also opportunity. There's opportunity to get stronger, get smarter, and get faster, and get tougher, and get more stable, and get more resilient, and get better. When you break, you have the opportunity to show the world, the whole world, what you are really made of. So, if you break, if you break, the fight isn't over. In fact, if you break, the fight is just beginning. And as you crawl up and out of that dismal and wretched place, covered, and you're covered in blood and sweat and dirt and filth, as you rise, above what you were. And as you take the form of of who you are supposed to be, you will see that in the very act of standing up and the very act of fighting on, you will become and you will remain unbroken. And I think that's all I've got for tonight's so echo Charles speaking of getting stronger, and faster, and tougher, and better. Maybe you got some ways we could, you know, support ourselves with those goals, facilitate getting better and stronger. I like it. Push the breaking point. I'll tell you that, that'll push your breaking point, especially the joint warfare part. No, you like that. Coming right in hot. No, that's okay. So, start with the origin, right? Origin. Merch and made. Yeah, we're at the origin immersion camp right now. We're sorry that you're not here. Oh, you're up to the main. Or we're happy that you are here. Or yeah, if you're here, we're happy you're here. Yeah, definitely. There's a lot of people in the game. There's a lot of people in the game. A lot of people heard us say on the podcast come to the origin camp, and they're here. And guess what? In the form. Yeah, in the form. It's awesome. Yeah, every level. How do black belts are here? Dang, I don't know. A lot. Yeah. How many white belts are here? A lot. Yeah. How many people have never trained you, Jitsu? A lot. A decent number. Okay, to put into context, this is, I think we had to do this, right? Or we just did. None of the last of the people we did. We're breaking up. Yeah. So, everyone convenes in the morning, right? For on the big mats, and they're like, hey, who hasn't had any experience at all, or, you know, under a however, among their mom or something like that? Go with Jockel guys over here to this other mat. Yeah. The other mat was full. It was full. Yeah. So it's late. The point is it's not just like people who want to just, you know, get after their Jitsu game, and they've been in it for years and years, and they want to camp out and do it. It's not that. Yeah. And it's only, there's a lot of different instructions. Like, like, yes, like yesterday, the Dakot and I taught the, taught the new Jitsu people. Yeah. Today, I think it was the Dakot and Hoffa and I stayed down with the, the colored belts. Right. I think there's, I think there's probably the same number of black belts here as people that their first day ever on the mats was here. Yeah. I think it's about the same number, what? Like, 20, 20 of each. 20 people that have never trained Jitsu before, and 20 people that have their black belts in Jitsu. There's like those two. And then there's everyone in between. You, this guy, oh, I was talking to his guy. He's like, he goes, yeah, today's my second day. I was like, oh, yeah, right on where, where, you know, when was your first day? Where was he? He goes, oh, yeah, here. Yes. I was like, oh, I forgot. I keep one day after he is going to sit sweet crazy. But yeah. So we're, we're right now. Yep. We're, everyone to the factory. Yeah. The orange and factory. In farming to Maine saw where everything is made. Yeah. Big time. So what do we have? Guis. Roshka. There's a new, you guys were extra fired up about extra extra fired up. Oh, was that, is that a deal? I think it's definitely, well, we can't show anybody, but we do have a new key coming. Yeah. And we'll say it's, it's very awesome. Let's check. Yeah. Nonetheless, picking a geese origin, the best geese hands down. Everyone knows they're ready. It's like what he called this common knowledge. Anyway, Maine and America. 100% Maine and America. Also, Roshka's all kinds of Jitsu stuff. Those shorts, those new shorts they came out with. I proved big tent. Yeah. But yeah, they got some some sweat suits to joggers. Sure, some whatnot. Oh, good stuff. Supplements. Yeah. You know, the supplements. These are supplements that, how do I pick what supplements I'm going to make? It's supplements that I've taken. Yeah. And dial them in. The protein, the milk, taste good, is good. No sugar. What's it got? One carb, two carbs, something like that. Yeah. Something like that. Just a little tasty dessert. Just, but it was really way to eat. Yeah. You were talking about doing warfare. We got krill oil all good. We got discipline. You're pre. I saw a lot of people drinking discipline, like heading to the maps. A lot of people drinking that discipline. Yeah. And someone said it was in that big cooler and didn't go over there and check. That would make sense. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, so that's who we got that. That's origin main, origin main.com. You get all that. That's our company. We're making all this stuff. We're going to keep making stuff until until we make everything that we use. That's the goal. Yeah. Yeah. And these are especially the joint stuff, man. The joint stuff on is the one that is like it every day. Go to, in my case, that's milk too. Where I'm every day and pounding milk on the milk. Yeah. And you, you surprised me earlier because I asked you, because you always say you're on the milk train fully, or you say you're fully on the milk train, fully. Usually you say, yeah, usually you say you're on the milk train fully. Is it safe? And I asked you could someone be partially on the milk train. And you said that that was in fact possible. I don't know how that's possible. But well, you have to, how many milk, how many milk a day certifies you as being on the milk train? At least one a day. Okay, that's pretty, that's doable. That's not crazy. But if you're pounding milk every day, that's the milk train regardless. But when you're fully on the milk train, that's like a milk it is fully on the milk train. That's like two, sometimes three. Yeah. Yeah. Imagine so basically with two, two scoops or two, two situations. To me, two scoops is one one. That's one drink. Two scoops. See, that's the thing is I've got this new thing where I do these little hitters. Yeah. You're just like, I know, I know, there's the situation. Me and Theo Vaughan were hanging out when he's talking about hitters. But he isn't even know about Vaughan. I understand him some milk. So he can have a hitter. A hitter is Vaughan scoop. Vaughan scoop, it doesn't, that's a thing, is it doesn't make because when I have a double shot of milk, I'm full. Right. There's no room. Right. You know, I'm not and animals to take some time to digest. Right. That that's a meal. Basically you just stay to stake a big one. That's how I feel. Yeah. Well, now if I have a one scoop hitter, I just get one of those hitters. Sure. Hitter and then you can go to the engine. Yeah, you can keep moving. You can work out like 45 minutes later. You can be in the gym. Yeah. I'll be on the map. That makes sense. Actually, now that I'm thinking about it, I don't take it. Like, I'll do it for every time. Like, if I work out, that's all eat after I work out. Yeah. Well, most of the time, but okay. So here's the situation. God home the other day woke up at a crappy hotel somewhere early in the morning, early morning flight woke up, didn't work out at the hotel early morning because I knew I was heading back to my house where I could be in my home gym. So wait, it got home was hungry. Did a hitter. Did it? Yeah. Because I was hung because of the neck the night before. That's what did neat. Why did neat was working? So God home, it was, I don't know, it was like pan, God home. Wanted to eat something, but still wanted to work out before lunch hitter. Okay. Makes sense. Yeah. And then booms still got work to do. I think that's why lunch time came. It wasn't that hungry. Yeah, that hitter. Yeah, man. So you just sort of fit it in your whole thing. Yeah. But yeah. And then consider the joint we're in the crew oil boom every day. Join square away. Yeah. I didn't mean for that to run, but it does. It's all good. It's good. Also, good way to support. We have a store. Technically, Jocco has a store. I help make it so we have a store. Affirmative. Either way, it's called Jocco store. You know, Rashguards are available. Rashguards under a ghee. Yes or no, what's your opinion? Well, yeah, whatever you like first of all, some people mandate it. Oh, there's some schools that it is mandatory. You will wear a Rashguard under your ghee. Okay. There's some schools where you're not allowed to. Are you allowed? Can you wear them in a turn? Some turn them into your allowed to. Some turn them into your not allowed to. There's some rules out there. Okay. So find that out and then you can get one of these Rashguards that say something on them like good after it or something like that. Yeah. And yeah, Rashguards t-shirts, you can get hats. Yeah. So good hats on there. Yeah. Flex fit. If you're into it, okay. Jocco's not into Flex fit. Yeah. Okay. A digger. Did we figure out the numbers yet? Figure out which more popular? No. Which one do people like more? We don't know yet. We don't know yet. I don't know. I remember the fact, I remember the Flex fit phase. But I think we're out of it. Man, I think we're back to, I think everyone in America's back to truckers. Oh, like that's kind of what we're doing now. I think that's what America. I think America's on board with trucker ads. I could be wrong though because we know my fashion sense is completely in the don't know. I'm existing. Yeah, you're out of the set about that. So yeah. I don't know. I'll find out and report back. But if you want to shirt, you know, these shirts, the ones that say discipline, you go free to boom. That's where you can get them. Jocco's store also look one with Jocco's head on it. This is good. More than a few people have said, hey man, I really like, you know, your stuff. But I'm not wearing a shirt with your joint head on it. Yeah. It's not for everybody. It's not for everybody. Not for everybody. Somebody said, hey, is there a shirt with your head on it to me? Oh, and it reminded me. Well, yes, it is one day. Jocco designed. The thing, sure. Actually, yeah, so that's one little factoid. What's a factoid? Small factoid. That many people don't know. A lot of the designs that we year part of, like, you know, echelon front and, you know, some of these designs. Jocco, Joc, you made the designs. You didn't make the official one, but you, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. With your left hand or whatever, because like, you drew the design. The concept is mine. Yeah. The concept is mine. But you physically drew it, though, that's the thing. Yeah. It seems like it's not like you said, hey, I wanted to do this and say, you like drew it out. A picture's worth a thousand more. I'm not writing you a thousand worth paragraph with that echelon front signal. What's a jocco podcast thing is going to look like, or what the jocco white tea, whatever. Good draw. But there it is. Do it. Yeah. So you're technically a designer. Do the ideas. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. People don't know that. Now they do. And the last is called joccostore.com. Yeah. And it gets something represent big time. Big time. Also, subscribe to the podcast. If you haven't already on iTunes and Stitcher, if you have Android, that's the big one for Android. Okay. I think that I can for Android. I don't know either way. Whatever you used to stream podcasts, subscribe. If you haven't already. Don't forget about the Warrior Kid podcast. Working on it's we've got 16 out right now. I think maybe 17 out right now. But anyways, more common on that. And a lot of the good feedback I'm getting is that the kids want to listen to them over and over and over again. Which is kind of cool. So I'll make more show kids can listen to more of them. And there's stuff in there. It's Uncle Jake answering questions. You might think it's like questions up for little tiny kids. But you don't get anything out of. I think that's just talk with some people I can't. The last talk with this one one girl and she was saying yeah, I'm totally into the Warrior Kid podcast. Yeah. It's a common on number 10 right now. It's really good actually. So those questions are for everybody. I'm like, right on. So yeah, Uncle Jake has a little something to teach everybody. You know, that's the way it is. Also YouTube, we got YouTube. YouTube channel. If you want to see echoes legit videos. We also owe the videos we spoke of. So we're getting we need to get those done. Maybe we'll get back to San Diego. Yeah. The two lifetimes come along. Yeah. Life changing. But they're two instructional life videos. Yeah. Tips. Yeah. That's yeah. That's that's that's much more appropriate. That's good. So you can also see echoes legit videos. In the hands for the host to sure. Yeah. YouTube's good on. Good way to support. Also on it on it dot com slash jockel by the way. So you can get good workout gear legit workout gear when I'm very up your workouts. Also they have a lot of cool other stuff. There's this tri blend peanut butter. It's but it's not peanut butter. It's peanut butter. All in butter and I think cash you. So it's like an enhanced peanut butter scenario. That's what you use it for. It's good anyway. They got a lot of cool stuff on there like that like warrior bars and whatnot. Yeah. Where it bars can be it's like a beef jerky but not jerky. It's like a you know it. Look at it's good super uh uh hot dance in like protein and nutrient scenario anyway on it dot com slash jockel. Good spot. Don't forget we got the psychological warfare album that you can get that has discussions tracks if you will about out of a cum some moments a weakness that you might hit and we are working on the next one. We're not quite there yet. So we're working on it but yeah psychological warfare. It's you can get that anywhere iTunes Google play whatever mb3 platforms are out there. Yeah. Again also jockel white tea. Yes. The phenomenon. It's funny like I know and people know our rea and I know and never really was into tea. Actually even when the the video called the dry tea came out I was like cool because I was thinking I'm on the button. You were just you were just playing. You were just going along with it. Which you were in the game. The here's the thing though. I was going along with it. I was giving I was like a what he called back and listened to those podcasts and see if you were trying to act like you in the game even though we now know you weren't. Well that's going to make you whole your whole deal suspect. But it this way I was in the game but it was like because I was like on the hype train you know how like I was like hey man everybody I'm doing this new thing and you're like fuck you just you know that just made you sound worse. Well hey man that's the truth and everyone's going to be such the hype. How do we even know what you're saying right now? It's true about it. Well maybe it's all hype maybe even now you got to find out for yourself that's the thing. You have a point. That's the question. Maybe this is the thing. So I taste like my hate cool cool but it kind of you know kind of wore off. I don't drink tea that much but the cans came out and what am I doing pounding freaking tea all day is that hype no because I wouldn't be pounding it in every day. That's true. You wouldn't be texting me for more boxes to be delivered to your home. Yeah. If you weren't. Yeah. The actual tea train. Yeah we wouldn't be running out. I'll tell you that. Yeah. That wouldn't be the case. JP. JP sends me pictures of just Jocco White tea. He asked me today how much how much is there any amount of Jocco White tea that's not out of me? Yeah you got to see that. You got to find out like fully on the train. He might be one level over the train and into like the zone of whatever addiction. Yeah so Jocco books got some out there. Way the Warrior Kid Marks mission those two books. Man that's one thing being up here. How many people have come up to me and said my kids do in Jocco. My kids do in Austin School. My kids do in Pulps. Thank you so much for writing the Warrior Kid books. So if you want your kid to work out to train hard to eat right to study to do good in school. Hey the last sounds like they might be good things. Yes. Get your book. Get the way of the Warrior Kid. Your kid is not going to listen to you as much as they're going to listen to an outside source. Make the outside source something that you agree with. Some that's told me to work hard, study hard, train hard. Way the Warrior Kid Marks mission. Also got the Dispondical Freedom Field Manual. I like seeing how many people give this as a gift to people. You know just got this as a gift. I'll see that on social media and then they get off stoked on it. So that's a little instruction manual on how to get after it period. If you want the audio version, it is not unautable. It is on iTunes, Amazon, music, Google Play as an album. Extreme ownership. That's the book that lay for an I wrote. Combat leadership lessons that you can apply to your business to your life. DiCottomy of leadership. Listen podcast one thirty eight. We read a couple excerpts from it. That's coming out September 25th. If you want to get a copy of first a dish order it now. If you want third a dish fourth a dish. If you want to be walking around with a big flag that says, hey I procrastinated. I'm a procrastinator. I waited. I didn't execute. I didn't prioritize next cue. I didn't keep things simple. If you want to have that flag, you want to support that flag? Hold off. Don't order it. Get the fourth a dish. Those are dishes are going to go out quick. Because here's the deal. The the publishers. They're a conservative. We know you're first books. Your first few books have sold well, but that's no guarantee for the next one. We probably should only run this many. We don't know. Just to see. We can run more. Take the takes in a little bit more time for people to get him. It's okay. I'll live. No, actually they won't. They'll actually die for a good time. So get that first a dish going. Now this is cool. If we as a group order enough now, everyone in that first group will get first a dish. Because they'll print more first additions, which is the goal. That way more people don't have to bear the shame. And some people say, oh, I had first a dish, but I gave it away. Now I have a new one. Don't do that. Keep the first a dish. That's kind of like when you somebody sent me the British a dish of about face. First a dish British a dish. It's a different cover. I'm about face. So somebody sent me from England about face the book, England, copy, British one. So I got that in my bookshelf. That's different. The one day I want to take pictures. So I like have things that are the same. Like when I like I have flipflops, I wear flipflops around. Sure. I have nine pairs all the same. I have a belt face. I got 10 12 copies of it. Just racked up. Cool. I got my same watch. You know, I mean, these watch I got six. One of them might be broken. No, a couple of them are broken, but I keep them for spare parts. What can I see? What can I what kind of what kind of running shoes do I have? They're all the same. Work out shoes there. My workout shoes, my run shoes are all the same. Boom. The thing. What about my workout clothing? Well, all the same. Never think about it. What about that shirt? That big tree shirt? That's the same. How many of these are got a lot of them? So why we could go in my house and just take a picture of watches flipflops, sneakers. Short. You and my shorts. I wear the same damn shorts all the time. So we're just, we're just doing it. But for sending me and I'm I'm going to send the person that sent me the British a dish. I'm going to send him some kind of necophys of some books of mine. Um, hey, on top of that, we're going to leadership consulting company. Me, life-bab and JP to Nell Dave Burke, Flynn Cochrane, Mike Surreli. We solve problems through leadership. That's what we do. Now, if you want us to come in as consultants and look at what your situation is and help you align your leadership. Go to echelonfront.com. If you want one of us to come and speak to your company, go to echelonfront.com. That's what you don't call speaking agency. Just go to echelonfront.com. We have the muster. Real close to sold out. I'm not sure if it's sold out yet. But muster, 006, San Francisco, October 17, 18th, registered extremotorship.com. That's the premier leadership conference in the world. Sure. I think so. Actually, no, in the universe. Sure. I don't think they have any good leadership conferences on Mars. I think Mars is better. Yeah. They do have one. Yeah. It's probably all hot. Cold. So yeah. So yeah. The muster. Zero sirs. Kaging still get questions. Like, hey, I'm 58 years old and I have a bad knee. Would I be able to do the muster? The answer is yes. The muster is anyone can do the physical demands that the muster are very, very little. If any, if you don't, you don't have to come and do the morning PT's the morning physical training. You can completely not come to that. You can, you're more than welcome to come. And if you come, you can just watch or you could come or you could do the minimum that you can do. And that's fine. So there's no minimum physical standards for participation at the muster. If you feel like you need to come, come. And also on top of the muster, we have another event that we're doing for uniform personnel. So military law enforcement board patrol firefighters, corrections officers. I've been adding that one in paramedics. Other first responders. Roll calls. Zero sirs are one September 21st in Dallas, Texas. It's a one day leadership seminar for those folks in those dynamic leadership environments. Registration is going to close. So register, you can also register for that and the muster at extremownership.com. And of course, we also now have EF overwatch. We are connecting spec ops veterans and the companies that want to hire spec ops veterans and combat aviation. Combat aviation and spec ops companies need leaders out there. And we are we have leaders that we're connected with. So we're trying to place them. That's EF overwatch.com. And right now, we've got an awesome response from all of our other brothers and sisters in the military. So we're working on something right now to open up this to everyone. And until we see you at the muster or at the roll call or maybe we won't even see you until another year from now at the immersion camp next time in Maine. But until then, if you want to continue hanging out with us virtually, we are all up on the intro webs on Instagram, Twitter and on that Facebook. That goes at Eko Charles and I am at Jocca Willink and finally thanks to the military people around the world holding the line worldwide. Thank you for your service and in America police law enforcement correctional officers, firefighters, border patrol, paramedics, other first responders. Thank you for holding the line here at home. And to everyone else, remember that life is not easy. But it's not supposed to be easy. Life is a test and it's a hard test and sometimes you might do great on that test. And that's super. But sometimes that test doesn't go so well. Then sometimes you might falter and sometimes you might fail and sometimes you might even break and when that happens, use it. Use it to make yourself faster and stronger and smarter and better and take a look at how and why you broke so that it does not happen again. Identify your weaknesses come up with a plan of attack and get after it. And until next time, this is Eko and Jocco. adult