 This is Jocco podcast number 230 with echo Charles and me, Jocco Willink. Good evening, echo. Good evening. Operation Rolling Thunder began in 1968. As we flew combat missions striking Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara's hand-selected targets, we lost planes and men almost every day. Fying from Yankee Station, the area of the Gulf of Tonkin where the aircraft carriers operated, we learned what it was like to sit in a wardrobe and a wardrobe table surrounded by empty chairs. Half the time, we never knew what happened to them. Maybe another pilot noticed an enemy surface to air missile launch or caught a fleeting glimpse of a burning American plane heading toward the jungle below. Sometimes we'd hear the air crew requesting help on the ground, dodging enemy patrols and calling for rescue. When the helicopters went in, the North Vietnamese were often waiting. They shot up the helicopters and their escorting planes. We sometimes got our man and lost three more in the process. We were flying not just for each other. We were flying for each other's families. The man on your wing usually had a wife, maybe some children. You took care of him to take care of them. We all faced moments where we risked our lives for each other to ensure the contact teams did not knock on our brothers' door back in San Diego, Lamor, or would be island. When the enemy scored, the families were devastated. You seldom see that written about, but we've all come home to tell widows and fatherless kids how sorry we were. We gave them what peace we could. We've never seen that last night. It warps the rest of their lives as they wrestle with the pain. That old adage, time heals all wounds. No. Fifty years on, I've seen those families still break down in tears as they talk of their fallen aviator. You don't get over that kind of pain. You just learn to live around it. It becomes part of who you are. And for us out on Yankee Station, that grief motivated us to sacrifice for each other. Not everyone could hack it. There were days on Yankee Station where I watched air crews lose their nerve. The sudden some mechanical mysterious issue came up and a flight had to be scrubbed. Sometimes it happened when the same plane was on the catapult ready to launch. They just couldn't bring themselves to face it. Again, the most fearsome air defense network in the world, erected by the North Vietnamese with Russian help around Hanoi. On rare occasions, some men turned in their wings and went home rather than face that crucible again. It was easier to fly for an airline. In three years, the Navy lost 532 aircraft in combat, including other operational losses associated with that war, the Navy had 644 aviators killed, missing or taken prisoner of war. The total fixed wing aircraft losses of the Navy Marine Corps and Air Force together exceeded 2,400. Of course, it was intensely personal. Darryl Gary lived with nine guys in two houses on the beach in La Jolla when he went through training. After the first trip to Yankee Station, six came home. Worse, we were losing the larger war. Destroying the targets given to us by the Pentagon seemed to make no difference in the war to the south. The losses mounted, and the migs started seeking us out. The North Vietnamese possessed a small but well-trained air force, proxied by their Chinese and Soviet allies. As good as it was, they were not in the same league as the Soviet Air Force, so in shanked shock waves through the Navy when North Vietnamese pilots started shooting us down. During the Korean War, the North Korean Air Force was virtually wiped out in the opening months. A decade later, the Vietnamese migs gave us a real fight. They shot down one of ours for every two migs that we claimed. We considered that lost rate intolerable, given our long history of deeply one-sided kill ratios. In World War II, US Naval Aviators crushed the Japanese in the central Pacific on the way to Tokyo with Hellcap pilots who scored three-force of the Navy's air to air victories, posting a kill ratio on the order of 19-1. In Vietnam, we were simply not allowed to win. So the Navy bureaucracy did what bureaucracies do best. It continued on course. Micro-managed from Washington, DC, we made the same mistakes month after month. In January 1969, a plane-scope-spoken carrier-skipper named Frank Alt wrote a report to the chief of naval operations, detailing deadly flaws in our fighter tactics and weapon systems. His list of complaints was a long one, and the Navy decided to act. Unfortunately, many in senior commands were more about their careers than about fixing the problem. By approving the creation of an air combat post-graduate school, which we quickly named Top Gun, they gave the appearance of doing something to change things. President Johnson and Secretary McRenair's leadership, the Navy bureaucracy, seemed more interested in appearing to solve problems than risking failure by actually trying to solve them. They gave the leadership of Top Gun to a relatively junior officer, me. And that right there is an excerpt from the opening of a book called Top Gun, an American story, by a man named Dan Peterson, a retired Navy captain, fighter pilot, Vietnam Air Combat Veteran, and the first officer in charge of the story, the story, the story, the Top Gun, the Navy fighter weapon school. And it is an honor to have Dan with us here tonight to talk about his experiences and share some of his lessons learned. Sir, thank you so much for coming on. And because it is Top Gun, I am woefully unqualified to speak with any experience on air combat, also joining us is my friend from Ramadi and my colleague from National On Front Dave Burke, who has been on this podcast more times than anyone. Who served as a fighter pilot in the United States Marine Corps Top Gun instructor, Top Gun Senior instructor, Ford Air Controller with us in Ramadi on the ground. And pilot of the F-18, the F-16, the F-22, and the F-35. So I figured I'd bring someone you could actually talk to, sir. That's great. So you know, you go through some of this stuff in the book, but I want to just kind of lay the groundwork of where you grew up. I know you were born in Illinois. What was your childhood like? And I want to take us through childhood up through where you were in the Navy and then we'll get back into the book. This is, uh, earliest, met real memories. The end of the Second World War. My dad had been in Europe, sliding for four years, and came home and his job was already filled. Move down to California. Came to Riverside, California. And he worked as a puttin' pipeline in Palm Springs during that period of time. I was going to school and working a couple of jobs and making, making ends meet, guys. And that's where I grew up. Then I went to Wittier. And the draft came breathing on everybody, the follow on draft for Korea. And I joined the Navy Reserve and listed guy. How old were you when you joined the Navy Reserve? I don't know, probably 17. Just right there. And did you associate the Navy with aviation? Yeah. So you kind of knew, you know, Juckoh, how I got started really. I was in a little sit guy and I messed up. There are NES lots of automatos. It was pretty busy basing those days. A lot of World War II props, corsairs. And I was a Mac. That's when I trained to be. It was a Mac. And I was mentored by a chief named Brown. During that time, I learned to mess up. It saved my life for all of me out of the Galle. And I got out on the flight line, started carrying the man's toolbox and getting his coffee when he wanted. And he taught me a great deal about it. And what really turned me on got me going. This is too thin. It's quickly. There was the lieutenant doing a test flying in that squatter. And we were the first quarter and get jets. And we had some two seaters. TV, two's. M.T. backseat. Every time I'd work on an engineer playing go through flight test. And a person at Lutin says, you know, empty back seat is a waste. Come on, go with me. And I flew with him in the backseat. Maybe five, six, seven, eight times. And I was hooked. You know that feeling. David. Yes. You know. And so I started flying with him. And he quickly said, you're natural. You know, you're pretty good at what he said. And I'll arrange for the exams. And we'll do a physical on it. We'll go to Pensacola. I said, right on. And I was working two jobs and sleeping in my car. Going to college at time. So it was a perfect time for it. And coming to one of the last weekends I spent with those guys. In comes Z. Cormere and the blue angels. And he had a small smile on me. So I watched the blue angels fly. And there was a cutless David. Put on a, I can't read Billy Phillips. Whoops have me? obscene what Stanley Phillips is doing?�� What's this and Matthew Phillips set me up to make you going to adjective for something good tonight? That'sfor me, keep you up. Yes, we haveledge of truth. We haveledge of truth. His story that Beth choke said about Charlie and I did not obviously listen to him so that they're killer, remember so that he wouldn't take me Rat Moyni, knows to know who Grabbed the Rice? Cadet program, you know, and I got to tell you more about when we talk about the squadron. It was the first fighter squadron. Got it. With the five aces. The old guys from the second world war are getting out. Young guys like me were the future ones. Yeah, the other thing I always like to think about when we talk about, you know, the past wars. You getting into a jet. What kind of jet was it that the with young was going to be to. So you get into a TV too. This is like science fiction. I mean, the state of technology and you're whatever, 18 or 19 years old and you're going into the most modern high speed aircraft ever created. That's right. That's right. And there was a there weren't any passenger jets in those days. Probably a DCA tour being invented here in San Diego. And it was the first Jedi had ever been in. That was an e-ticket ride. First time. So I'm going to go back to the book here. You get down to Pensacola. And you say this. I Pensacola, we flew the S N J. Texan and the T 28. On my first morning there, our drill sergeant woke us up in the barracks with the rattle of his nightstick along the seal frames of our bonks, then double time to sound to an aging hanger beside the sea plane ramp. In the very same building where some of Naval aviation pioneers established our tradition to drill sergeant smoked us with 40 minutes of PT. Each morning started with the same ritual. We worked out in the hanger amongst the ghosts of those who had paved the way for us. Thanks to them, Naval aviation became the rebel branch of the service. We were always striving to develop new ideas, new technology, and new ways of fighting that would send the age of the battleship into history. From the battles of the coral sea and midway to the great Marianne's Turkey shoot, they transformed the US Navy into the most effective Naval fighting force on the planet. Everywhere we went in Pensacola, we felt that tradition and it was an honor to be invited to be a part of it. Would my generation contribute to perpetuate in the years ahead? One thing for sure, I was not going to be the one who washed out and went home to be just another college kid with ductal hair, working odd jobs to cover tuition. Where other cadets bought cars and spent time in town drinking a trader John's another local aviator watering holes I made a point of staying on base. My dad's ethic became mine and you talked a lot about your dad's work ethic in here. I studied in work hard. I was determined to be among the top cadets upon graduation who would be handed the keys to the latest and greatest fighter jets are country produced. After basic school of Pensacola, we required to take a cross country instrument flight to California, the final stage before we advanced to school in Beville, Texas. The fringe benefit of this last evolution was a chance to visit home. Now here's the caveat that I always need to make when I read these things. I'm just skipping giant parts of this book. The amount of detail, the stories that you're telling the characters that you're bringing out in this book throughout the book are just awesome. It's a historical gem just to be able to read it. But I'm not going to read the whole thing on the podcast and people need to buy the book if they want to get all that out of it. There's an audio book as well. Either way, you need to read the whole book in order to get this. But this, you felt that and I went to our officer candidate school down in Pensacola and they have the amazing naval aviation museum there, which is one of the best, I think it may be the best museum I've ever been to. I've heard the World War II museum in New Orleans is equally awesome, but I haven't been there yet. But you just felt that heritage as a guy going through OCS. You know, just to be selected for something like that, I've been done reasonably well in school academically and to be allowed to go down there. And you know, you guys are all pros at working out every day. They marine die, tallest and new discipline, every day in their whole hangar. He worked us and then we'd run. And then we'd go to the, what you call it, the course, you know, the obstacle course. obstacle course and all the things I've seen it in the SEAL video as a movies and it was a ton of life. But when you make a commitment to go and it didn't take long and Pensacola to find out how you got to go to the first team in the first team be a great fleet squad and a care. You got to have the great. So the motivation was there and it was fun. Now did everybody in your flight school want to be, want to get jets? Was it just 100% competition? Yeah. I had a roommate named Malklaid's, Marine, Marine pilot. I pinned his wings on, he pinned my wings on the daily finish and he was a great football player Orange County high school. And we went in together. We were roommates all the way through and he decides to go Marine Corps for the last minute. But we both found we're going to go and score well and we knew we'd get fleet squad. You know, a real piece of the history out of that into my logbooks. They hadn't seen anybody to a fleet squad or not of Beville in about a year. I got the first set of orders. It was worth it. I was just talking about from the book when you had to do a cross country instrument flight to California. This gave you a chance to go home and you mentioned this in the book. Mary Beth stood on the tarmac looking up at me with my parents at her side. She was a vision in an Angora sweater and below the knee skirt. And flat healed shoes and with her hair down she had a smile on her face. Maybe just a hint of awe as well. I could hope. I unstrapped and climbed out dressed in a khaki flight suit, a matching jacket and navy issued chuck of boots. I barely made it down the ladder when she wrapped her arms around me. In an instant, the year of separation seemed like an eye blink. I knew beyond a doubt this was the woman I wanted to marry. But you fast forward a little bit all too soon. The beautiful interlude ended. My instructor met me at Al Toro a few days after Christmas. I wore the ring on my right hand as I kissed Mary Beth goodbye on the ramp she had given you a ring. Soon I would be an officer in a gentleman. I'd ask her father for permission to propose. We'd start a life together in the navy. A final hug, no tears and I scrambled up the ladder and into the con cockpit. As Bill Pearson and I taxid out to run away, I saw her waving goodbye to her naval aviation cadet. When I landed at Beville, my first jet fighter waited me on the flight line. She was a grummin, pff, f-9 f- Panther, a well-traveled aircraft whose dark blue aluminum skin was dotted with patched over bullet holes. Like my instructor, she was a veteran of Korea, her paint dulled by years of service, either straight wing and sub-mock-one top speed the Panther had been relegated to state-side pastures where she helped train the next generation of naval aviation. Was Korea over at this point or was there a chance that you were still? No. So what year was this? Um, 1955 and 50, uh, 56. Okay. 56 so it would have been a B-ville. Fine. So Korea's well over at this point. But you still got these pilots, your instructors are straight up combat vets. Well, from Korea. And they were good. Very, very good. They were the best. This section that you talk about flight school and again, there's so much in this book to cover, you know, it was a challenge for me to figure out where I wanted to spend time. You talk about flight school. You have a great section in there about when you make mistakes and you have failures and what your attitude was and your attitude was, okay, I messed this up. What do I need to do to fix it? And you know, you had that attitude of taking ownership of things and then doing the hard work to get it done. I've heard your books and looked at some of your programs and when you play in the league as a possible naval avid or and you make a commitment to finish as a same as a program you guys went through. And I'm talking about the training, okay. And you're dealing human life each other's everyday fine. Failures unacceptable. You do. You make a mistake. And this mistake that's in the book, it may have to do with a very old, navigation system but we were required to be proficient at it. And I got confused in the weather one day and made a mistake went back and flew that check right again and out of 18 months of training. That's the only time that happened to me. But it was unacceptable to fail. Guys, that's what I'm telling you and I wanted, I wanted to be a naval avid so bad. So well, on March 1st, 1957, I got my wings. When my orders arrived, I tore open the envelope running through my worst case scenarios. The first of which was blimp's, yes, the 1950s Navy still flew airships. We called them poopy bags. Nobody wanted to go from flying panthers and t-birds to puttering around at 70 knots with a gigantic bag of gas over your head. No thank you. Then there was an ASW anti submarine warfare. This meant multi-engine flying and and in terminally long patrols over open ocean where everybody aboard tried not to fall asleep. I took a breath, looked down on my orders and read the official Verbiage Directing Me to report in 30 days to San Diego. I read it twice. Then a third time just to be sure I wasn't dreaming. I was going to a squadron known as VFAW III. V stood for heavier than air. No blimps for me. F stood for fighters. AW stood for all weather. I done it. I was going to be a jet fighter pilot. I was on the road to top gun. How many guys from your group ended up making it to jets to fighter jets? Two. I'll close when I. My rooming. Wow. He went to Makah. Oh, down in a flu FJ Fiery's at down on Miami Beach. Opa Laka was the name of that base, down in the Marine Bay. I went home to Merrimar in San Diego. The same state as my Murray-Beth, which was when I got to be honest among them was with part of my motivation. I wanted to be back. I miss her a lot. And suddenly in the middle of the book, there's 16 photos. Some of the airplanes that you described, Joko, and a couple great pictures of Beth and I. Yeah, particularly her. And what's nice is they put together the use-collar, full-collar photographs. Yeah. I can tell you, you had a lot more cloud rolling into your book publishing. You can look at the first edition of my first book has a bunch of crappy black and white photos on bad paper. Look at the full glossy scenario going on. Thanks to the first top-good movie. So we're going back to the book here. My first act as an ins and the US Navy was to buy a car. My gang of new officers at lunch for the first time at the officers club in Corpus Christi Texas decided, at least one of us needed to have a set of wheels. We rolled the dice to see you would go down to the dealership and I lost. I picked out a brand new 1957 Ford Fairlane, Raven Black with black and colonial white matching interior, sidewall straight out of American graffiti. I drove home from Texas to in my new ride, eager to see Mary Beth, make a men's and take her for a spin. I had 30 days of leave before I needed to report and I intended to use every minute of it counting my girl. But morning after I got home, I went to meet with Mary Beth. You didn't write, she said. I didn't get any letters for a while. I was about to explain when she said, Dan, I'm seeing someone. When you didn't write, well, he was persistent and I gave in. I didn't know what to say. He was a football player at college. They've been seeing each other for a few weeks. And you know, I talked about, well, you talk about it in the book when the training was really hard. Obviously, you had to prioritize what you were going to focus on. Even though you wrote Mary Beth every night, when the training got to a point where you had to focus more on the training, you didn't write for some time or sometimes you didn't write. And that was the little break in the opportunity for this football player. It was when I had the one navigation flight failure and it rocked my foundation. And I missed a couple weeks of writing to her otherwise for 18 months when written back and forth every day, except for that period of time. And a beautiful young girl going to college and she was pretty popular girl. Yeah, yeah. Damn football player. You're up against some tough competition. But you have to drive on. You go to North Island at North Island, the guard at the front gate gave me directions to VFAW III. The squadron's executive commander was a guy named Commander Eugene Valencia. Round face and solidly built with thinning hair, my new exo happened to be the third highest US Navy Ace of World War II, one of the great legends of our community. In one engagement over the Japanese home islands in 1945, he shot down six enemy planes. He finished the war with 23 flags on the side of his F6F Hellcat. The man introducing himself to me held the Navy Cross and six distinguished flying crosses. I was in awe. Yet Commander Valencia was anything but arrogant. He greeted me and set me at ease with his relaxed, honest, zooming nature. It was hard to believe that a man with so many accomplishments could be so grounded and approachable. It was exactly that. And did you know this going into the room? Oh no. I had. I had no background on the fighter squadron. He was one, the skipper, the squadron was Howard A. D. who flew and found the Japanese fleet to battle the midway. He was a commanding officer. And there were four other racers. The famous Texo Niel was in that fighter squadron. He talked about walking in the ready room and you knew you're pecking order. And these guys were bigger in life. What does it take to become an ace? You got to get five. You got to get five. I've made the number. And he became an ace and he shot down six planes. And one day. How long did it take you to start putting this together? I mean, these guys were in their dress uniforms. Are you looking at this guy's rack of ribbons? Seeing that he's a Navy Cross or something? You know, most of it. Most of it's done at the bar. And there's a bar in North Island called the Ibar, which the Saces, they control the place. And they had their own bartender. And once and a while you get invited to go with them. And a good, good, volentious story. I hit it off with the old man. I flew with him as I said, wasn't the best. But I got enough. I got enough for a really to pick up on his ammo. How he operated during combat. A lot of about tactics. He and Texan, the only guys. They were mentoring us. There were five incidents eventually in that year in that squatter. And we had all the 50, 60 airplanes I think. Four different kinds. All the flight time. David, do you ever, ever find yourself? We had all the flight time. He could physically and. I don't ever remember flying too much. Yeah. Well, just. And we, they all mentored us. I started. I went to first day of hook. First day of hook. Convention. And what I did with I carried this brief case full of scotch. And that's the instance mission. Yeah. The instance. And since all went down there with the lynch, Alex, for I shoot another living ace 25 victories. These guys are bigger in life, you know. And your teams have the same reputations. Yeah, when I checked into seal team one, the executive officer was a prime listed guy that was a Vietnam legend. There's a famous picture of the seals and Vietnam of this. The picture always says that dirty doesn't on it, even though there's more than 12 of them. But it says that dirty does and they're holding up a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, he's one of the guys in that picture. You know, he's the guy that he's one of the guys that the seal teams reputation is built upon. And I, I remember looking, you know, look, I, at that time, I didn't know the difference between a marksmanship ribbon and a metal of honor when you're looking at the uniform. And I'm, I just looked in, said that's a lot. These guys got a lot of decorations on his uniform. And we, you know, the ones that I did know the purple heart, this overstar, I'm looking at it going, okay, this, this, this is, this is a, this is everything you dream of, right? It's to be sitting across my table. I'm 19 years old. And this guy's telling me, welcome aboard seal team one. Oh, that's right. It doesn't get me better than that. And the little thing example of where they've been and what they've done. And they're willingness, like, philenchin at holes, five or six of the guys who had really done it all. They, they made no bones upon it. They were there to mentor us. They went home and night with their families and their grown kids and their glasses got and they let the fund us. I flew two to three times a day, just as much as I could stand. And that's what, when I showed you a log book today, yeah, that's pretty good for the final pilot at my age. And I ended up at first quarter, fifteen hundred hours a head of my contemporaries. Dave, how many hours did you fly at your first quadrant? I left my first quadrant after four years with twelve hundred hours. So the numbers you're talking about when I said I don't ever remember flying too much is because I didn't get to fly like that. That's impressive. So you did fourteen hundred hours after four years. Dan, you're saying you had fifteen hundred hours more than your contemporaries. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, I thoroughly liked it. Well, I was there. I got to fly the F6FL cat. Gino, they had a bunch of my repair facility in North Island. And Gino kept talking about the guns and how he worked everything in that airplane. That's where he got his victories. So he says, you want to fly it? So I picked a phone up and he called the chief over the Naval repair facility. And he says, I got six of my, I can't get anybody to fly him. So I'm going to over and I flew the F6FL cat. When you're transferring from one helicopter up from one aircraft to another aircraft, how hard is it to make those adaptations? It's easy. If you love it, Jacoits, easy. Later on, the book, I'm sure. We were up at Dreamland. Yeah. Area 51. And in 30 minutes, I came in and a transport didn't even know where I was. They took us in a hanger, an open hanger doors, because they didn't want the satellites to see what they had. And Guy walks in with me and says, come on, climb up. So I climbed a cockpit of a make. 30 minutes of the air, I was in the air and that same airplane. You know, it's like driving your Porsche. Right. Once you can handle a Porsche. Or my Dodge Caravan in my case, but it's all good. Anyhow, long wind day, answer, but no. It's easy. Once you're either a part of it and you can do it, new airplanes are exciting. You go on a little bit more about your checking in and you say this, the officer of the day said, why don't you go get your flight gear and put it in your new locker. He pointed out a bank of them in the main hanger. When I found my assigned locker, I opened it up to find it was full of somebody else's stuff. I think there's been a mistake I said. The officer of the day looked stricken. Sorry about that. We forgot to clear it out. Clear it out. That locker belonged to Lieutenant J.G. replacing. He was killed a little while back, accident. Go ahead and throw everything away. The rest of his effects already went to his family. I walked back to the locker and stared at the items inside with a new perspective. A radiolt-teacher to hung on one hook, a few other nickmacks and toiletries sat on the shelf. Then I noticed something unusual. A pair of eyes were staring back at me. I reached in and pulled off the top shelf at tiny stuffed mouse. It was about two inches tall with big eyes, soft gray fur and a tail. The toy seemed out of place in a fighter pilot's locker. Was it a gift to his child never delivered because of that last fatal flight? Was it a gift from his child to him? If it was a lucky talisman that served as a reminder of who waited for him back home, I hated to think it had failed him. Suddenly I didn't want to know. Talk about an attitude adjustment. My problem seemed trivial, selfish compared to the death of the mouse's owner. I trashed the shirt and toy the trees. As the mouse hovered over the can, I held it there and regarded it again. Who might have throw away another man's mouse? I took the little guy back to my flight bag and made him a nest deep inside. That mouse is part of the whole story. He lives right now on about the fourth bookshelf in our library at home. He's there. You continue on and this is what you were starting to talk about a little earlier. But in my squadron, the senior leadership came of age in World War 2 in Korean and the Korean War. They told us how during the Pacific War, they learned to avoid getting into a turning dogfight with more maneuverable Japanese fighters. Trying to turn with more agile Japanese planes would get your tail shot off. They took their shot and flew away. One pass, Hall-Ass was the Axium. They learned to work together in pairs, cooperating to make sure that an enemy couldn't latch onto a pilot's tail. The other American pilot was always ready to turn towards his partner and stick his guns in the enemy's face. My flight leader Bill Armstrong explained to me that in Korea, the opposite was the case. The tactics of World War 2 would get a pilot killed going up against a communist Meg 15. Those jets were faster and through higher than anything the Navy had, including the hot F-9F Panther-I had flown in training. Given the Meg speed and advantage, given the Meg speed advantage, the horizontal plane became the Panthers playground. It could outturn the Meg 15, so in just six years we changed tactics altogether. One pass Hall-Ass went away and US fighter pilots found their advantage in sharp turning dog fights. In the missile age, it was all changing again. At least that's what the Navy believed. We would simply be directed by ground control to a point in the sky, lock our little circle on the dot and let loose with a missile. No more, see to the pan's flying and maneuvering in sharply turning fights. Technology promised a revolution. During my time at FVA W3, the old ways were outlawed. Dog fighting officially known as Air Combat maneuvering or ACM was forbidden. In 1960, the year before I left for my next assignment, the Navy shuttered the last of the old schools that trained fighter pilots to dog fight, the Fleet Air Gunner Unit at El Central. From then on, Air Combat maneuvering was banned. If you were caught hassling, as we called dog fighting, your career could end. The edict against dog fighting divided our squadron into three factions. Our senior leadership whose experience ran countered at everything the Navy was doing now had fought two wars and had seen friends die. Having spent years away from their families on fleet deployments, they focused on being dads and husbands. At the end of their careers, they were content to mentor us nuggets on the ground, share experiences and teach us how to be leaders. They left the bulk of the flying to the younger guys. In the second camp, we're junior officers who bought into the new way. They never hassled, never pushed their sky rays to the edge of the flight envelope. The third group, a quiet group of young tigers, fought otherwise. I was one of them, and we decided to do something about it. A little division, little groups, little clicks of people. The older tired guys look, they're doing their jobs, but they're not too concerned. The guys that are listening to the way the Navy is saying it's going to be done and they're okay with that. And then you guys that wanted to scrap. It's a matter of your personal courage. That's in one of your books. The pen on how good you want to be in the airplane. A lot of guys were getting ready to go with the airlines, just booking flight time to go with the airlines. At this time, airline pilots made a ton of money, right? Then on fur bun, 10, 20 years. But I never, I never even considered that. And I couldn't give up going to 50,000 feet in six degree climb angle, right day. Dave, you didn't get tempted by Delta or American? I'm squarely in his cabin. So this is what happens. This next chapter is called Fight Club. You say here off the California coast about 80 miles west of San Diego, there's a sector of restricted airspace that encompasses saying Clemente Island. It's a military reservation. Air controllers call it Whiskey 291, the US Navy squadrons in Southern California, use it for training exercises. That was our playground. I first heard about West's, the West Coast elicit dog fighting scene one night after hours in San Diego bar. It might have been the hotel del Coronado or a Mexican restaurant where we knocked back to Kila. It was certainly not at the North Island officers club or in the ready room. There were too many ears that could make things difficult. We were free to fly almost anywhere we wanted. Our squadron had plenty of aircraft and our chain of command encouraged us to get stick time. Almost always we could find a valid reason to fly. Here's the thing, you learn by doing. Those of us who live to fly learned our craft by flying a lot. One Friday afternoon after a long week on standing alert, I went to the maintenance shop and signed out a Ford. I had heard that at the bar on Friday afternoons before cocktail hour was the best time to find our version of a street race. I took off from North Island and headed west for Whiskey 291. The unwritten rules in my mind, one of them established a hard deck at 5000 feet. This meant that the fight was over the moment you dip below that altitude. It was a nod to safety. If you ran into trouble and entered a spin, you needed that altitude to recover. By joining this fight club, we were keeping the flame alive for a certain way of being a fighter pilot. It was also serious. We were preserving our birthright as naval aviators. But first time I went out there south of Sanctuary, I was amazed at what I found. Marine A4 Skyhawks Air National Guard F86L interceptors Air Force F100 Super Sabers and lots of Navy guys flying F8 crew savers. There were even a few other forwards from North Island. The word had spread far beyond the Navy community and the services mixed it up with fierce relish because they all were going through the same institutional evolution away from air combat that we and naval aviation were experiencing. You this is classic. I learned the ropes that first time out. Pick your opponent, roll up alongside and give the signal. The signal being the bird. So you flip the guy off. That's how you kick this thing off. Let's say you're initiated. A smile in the wave and a 45 degree bank in opposite break in opposite directions. A break means we rolled the wings and turned one way. The guy to the left broke left 45 degrees left. The guy on the right broke 45 degrees right. We'd extend our way. We'd extend out away from each other for several seconds until we were a few miles distance. Then we began the fight. We turned into each other pushing fronals forward in what to the uninitiated look like an aerial game of chicken in Mach 1 fighters. We're pushing head to head or close to it. Two fighters inevitably passed each other close aboard. We called this the merge. Closing somewhere north of a combined thousand miles an hour meant the merge is over in mere three seconds. Before a collision we'd break away showing our first best move. That was when the hassle began. There was no script for what happened after the merge. We reacted to each other flying our aircraft as best we could. We learned that power is king. More gives you the ability to climb above a fight to re-enter it with even more energy and a diving attack. Power means you can push your bird in a tighter and tighter turn and maintain the air speed longer. When we had enough and were ready to admit defeat, maybe our opponent gained position at six o'clock and never let go. We waggle our wings, pulled up the long side our opponent and flew wing to wing. Sometimes we smiled unseen behind our oxygen masks and waved. Nice flight brother. Sometimes we just eyeball each other pissed off that somebody had gotten the better of us. Invariably out there there was someone a little better than I was but each time I went out, when or lose I improved. How fun was that? And I pay you to go to you know. And it sounds like at this time you had unlimited fuel unlimited. You do this as much as you possibly want. And maybe I bought some Douglas Skyrares Batwing airplane took the guns out which was a shame but getting ready for missile stuff. It wasn't a great carer plane because it allowed rules stability. It was pretty dangerous. Kill a lot of guys on the aircraft carer. They're in the initial phase of trials with the airplane. So they sent them all to be at the F.A.N.P. 3 and it would climb like nothing you ever seen. Just cram it and burn her and hang on. A stick with about six inches high just block her arm and break her gone 30 degrees. Go to 60 degrees and go to 50,000 feet. You know that's a neat ticket ride and anybody's book. Dave did you have any experience where you... And we're the Marine Corps didn't know what you were doing but you were out with a bunch of your friends and the Navy and the Air Force scrapping. And I don't know what the statue of limitations is on this and if you can still get trouble at this time. No I'm safe now. It's not like what you ain't just talking about. There isn't an illicit thing. What there would be is four guys in the squadron going on the road together. Everybody knew we were going. And we would do things very similar when we talked about is we would... We would do things that badly we weren't supposed to be doing. And we were doing another guy is now there was a degree of safety in the organizations that communities had come a long way because of what they learned. But man we would... I have done a lot of things in an airplane that if I had a came back and told my boss I did it. We would have a real problem. And more than anything it's the culture that that generation created. We were smart about safety we do a lot of things that to keep the airplanes in us safe. But man that spirit and that culture I'm just... I mean I'm grinning ear to ear listening to this because that's where this all came from was pushing against the organization. These are things we have to do and look... There's a lot of things I wouldn't tell anybody about. You know, while I was doing it looking back on and now it's actually kind of fun to think about it. Man we did some going on the road for ship out of Miramar. Man you had a license to steal. It was awesome. You know you mentioned this earlier which I read. We talked about the naval aviation being the rebel branch of the Navy. And you know that attitude right there. If you don't have that rebel attitude this these thoughts don't even enter your mind to push the envelope like this. You know you're dealing in human life. You all understand that fully I know when you're every day it's not just fun flying. It's serious business. It's perfect professional excellence. And you keep building it. You gotta remember we're talking about the fight club being illegal in the 58-59 and 60-61. And then for the next four years it was still semi-alegal. And then along came a four which we'll get to and then sure. And it became it was it was the menu of the day. Haslan was kind of wish everybody could ask. Again your butt kicked out. Turned Vietnam. And all the stuff we learned back in the 58-59-60 it was easy to sell it. Yeah you talk about here you say I learned the basics of air combat in those hassles never lose sight of your opponent. Lucite lose the fight. Never go vertical unless you can own it. Meaning you have to have enough pure engine power to blast guy or to leave your opponent unable to follow you and hammer you from behind. Turning fights are like back alley brawls. When similar aircraft engage like that the difference is pilot skill and aggressiveness. The winner usually is the one with the most guts to push his aircraft to its aerodynamic limit. In this way we preserved our perishable skills, our perishable skill sets and kept alive the fading art of the dogfight. The rest of the navy was letting it slip away in the early 1960s. I flew whenever I could. Holidays were a great time to hassle because the married guys were at home with their families and the pace of the activity on base relaxed. I was still trying to get over Mary Beth so I'd climb in a forward and go look for a good fight. This is also important. Fighting against different types of planes was useful. It taught me more than fighting against the same type of plane I was piloting. In years and later years at top gone we would call it dissimilar air combat training. But back in the late 1950s we didn't have a name for it. We just we just intuitively based on experience. Each fight with a different type of aircraft, each with its own advantages and weaknesses, taught us how to exploit our edge and minimize theirs. How did we learn? By losing. Failure is a teacher. Be honest with yourself, extract the lessons and you'll never make that error again. I spent many long flights back to North Island, repaying what I did wrong so that on my next bout in the inner service flight club I'd bring the heat and wind and wind. When we found a top gun this part of the experience in whiskey 2-9-1 became a very important component of our culture. That's what my point was. All of a sudden it wasn't illegal. It's we need something like this. Can you teach us how? And it worked. You end up going on deployment. I'm skipping ahead a little bit. The very first cruise game of front row seats to the US Navy Power Projection in action. Deployed to West Park, we guarded the sea lanes, trained off the coast of Japan and flew the flag at various ports of call. Our F3HDmen's intercepted Soviet bombers that periodically dropped down to snoop on us. We chased them as soon as our radar was caught them. When the TU-95 bears took their photos of us, we wanted a demon in the frame. We got our ability to destroy them at will, was a game we played with the Russians for the entire Cold War. More than once I watched a Russian gunner wave at me as I snapped pictures through the canopy. Such moments were rare in fleeting just too aircrew at the tip of the spear making momentary personal contact at altitude over the world's largest ocean. And they usually showed playboy magazine which was newer than we had on the curve. It was a game, you know, the news media now makes it sound so serious. It was a game. They just competitive, what could you do? One time I was out, pull up alongside a bear flying a later on flying a fan in my call time for my back seat or was a little hot. And he, I look in the mirror and we're sitting right next to this bear. And in the back seat it's a plastic pink rabbit. He's inflated rabbit. And the only thing to make or the only thing to bear guys can see in their alls in the back turret back there trying to look over and laughing because he's put a pink rabbit up. He's got a stick. A little humor. But it was, it was no work. Yeah, that's awesome. You never done anything like that in Marine Corps, did you? I was, I was lucky enough to intercept a bear on my first cruise. I have just a legendary shot of me in a hornet up against a bear. I got to intercept an Iranian. I think it was kind of their version of the C130 right on the line there in the Gulf pull up alongside. And re-living or living for the first time these stories I had heard about for literally decades, looking at the window of my fighter at a Iranian cargo plane flying, he's on his side of the line. On my side there's probably a hundred feet, 200 feet between us, waving maybe some other hand signals along the way. But those are things that those are pictures of him in your mind. You'll never forget those things. The first time I intercepted a bear on an alert seven launch off a carrier just sitting in the cockpit, launch off. I go 20, you know, 12 minutes later. I'm in parade off of a bear just thinking how many times has happened for me for anybody else before. It was a bear and say, love to come down and go fast and ride along the way. That could occur. They'll make a low pass on the carrier. So you got to be, you got to be in the picture. I got to let them know that you have been there the whole time. The only because of you are they getting to do that. So it's a cool history to say I got to do that. Speaking of always, oh, all business, we say here we broke out above the cloud layer at 15,000 feet and I'm fast-forwarding. No moon, no visible horizon. My demon suffered electrical failure and the lights went out in the cockpit. A wind powered auxiliary unit was supposed to deploy in such a situation but that failed as well. There I was surrounded by absolute darkness using a 90 degree angled flashlight to periodically check my instruments. I was flying that mission with our squadron executive officer Lieutenant Commander Joe Paulk who realized my predicament and came to my rescue. Joe sent a signal to me with his flashlight, followed me and pointed to the handcocks latest position. It was an eerie sensation flying on his wing in the dark on route to the handcocks waiting deck. I forced myself to keep my wings level relative to his wing and belly navigation lights. I used small precise control inputs made easier by Joe's smooth flying. We broke out of the cloud layer about a mile and a half a stern of the ship. We could see the white strobes back in us. I continued flying Joe's wing until his lights went out and he turned away to give me a clear shot at the deck. The electrical failure had knocked out my radio which meant I could not talk to the landing signal officer. All I could do was watch his lights. A green one meant keep coming flashing reds would be the dreaded wave off, go around and try again. I didn't have enough fuel for that. So if I missed, I'd have to eject, trusting that someone would find me in the stormy sea. I made it down and felt the tail hook catch one of the deck wires. The demon lurched to a hole. A close call for sure but it was nover. The next night while flying the same demon, the same thing happened again. I was on Joe's wing and he brought me back to the handcocks for an encore performance. I landed safely after another gut check approach. Perhaps we joked about him saving me twice. The interracing point on an end, Joe. You mean beyond the fastest landing at the weekend? Yeah, you're reading a lot of the book. And the next paragraph says, can't figure out two nights in a row and happened to me. And they are playing flu during the daylight hours successfully with no electrical failure in between that do event. I started to get spooked a little bit. What somebody said me a message. Yeah, and the reason I brought that or the reason I wanted to read that is, look, it's peace time, it doesn't matter. When you're flying and landing on an aircraft carrier and the weather and mechanical failures, I used to say this about I would tell the young seals when you go out and do water operations, everything you do is a real world mission. Is that the ocean can kill you if you make a mistake, you die. And I used to say that pre-war, you know, in the 90s when I would try to be get guys to make sure they're taking stuff seriously and not gaffing off procedures. And it's the same thing here. I mean, I can't just this idea. And I'm pretty sure I know the angled flashlight that you're talking about is probably the same, yeah, that piece of crap. You're lucky. That thing didn't fail. Green one. Yeah. Yeah. And then the other thought that thing I thought was awesome about this was Joe knowing. All right, I'm going to guide him right in and then I'm going to black myself out. I'm going to get out of his way and it's on you. You just, you guys can't even talk, but you know what to do. He knows what to do. The guy that's landing, you know what to do. That's awesome. That's the naval aviation training. There it is. Right, Nate. Hey, man. Go on here, you say Mary Beth had gotten married to her football player. I never tried to win her back. And that was on the, you talk about this is on the advice of your mom. He said, don't, no, you let her go. Her marriage was the final nail in the coffin of my wishful thinking. I had let her go. Eventually I met a wonderful girl. A wonderful young woman in Coronado, Maddie, and married her 1959 a year later, our daughter Dana arrived. My wife and I began a 17 year journey in Navy life with far too much of it spent to park. Flying as a dangerous game of risk and reward. Push too far and you pay the price. Before I joined the black lines, I only had to look out for myself and my squadron mates. Different game now. I live for two others who depend on me becoming a family man, coincided with my first fleet assignment on board the handcock. My 1962 deployment lasted from February to November. We got back to the West Coast and started training for the next one, running simulated intercepts in our demons three or four nights a week on that schedule. Even when we were home, we were really not home. Our 1963 deployment began in the spring and being home after being home for less than six months. Hugs, good buys, tears on cheeks, Dana's little hand pressed into mine. Then back to the ship to manage a long distance relationship through handwritten letters, voice messages on cassette tapes and an occasional phone call. The second parting for my family was worse than the first. I didn't want to be a stranger to my own daughter but what choice did I have? The Navy wanted me to go. The Navy needed me to go to the other side of the Pacific. It was my sworn duty to go. After ten years flying fighters, now you're on deployment. After ten years of, and I'm fast-forwarding. After ten years of flying fighters, I felt ready and confident. I'd ace the F4 training at VF-121, the West Coast Replacement Air Group Rag for the Phantom community. The squadron prepared all new F4 crews for their Vietnam deployments. We flew constantly training hard at our beyond visual range missile intercepts. We even got to shoot at a drone with a sparrow, one of the only times I'd actually fired one of these high tech weapons. So you guys get the F4 fan of now. I think that's my favorite American aircraft. I don't know. I'm actually sure it is my favorite American aircraft. I guess the second maybe the Coursaire, the World War II Coursaire. Obviously, but then you got the P-5. Okay. We'll go down that. But you're flying the F4 fan of. And that's once again, this is the space craft on bus. That's beautiful. That's the bird that they have at Pensacola. Did you go to Pensacola Dave? I did. Yeah. That's the bird that they have in the like the premier spot at Pensacola, the big giant one sitting where you marched by every day. So that's what you're flying. And now you're on deployment. You go to Pearl Harbor for a little while after a few days in Pearl, we were on a way west to Sassabo, Japan, our rival was met by massive protests, student and radicals opposed to the Vietnam War. When the carrier or a scony, how you say that? A risk in me. When the carrier or a risk in me called it Sassabo, around the same time we did, we learned that its air wing had lost half its aircraft over North Vietnam. It suffered a third of its air crews either killed, wounded, or missing in action. Their casualty list eventually included Lieutenant J.G. John McCain, future senator from Arizona who is captured in October 1967. Only a few weeks before our ships crossed paths, one of the F8 pilots, Lieutenant Commander Dick Sheifert, fought an epic duel against six North Vietnamese megs, 17s and meg 21s. It had been escorting an A4 Skyhawk strike when they were attacked, Sheifert fired all three of his side-winder missiles, but each malfunctioned or missed. When he switched to his 20-millimeter cannon, the hijie maneuvering jammed the pneumatic feed system, leaving him defenseless. Nevertheless, he stalemated the migs with an exceptional display of flying before slipping away on the dregs of his remaining fuel. The fighters showed up a moment later and downed one of the migs, they fired seven missiles in that fight, only one hit. So this is where, and you're going to, the history in this is awesome, talking about the weapon systems, talking about the failures you're talking about. It's not only the pilots, not getting trained the way they should be, but the weapon systems aren't doing what they're supposed to be doing. This idea of intercept fighting was, hey, we're going to stay 12 miles away. I lock on my missile system, I shoot it, and then I run away, and the missile does the job. That was what the plan was from the Pentagon, and from the brass. That's, you know, industry designs on the NA Billum, and we fly in what we're given. And each subject you've read about here is leading up to why top-cun was formed. In other words, the missiles never worked. They're big, they're expensive. How you handle them on the aircraft carriers, another problem. They're all problems. You know, somebody paid for them, they were paid for them, they sent them a fleet, and they don't work. But in peace time, you never use them in anger, so you don't know that. The Phantom was designed one way, Mac Billed a beautiful airplane, but it was designed as an interceptor. We had never had it in combat. And all these situations you're talking about lead to top-cun failure make it better right now. The time frame they gave us was two months, but the graduate school together, we've been doing this for five years of war in the name working. So you could even be a couple months, put a graduate school. Initially, though the original nine guys or eight guys who were with me, we were trying to figure out whether we were getting sandbagged, you know, whether somebody was setting us up, you believe it on young guys, they couldn't cut it. Well, we didn't turn out quite that way. So anyhow, all I want to make point is a lot of what you're reading is how and why and top-cun ended up and the more about there. Yeah, I know it's the way you lay the pieces out of how it comes to fruition is history. I don't think a lot of people know about it. No, they only know about the movie, top-cun original movie. There's a little situation, a little scenario that unfolds in Korea. There's a little problem and you end up having to go up there and you arrive on stage, you're going back to the book, we arrive on stage to face terrible winter weather. We sailed through blizzard and snow squalls that left us unable to see the end of the flight deck from the ship's island. The flight deck turned out to be covered in ice. The crew had to assist us to our F4 fanom so we didn't slip and fall. Once in the cockpit, we were towed to the catapult so we didn't slide around on the ice. A night cat shot is always an experience. Add snow flaries and heavy seas and you've got a real adventure. We climbed it once you launched it. We climbed above 20,000 feet but never broke free in the storm. It was so thick that Skank and I couldn't even see each other. My back seat or dentist stuffy tracked him on radar and we followed a few miles behind. Snow and ice last our fanom's. The wind screen was a kaleidoscope of snowflakes. It was like flying through a snow globe. The enterprise finally vectored us to a holding pattern before we returned to the ship. As our approach time grew near, I thought it strange that they never gave us a weather report. We started our dissense individually through the heart of the blizzard. Visibility was almost nil. Skank went into land first guided by radar from the ship. He saw nothing on that first approach. He saw nothing on that first approach. No lights, no carrier, just blizzard and blackness. This landing signal officer said, you sounded good when you went by us. When he finally landed Skank and the landing signal officer talked to me as I swung around the ship again. Stay low, follow the ship's wake. I got down close to the water as I dared 40 feet. Maybe the flight deck is set to at 65 feet off the swells. A red light began flashing in my cockpit. Low fuel. This was it. Either land or eject into the frigid seas and see how good our survival suits really were. Our life expectancy in the freezing water was five minutes. No thanks. In the darkness I found the carriers white-wake and followed it until I spotted the drop lights on the ship's stern ahead. They were above me. The landing signal officer told me to climb. I pulled the nose up as the fanom's nose top the ramp. I pushed the stick forward and an instant later pulled back up. This was an old trick. A World War II ace named Zika Kormier taught me. It saved my mind and Dennis' life that night. The fanom touched the deck. The tail hook caught an arresting wire and we jerk to his stop. As we waited for the deck crew to clear us my knees trembled and my feet shook on the brake pedals. Of all the flying I'd done to this date this was the most demanding. Why somebody in Washington wanted us in the air that night is anyone's guess. I can't think of what we accomplished in our 90-minute story. Other then perhaps impress the North Korean radar operators who undoubtedly tracked our progress through the weather. We had wrist our lives for nothing. Who were these politicians to play games with our lives? That sort of mandated operation happens far too frequently. Even today they never been there. They couldn't do it. They've got the power. That's a problem. I have emotionally I've tried to think about a book of how to, how to the military historically has always been subservient to the politicians in Washington. If you look at the entire Vietnam situation, LBJ and Mac Tamara and the way they dictated what we did every day. I would never, ever, ever convinced me that what they were doing was the end result was to win. We went along the win. I kind of breeze through the section in the opening of this when you're talking about the fact that you guys are hitting targets that you're getting from the White House, from the Pentagon. That's who's doing your target selection. Totally crazy. And they're coming from Magnum or his office. We'd find out, they'd come in on a wire about midnight. The ships would put out an airplane for the next day. But the targets were being dictated from Washington. And even since then, they come out that there's been testimony that that same target list was sent to the Swiss embassy. And the Swiss embassy had related to the North Vietnamese. The logic in DC was if they know where we're coming, we won't kill so much collateral damage. And this is a pretty good case that that actually happened. Imagine risking your life every day. By the way, the North Vietnamese, they don't care about civilians getting killed. They care about their mix. Well, that's what they care about. That's right. And they actually want civilians to get killed because then they can use that as propaganda against America. We could never, Chaco, we could never understand how they're going to be. The next day we'd go into the targets and they'd have moved the mobile same sites and AAA that were all on wheels. And they moved them into the targets that we were going to hit. And that's why I think you'll hear from most of the veterans of flu out there. It's probably that tough as air defenses, some in there ever gone against. You know, you go into it a little bit here. I got to read this part. It says, conceived in Washington by Secretary Defense Robert McNamara and approved by President Johnson, our bombing campaign was meant not to destroy the enemy's ability to wage war. It wasn't designed to demolish their air defense network so we could operate over North Vietnam, nom with impunity. It had nothing to do with tangible results or victory. It had everything to do with sending gradual messages to Hanoi. Where I'd expected to be the tip of the spear, we were instead the thumb and forefinger of Lyndon Johnson's gradual escalation of pressure on the North Vietnamese. We weren't allowed to apply pressure anywhere that it might hurt. We were only allowed just to pinch their metaphorical shoulder as a warning that if they didn't behave, we would pinch harder. What rolling thunder campaign was, the rolling thunder campaign was LBJ's personal Billy Club. He would send us to smack the North Vietnamese for sending supplies and troops to the insurgents, then order unilateral stand-downs known as bombing pauses to give the North Vietnamese time to internalize the punishment and heed its lesson. But the pauses just gave them time to rearm. The American response seemed only to emboldened Hanoi and convinced its leadership that we were more worried about the widening war and possibly fighting China or the Soviet Union than we were about defeating them. They used the bombing pauses to resupply and prepare for the next onslaught. A lot of Americans died as a result. Some were friends of mine. On Yankee Station, the Enterprise Air Wing learned that this, what this meant to individual air crews, Johnson McNamara, micro-managed the losing air war from Washington DC, going so far as to pick our targets. They were perhaps 150 worthwhile things to bomb a North Vietnam. Air fields, military bases, supply facilities, power plants, bridges, rail centers, oil, lubricant facilities, a few steel mills, and of course, high-fong's port facilities. Am I saying that right? High-fong? As both China and Russia wanted to be Hanoi's primary alley, they each tried to one up each other with military support. Large convoys of weapons and warm material flowed across the Chinese border to Vietnam. While the Russians have evolved tanks and surfaced to air missiles, systems via ships into the high-fong harbor, the enemy, thus had sanctuary to bring in what ever was needed for years. Afraid of escalating the war, the Johnson administration refused to sanction attacks on high-fong harbor or the shipping there. As we started to fly missions up North, up North, we would pass those cargo ships as they waited their turn to off-load at the docks. We could see their decks crammed with weatherized migs and surfaced to air missiles that would be shortly used against us, but we couldn't hit them. We couldn't mind the harbor either. What a tragedy. The simple execution of an off-the-shelf aerial mining plan long before perfected during World War II and carried out in three days could have shut down that big port. The only one of its kind in North Vietnam, but the word from the White House was no. Those big surface-to-air missiles as large as telephone poles would spear up into the sky after our airport, homing on their radar signatures. They took a heavy toll. We could sell them bomb the missile sites for fear we might kill their Russian advisors. When the North Vietnamese began flying Russian and Chinese-built make fighters, the Navy and Air Force asked Washington for permission to bomb their airfields, the request was denied. Categories of targets that could not be struck under any circumstances included dams, hydroelectric plants, fishing boats, sand pans, and houseboats. They also included significantly populated areas. After seeing the military value of these restrictions and North Vietnamese, placed most of their Sam support facilities and other valuable cargo near Hanoi and high-fong places where we were forbidden to strike. The airfields around Hanoi became sanctuaries for mix. The commander in chief of the US Pacific Command, Admiral Ulysses S. Grant Sharp, who had overall responsibility for the air war, urged the joint chiefs to have to lift the crippling restrictions. Meanwhile, the enemy fighter pilots could sit on their runways in their planes without fear of attack, waiting to scramble when our bombers showed up. Eventually Johnson and McNamara cave to the pressure and allowed strikes on the airfields yet they might be mismatched even this, picking specific airfields and leaving others out of bounds. It was always necessary to virtually beg target authorization out of Washington, bit by peace Admiral Sharp wrote, instead of letting the navy launch a blitz that might break the bath back of the North Vietnamese air force, we hate a few air bases at a time while leaving the rest unscathed. I got to read this too. It was a setup for failure, you say. And it got a lot worse. Those rules of engagement negated the way we had trained to fight in the air. The value of RF4 phantoms was their ability to destroy airplanes and enemy planes from beyond visual range. The aim seven sparrow was the ultimate expression of that new way of fighting. Track and lock with the radar system loose the missile from 10 miles out and say goodbye to the make. This is how the navy trained us to fight. We abandoned dogfight training because of the navy's faith in missile technology. Most of our air crews didn't know most of our air crews didn't know how to fight any other way. We had our own rules of engagement kept us from using what we were talking. The rules of engagement specifically prohibited firing from beyond visual range. To shoot a missile at an aircraft a fighter pilot needed to first visually confirm it was a mig and not a friendly plane. The thought of an inadvertent or accidental shoot down of our brothers was of course intolerable. It did happen sadly in the heat of combat. Yet three years along the training squadron in California was still teaching long range to intercept tactics to the exclusion of everything else. Our training was not applicable to the air war in Vietnam. This played directly into the kind of the fight that make pilots wanted. The make 17 was a nimble fighter armed with cannons but no missiles. It was an old school derived from the Soviet lessons learned in the Korean war with such a plane the North Vietnamese needed to get in close and track our planes with their gun sites. They would sometimes wait to open fire until they were within 600 feet. Here we were trained in knock planes down at 10 miles. The F4 carried only missiles. It did not have an internal gun because contractors in the Pentagon believe the age of the dark fight was over. We brought our expensive high tech into this knife fight in a phone booth. The result, the make pilots scored a lot more heavily than they should have. The good read and again, I'm even when I'm reading chunks like that. I'm skipping over sections, you know, just to the history and you know, from a leadership perspective, this is a nightmare. It's a nightmare that there's no connection from the people that are making decisions to the folks that are on the frontline fighting. They're not listening to the feedback. It's a disaster. Their motives or their motives are different. You know, I really had thought about a book. I'm not good enough to write it. I don't think. But you've got the industry building weapons. Whatever they are, airplanes, park, and rules systems, everything. The industry is building them. What's their motive, profit? Then the American weapons, okay, I'll give them that. But mainly profit motive, then you can keep coming down the politicians. We know what their motives are like. And you come down to the poor guy who's flying in the machine. If it doesn't do the job that's required in the operational scenario you're involved in, you can lose. And losing is second best in tactics. Yeah, losing is dying. That's right. Exactly. You know, the other thing, and I go after Robert McNamara a lot, you say this. Robert McNamara is a numbers guy. And this is the thing, there's secondary effects. There's tertiary effects that happen when people are motivated by certain certain metrics. So here's what happens. Robert McNamara was a numbers guy. Under him, the Pentagon measured success in the ground war by the body count. Can you believe that? In the air, the air, the metric was the number of sorties flown over North Vietnam. One sortie equals one plane flying one mission. A ten plane raid resulted in ten sorties. This became a delusional world. A sortie counted in the total. Even if our bombers were forced to dump their payloads short of the target, which often happened when Meg's appeared, facing pressure to generate sorties, the carriers were worn and ragged. Aircraft handling crews worked 12 hours on 12 hours off, spotting and respawning the decks, launching strikes, recovering aircraft, arming and refueling the birds, racing to meet the sortie rate required of them. Such pilot flew twice a day with each mission taking several hours to brief and debrief. We flew to the edge of fatigue and beyond aviators who were shot down and recovered were back in action in a few short days. While the tempo took a heavy toll, it also led to the needless tragedies, including major fires aboard our carriers, the results of exhaustive crews making mistakes, scores of sailors and aviators died in those accidents and the fires on two carriers were serious enough to risk the loss of the ship. We were losing good men needlessly in the push to maintain the sortie rate. Why competition between services? With the Air Force and Navy battling fiercely for appropriations, both were determined to outdo the sorties the other flew. To put in perspective for your audience, I want to tell you a story. The skank that's in there in the story was up during the rescue of the Pueblo and skank Rimsson was a squirting commander. It's a front row guy never took a mission that he wouldn't lead and if they were tough, he was always there. That's why we were out together on that particular word back down in Vietnam during that same cruise. I wasn't with him this day, but this tells you the quality of the guy in the naval aviation. He's in over the beach in North Vietnam and he's a low-alditude and a rifle shot goes through the cockpit. He gets a flashy part of his legs. Both legs went through, come out the other side, lost in the console on the left side. He shot up in two legs. He retits down, pulls the garter's up, the garter's hold for the ejection seat, their straps that go around your calves. He brings him up, he turns his legs above his wounds, flies 140 miles back to the enterprise and lands aboard. This is T.S. Bremson, skank Rimsson, the squirting commander. He lands aboard the medic skitty moth at cockpit taking down the dock sewing up. Two weeks later, Jaco, he was back in combat flying with his squirting. He refused to be met with him and there are plenty of mothers like him. I know in your world, both of you, that you come out of there upon the guys like that, a great Americans, but they are poorly officiated up above them in many instances. When you get into, when you hit the part about how top-gone was put together, we were exposed to guys like this. We knew what the answers needed to be, some moment to it, it really knew. That's when I came from Genova, Lecha, Alex Varaeshu, Texanel, Skank Rimsson, Mentoring. We knew what the gun dancers were and they sure weren't sitting in the earring in a pentagon or in Congress. In this section here, you kind of detail the chapter title is Yankee Station Education. And it gives a good overview and again, I'm jumping ahead of some of the information you cover, but you say, day after day, we flew missions from Yankee Station to Hammer targets of questionable value. We bomb truck convoyes when we could find them on search and destroy mission. They move mostly at night and total darkness. We bomb supply, depose, and occasionally, when after power plants, as well as military barracks, long flattened by the squadron to have deployed before us. We went after bridges and sam sites. Very occasionally, we received permission from Washington to hit mega airfields around Hanoi. The F4 was designed from the ground up to be a mock-plus interceptor. It was supposed to be the bane of all Soviet built strategic bombers. Over Vietnam, the phantom became perhaps the most versatile multi-role aircraft America has ever produced. Still with its interceptor heart, it functioned as an escort fighter, utility strike bomber and south of the D. Militarizone, a close air-support aircraft. We were doing it all, learning on the job how to best carry out our missions. They were never the same. But the two days, over the north, usually one at night, left us worn out. The lack of quality sleep could also put our nerves on edge at time. We grew easily frustrated. Some people started to withdraw into the pressure. The exhaustion, the grief over losing so many friends. This didn't happen in my squadron. Skank and the other senior pilots set the example by flying almost all the difficult missions with the junior crews while never griping about the targets or the rules of engagement. They were great pilots as well as tremendous inspirations to all of us. Skank kept us focused and working as a team, taking care of each of us as we flew daily into harm's way. In our earwing, all the squadrons were led by example. It wasn't always that way as some other outfits experienced. We were losing guys to Sam's, Flaq, and even Migs, whose pilots well directed by radar, would launch slashing attacks into our formations. At the end of January, the North Vietnamese Army launched a major attack against a series of special forces outposts and the marine fire base at K-Song, which sat up on top of a flat top tail with all sides exposed. We launched late that afternoon and flew 200 miles to our marshalling station above K-Song. With the battle filling the surrounding valleys with gray box smoke, we had only glimpses of what was happening below. The airfield was a scene of carnage. Burnt out aircraft laid pushed to a side of the runway, victims of mortar broads. The base itself looked like a lunar landscape, with thousands of shell creators overlapping in the reddish, soft soil. I checked in with the marine forward air controller, whose job it was to guide us on the target. He was down there right amongst those young American kids and during the artillery broads is a night assault alongside them. With his radios and expertise, he was their fist of God. He was probably a marine aviator as well, so he spoke our language and understood our perspective. The forward air controller heard my check in radio call and responded immediately. The situation sounded dire from his description. North Vietnamese troops were massing just beyond the wire for another night assault, and he wanted me to hit thing with everything under my wings before darkness gave them the opportunity to attack again. The late day offered a rare cloudless sky, the blue stretching above me contrasted with the ugly coils of smoke and flame filling the valley under my phantoms nose. After receiving my instructions, I started down to begin my run. Keep your speed up, 500 knots, 400 feet, they'll be shooting at you. Called the forward air controller. Drop all your snakes on my signal. Remember, there are marines on the wire, just off your left wing. I leveled off at 400 feet, going 500 knots. The phantom spread through the clouds of smoke, from the hills to a right small arms fire erupted in my back cedar, Dennis Duffy and I could see the muzzle flashes. Moments later, red orange tracers lace the sky ahead of us and level with us. With my high speed, I wasn't so concerned with taking hints from the North Vietnamese troops on the right of us whose tracers were horizontal, but I was terrified of blowing the run and dropping my snakes on the marines near the wire by accident. Or an inexperienced navy pilot did just that by accident and wounded some of our men. The idea of killing Americans with a misplaced bomb, well, I knew I would never get over that if it happened. I listened carefully to every word that forward air controller said. If I wasn't exactly level, the bombs might fall right or left of the target area depending on where my wings were to the horizon. Holding steady while every bad guy with an AK-47 seemed to be shooting at me was no easy feet. Back it was the toughest flying I'd ever done. I checked my heading, wings level, a second later the forward air controller called drop, drop, drop. I pickled the Marquee de Tues, the F4 lurched upward as 6,000 pounds of bombs came off our hard points and began falling toward the ground. Simultaneously I pushed the throttle further and lit the burner. The fanom's twin J79 engines responded and we pulled with 5G's back to where we belonged far above the fray. Duff my back's seat or said, let's all ask Kim Osabe as we climbed my throat constricted, heart filled with dread while we waited to hear from the forward air controller. Toughest part of the mission is waiting for the results from the big, grunt FAC. Oh shit, did I just kill a bunch of Marines? No word from the air controller. The ultimate or need or kneel spun as we seared through 3000 feet. The seconds ticked off. No word behind me Dennis was twisted in his ejection seat trying to see where our bombs landed. Oh shit, the radio filled with static. Then the forward air controller's voice shouted, great run, great run, right on target. The Marines held and as a joint army navy, as a joint army marine and south Vietnamese rescue force battled up its way, its way up highway 9 to break the siege. The Enterprise Air Wing returned to its regularly scheduled programming over North Vietnam. We flew that day and night. We flew day and night in any kind of weather. We flew alpha strikes which were large on wheeled the raids of 30 or more planes. We have force provided escort against the mid threat or went to suppress air defenses while a 4 skyhawk attack planes struck targets. We flew 2 and 4 plane armed recumissions searching for anything worthwhile, Washington allowed us to bomb. There's not a person that knows anything about the military that hasn't heard about the case on the siege at case on. Wow, that's a crazy story from your perspective hearing it from your end. Well, it was so desperate. The siege was so bad by that time. They actually brought us in. The Marines at two lines and they were flying closer or sub-ort two. We didn't do that much of it navy guys. But it was, I had seen pictures of it. Recky pictures and so forth, reconnaissance. But to see it up close and then hear some guys down there on the wire with the guys who it endured a night in a major night at Vance by the North Vietnamese couple days before. I mean, this is serious business. Dave, you got to experience that. How good does it feel when you're on the ground and you're talking to somebody and you know you know what to say, you speak their language and then when you're in the air and you hear that person's voice and you're all right, I got you. I mean, listen to this is just, I mean, I'm kind of choked up just hearing you tell the story. I was, I was so lucky in my career to spend so much great time flying but that I got to live with Jocco's guys for about six months to run in the other side and I remember being told that we would, that type one cast was dead. I remember being told you'll never do it. And so even some of the same institutional things you dealt with and to be down there talking on my old squadron mates, doing type one gun runs in situations that I never thought I'd be and but how good it felt to do something to be honest, we didn't really want to be doing but to be down there and have guys that I knew from my old squadron is coming in doing gun runs and when those missions were over to go back and think man, like you said, I mean, the serious business, the fact that the Marine Corps let me do that, there was a lot of me that didn't really want to but that was the most powerful thing ever did in my 23-year career was use aircraft as fact to keep soldiers Marines and seals alive which to this day. How long were you on the ground or I didn't, I was a fact for one year I did seven months in Ramadi about six of it was what Jocco's team. Hey, listen, yeah, don't take for one second that I want you to think that what that story just told was my life, please don't and don't think that anything we did was remotely comparable to you, you know, what the guys on case on and what the guys in Vietnam, you know, we, we, you know, just not comparable. It's just not comparable. It's not a day even I and the rest of the guys in echelon front spend a lot of time talking about the fact that our combat experience is it's a real stretch to use the word combat experience when you compare it to a lot of the guys I've had on this podcast and a lot of, you know, and obviously hundreds of thousands of of service men and women that have done things infinitely, harder and more dangerous and with what much more sacrifice than anything that we did and that's why we just try and, you know, capture some of the lessons. I understand, but I also believe the most humble, most humble whether you're flying, whether you're a seal or a grunt and a core that most humble are usually the best warriors. I'm really find that in naval aviation, you know, rempton never would ever. You never even in the bar at night you'd never, you rempton tell that story upon himself. They're humble guys, but they're great Americans. Indeed, and that's the same way, you know, you get down, you listen and I look at a lot of your podcasts, a single event in your life, your jacco or your David, a single event can get you killed. Every event that you were involved in in your time and the service is important. You made it through that single event and you go on to the next one and that's why, well, I would get into it, but that's how the brotherhood, you know, why we top gun guys all call each other bro. There were original nine bros, we're coming to that. But rather that grew 600 bros. He's one of them and that's because they deal in each other's life day after day after year after year, if they're good. Yeah, now you've heard my lecture. Well, that was, you know, and I just kind of rattled off all the different types of missions that you guys were doing and I'm going to fast forward a little bit here. It says the missions continued as did the losses. There were nights, I got back to my bunk struggling with despair, seeing friends die as never an easy thing. At times you think you grow hard to it. Other times their deaths open wounds that the heart simply cannot heal. On those nights, I would crawl under the covers and lay there, unable to sleep despite my exhaustion, mind racing. Could we have done anything different? Could you have gotten out and we just didn't see the shoot? Fortunately none of them were from my squadron. I tried not to think about their families back home, but the faces of wives and kids would sometimes allude those efforts and they would come back to me in a rush. I found through my Navy career that some men revel in the challenge and rush of combat. That pace of off the Vietnam, it was their hunting ground. Me, I never got to that point. Combat was a responsibility, even a sacred duty. I took it very seriously, of course, but I never liked it. Those men I would never see again. Those families I would see too soon again. They were the cost of all that adrenaline rush. Others craved. That was a burden I couldn't carry and love at the same time. The enemy always had a say. And that was the wild card in combat. You could do everything right. Your division could do everything right. Your chain of command could make every decision and lead from the front like Skank did. Yet we faced cunning, devoted, and frankly courageous enemy who found ways to surprise us with new tricks. On those sleepless nights, my brain refusing to shut off. I would think of those empty wardrobe chairs. We lost some excellent pilots. All the talent in the world was not enough when fate called your number. You close this section out saying, in those sleepless nights, which most of us out on Yaki station had, we did our best not to think of home. You could make you cautious hesitant in the air, get you killed. If you were wrought wise, you never looked past the next dawn. Some combat vets would tell the new guys, assume you're never coming back, truly believe it, and you will make it home. It was a psychological paradox of battle. Yeah, there's a weird challenge. For a grunt, you're there. You're sleeping in the dirt, you're in danger. You get a use to it, you get numb to it, it's the reality. For you guys to be back safe on an aircraft carrier and then load into your aircraft and launch, that's a different cycle. And frankly, thinking about the guys that you lose, you have less time to do that on the ground. You're actively engaged. Even when we come back to base, we're planning for the next mission, and you know you're going out. But for you guys, like, you know, even if you do two missions, even if it takes you 12 hours, you got 12 more hours in that day, you got to deal with. And that's a different, it's a different psychological challenge, I think. And the way you described it, it sounded like a different psychological challenge. And I will say, for me, the hardest part of doing a mission is waiting to go. That's the only time where I'd be like, all right, what, you know, that's one of my mind would start to race of did I think of everything? What go wrong? That's once you're on the mission, you're in the zone, you know, you're, I'm not, I'm not thinking about anything but getting the job done. But the hours before, four hours before, and you guys were in the perpetual cycle of waiting to go and not knowing if it was going to be your time or not. Well, that's the profession and evaluation. Nightcare landings always are exciting. And you had an opportunity to get a big, but it didn't work out, what happened with that one? Um, Remson and I and two other guys were vectored in hot ready to shoot and a follow my leader at 12 miles, we're all locked up, a good, ready light or need fire. And it was very rare that we didn't, we weren't bound by the rules of engagement. We were cleared to fire 12 miles, Remson decides, we're going to sweeten the pot. So we go to 10 miles, eight miles, and about 10 miles, we're going pretty fast, you know what I mean? We get the call of salvo, salvo, salvo, salvo, from a red ground, which was the offshore air controller and salvo means get out of there and they don't specify why. So Remson, we cross, turned it, turned away and let these make 21s, which were coming down the pipe at us. We had to, we had to not fire. Now, two things could have happened. They could have been, friend, at least, red crowns made mistakes on occasion. It's radar interpretation, some distance. So that was immediate reaction. And then we hear, I was to God to hurt it. The thunder go over the top, there's a rolling thunder going over the top. And the long beach had fired Taylor's missiles and it shot him right over the top of us. You talk about being angry. We got back to the boat and landed and found out what it was. And they shot down one and got a probable one a second, make 21, which belonged to Remson and better. It's a, it's a crap shoot. Yeah, you know, on a given day, do you get a chance that you train in years war? And that one our day, so you want to get ready for the next day, like you say. Eventually, you get to this point and again, I'm fast forwarding through stories and details and personnel just awesome history. You get to this point. We were worn out, beat up, and bitter. Between the end of February and the end of June, our 100 man air wing had lost 13 killed or captured. 10 bombers on F4 and a vigilante reconnaissance plan playing. Something was very, very wrong. If we were going to regain the dominance that was Naval Aviation's birthright, we would need to make changes. My orders were cut. I'd been assigned to the Phantom Fleet Replacement Squadron at Naval Air Station, Miramar, as luck would have it there. In the bustling on-clave of Fighter Squadron, 121, I would have the chance to help solve our costly, tragic problem. So you get to Miramar. Fall 1968, Fighter Town USA. That's the longstanding nickname of the Naval Air Station, who Spanish name Miramar doesn't even seem to suit the place. There's no view of the sea from its location, 15 miles north of San Diego, five miles in from the coast, at least not until you've gone wheels up and you're flying west on that air controllers. Well, what the air controllers call a sea wolf departure. Know the unofficial nickname painted on Hangarwon is a much better fit. On the runways, ramps and taxiways of the sprawling complex, the shriek of jet engines and the smell of aviation fuel is constant. If my love of flight had been tested by war, I still never shook the habit of lifting my eyes to the sky whenever a jet roared overhead. Who was it? How was he doing? What's going on? As an instructor, it was my job to keep track of my nuggets. When I parked my sea bag at Miramar again, this time to serve as a tactics instructor at Fighter Squadron 121, I found the pace of daily life, clipping along at a fast wartime tempo. The whole West Coast Naval shore establishment had ramped up to support the war in Vietnam and VF 121 was hauling a heavy load. I was an instructor in the advanced tactics phase of the squadron. A good man, Lieutenant Commander Sam Leeds was the head of tactics. Well, again, I'm jumping through some stuff here. What kept us from pushing the aerodynamic limits? Because you talk about what you guys were doing to train and then you kind of have a caveat that you weren't pushing as hard as you wanted to. What kept us from pushing the aerodynamic limits was the risk of version that commonly afflix training. The worst thing we could do as far as our higher headquarters was concerned was lose a plane. So twice a day, I took new fanom pilots and their back seaters up to fly. We played it safe. We did air combat maneuvering or ACM, but always within strict safety parameters. As a result, the program lacked combat realism. The first time rag pilots saw the radical maneuvers that modern jets were capable of. Tracers were flying. The rise had not been opened. That's not how you want to send a young man after off to war. So you guys are training within some pretty strict confines. And it's crazy to think that the first time a guy is really going to be able to test is to maximize the maneuverability and the capability of the aircraft is going to be in combat. It's ridiculous. But doing it for five years. Luckily, not long after my arrival in late December, Sam leads call me into his office and showed me a thick document bound in a blue cover. It was a study issued by the Naval Air Systems Command. It's title, report of the air to air missile system capability review hardly sounded like a blockbuster. But this study produced by Captain Frank Alt, the captain of the coral sea, was an impressive consequential piece of work. About 200 pages long, it was a top to bottom exploration of the reasons for our failure in air to air combat over North Vietnam. Captain Alt's project had been a long time coming. It began in the summer of 1968 when he led a team that tackled the problem of the Sparrow missile. Building on that and other studies, he pulled in more than 200 people to a symposium at the Naval Air Missile Test Center at Point Magu North of Los Angeles. There were pilots, commanders, and managers, and technicians from Raytheon Westinghouse, and McDonald Douglass, all the major fighter weapons contractors, no one had put together the entire picture of the problem like Alt had. It was the first time the whole air combat system our fighters, their missiles, and fire control systems had been studied holistically from design and acquisition to operations and logistics. Alt wanted to understand weapon systems from the womb to the tomb as he liked to say. His conclusions were far reaching. Sam leads called my attention to one particular recommendation in the report. He flipped a page 37 and pointed to the 11th of the 15th items listed in paragraph 6, air crew training. It was there that Alt advised the chief of Naval Operations and the commander of Naval Air Forces, Pacific, to establish as early as possible and advance fighter weapon school at NAS Miramar for both the F8 and the F4. These were the words that gave birth to Top Gun. Sam and I knew that any Miramar based tactics training program would run through us. He looked at me and said, Dan, why don't you take it? I suppose this was generous of him. He had both experience and seniority over me. He could have led the effort himself, but he had already had a great job waiting for him. He was in the final running to command the first fighter squadron that would fly the new F14 Tomcat. Sam could have easily taken the assignment to start a new school house, to start a new school house and then he handed off to me when his time came to fly the F14s, but he felt the school should have the same leadership from the beginning for continuity sake. He said as much and strongly. It was settled then and there. I made it quick, faithful decision. I do it. And you're what? Lieutenant Commander right now? At this point? 31 years old, Lieutenant Commander, I was probably going above about 50 years old, tired, fatigue, and as a great opportunity. I mean, that is the best gift in a career somebody gave me. Frank Alt, the all report, Marvel's document, unsolicited. He did that on his own. It wasn't asked for. He told us what was wrong in detail, but he never taught. They've got blessing. He never mandated what to do about it. He just said, I want to graduate school. It's to get well program in the shortest amount of time. Somebody in endorsing him when it was approved and sent to 121. They put in two months and we don't have any space for you. We don't have a building. We don't have any airplanes. I don't have any support people, but you got two months to make the school. And teach a first class. Now this is a graduate school, Taco. This is not what we've been teaching for five years. Can you imagine the confrontation you're going to get from the existing squad and commanders? I don't know. And these are O5. The squadron commanders at this time were they O5. So you're juniored all these guys. Oh, yeah. It's beautiful. It will be all on the what that's like. Yeah. You say soon we started calling the school top gun. We weren't the first to use this nickname. There was an annual weapons competition that used the same name until about 1958. The aircraft carrier Ranger, which I would later command called itself the top gun in the Pacific Fleet. You can't. You can't write every day Navy fighter weapons school. You got to have a nickname and top gun just seemed to work. That's it. And they liked it. You had to, you know, you had the goal of top gun wasn't just to teach pilots, but to make those pilots kind of teach into teachers themselves. Oh, that's it. That's the answer. It's like a teachers college. In other words, you got to teach people that are going out of the fleet in the solicitation. We did in the initial solicitation to bring in students that send your two best. The two best nuggets or Lieutenant's or below from your squadron. I mean, of course, some of the some of the reaction, we don't want to put it on tape here. But the idea was those two guys who come back, we'd form a cat in about six weeks. We'd teach in graduate school and they go back out and they teach their entire school under the new tactics. So it's colorful. You uh, the lore behind this is awesome. You you go into selecting the first originally you call them. And I have to at least just kind of run through some of the highlights. The stories you got behind these guys are awesome. Uh, Mel Holmes, the first round pick by anybody's book. One time Mel was golfing at Basin, of course, in Merimar, he had a drive into the weeds. That was bad news for the nest of rattle snakes he walked into while looking for his ball. When his buddies saw him hacking away with his seven iron slaughtering those serpents in the grass, Holmes had his nickname, Wrathler. He had one trait in spades that I strongly doubt is teachable, a bone deep, hardwired electric fire sense of aggression. I chose John Smash Nash for the way his heart mined work together. Any suggestion that a mismatch was at hand triggered his compited his competitive fire. His motto, I'd rather die than lose, bore it out. Most combat pilots were our wired that way. What Matt, what made Nash special was the way he combined that fire with hyper attention to detail. Jim Rullison, as I say that right? Jim Rullison probably put out more intellectual wattage than any of us. Jerry Sootsky, or Skiebert, as I called him, had played linebacker for Bear Bryant at Alabama. We appreciated him for being as reliable as gravity. And then so there's your pilots and then without a good backseater, you get into the the reos at the head of the pack was JC Smith, who I invited right away. He might have been the finest real there ever was. You also had Jim Hawkeye, Hawkeye, Lang? Is that right? Do you mean Lang? Say new. A youngster, just 23 years old, so quiet and person you'd never know, he was a tiger in the rear seat during his two combat tours in Vietnam flying from the Kitty Hawk. He and his pilot, named, flamed a Meg 17 in a wild fight near high fong harbor. Lang survived two ejections in barely a month. I don't even know what to say about surviving two ejections in a month. That's just crazy. You'd like to mean him. It'd be a good interview. Well, he's obviously open invite whenever he wants. I'll be standing by our other Smith Steve had all the essentials of a top grade reel that stood apart from everybody for his skills as a salesman, organizer and grifter for all seasons. Our junior Rio, Lieutenant Junior Grade, Darrell Gary, was the youngest man in a cadre of founders. He had every attribute I wanted instructor, mature beyond his years, confident beneath his years and very hard working. Last find was Chuck Hilderbrand and he was an intel guy. So you brought him to help you guys with the intel side of figuring out what other aircraft consisted of what they're capable of. One to become the central repository of tactical aviation within Navy. Navy had none of them. They were classified at all. It's over CIA, CIA headquarters, up to that point. So I wanted to build it and it works that way now. And you guys basically did you basically steal a trailer for this organization? That's a great story. You love it. We're just fussing our hump to get ready in two months. There's no op order for this. There's no plan. It's winging it. Whatever, whatever is fair, just do it and get it done. The individual guys had and I've been flying with these railies often on. And I learned from this railies when you got a lot done on a tight schedule. You have to do things. Get people that are intellectually or professionally excellent in given technical areas. So these guys all have their expertise to start with. And Steve Smith, who probably should be a felon, and he's a wealthy one with that now. But at the time, you know, he gave, he'd make a list of things to do every day. And by he and I'd work together in early morning and by evening time and this got all done. Is that kind of guy? Get it done. Personal, great. And one Friday early in the morning, I said, damn, I said, we're really moving forward. Paperwork wise. Plan why? And the taxi. Really looking good. But I said, we don't even have a place to start holding formalizes thing. And I said, but I got an idea. So I sat him down behind Bay Sobs at Mermort. And he comes back on Saturday morning with a big 40 foot crank hanging below it. Is a 20 by 40 building, which is a pictures that are in the book of the original he had stolen this thing. He had brought the crane operator with a case of Scott to which I ended up buying. And they bring it down. And you know, the pace of things was such that I said, you got what? And the guys were all laughing. Whole place was laughing. Go out. And here's a CEO's parking spots all along the street. And here's his crane with his big building. Suspended below it. He said, where do you want to put it? I said, you put it right here by the steps leading up to fight her down hangar, but right here right above the CEOs parking spot. One 21. And we got away with it. So Sunday he says, I got a bunch of flooring. We're going to put new flooring in the building today. So everybody came in and we hammered nails and glued down new flooring in there. And he brings in red paint. And we painted the trim on the building. All red. I said, what an hell is you do it in red for? He said, who would believe you'd steal a building and paint red. This is a mentality that you're dealing with. And and by God Monday morning, income some vans that Nevada license plates. And I think he had been up to Nellus and stole a bunch of salvage furniture from the Air Force. But he brought in desks and chairs and and in safe. He got a couple of safe. This was a kind of guy. And it whipped it out three days. We started we started the classroom then. That's epic. You say here, before we could teach the material, we had to study and learn it called ourselves. We created, collated, and corrected the curriculum at a fever pace, working all hours to refine it, hunting and packing with two fingers on manual typewriters, redlining each other's drafts for hercing lectures to each other. This last part was key as we took turns on the podium and the trailer. We faced we faced withering scrutiny from our fellow instructors in the military. This is known as a murder board. No hiccup in presentation style. No slip of the tongue. No glitch in dress or personal appearance was too small to be seized upon and corrected on the spot. We knew we would be ineffective lecturing our top not students if we were anything less than bulletproof. How would they believe us at top going if we couldn't deliver graduate level lessons well? In the meantime, we began reaching out to the fleets squadrons to recruit their students. It's interesting to me. I found that part. Interesting that you guys went hyper professional. You went, hey, we are going to be over the top professional because you could see the attitude, hey, we're doing this. We're kind of flying by the seat of our pants. I will teach you kind of half-hazard. You guys went hyper professional. That was an awesome move. In the forward to the book, the Edeliments and then murder boarding has a night element. It took us a while to analyze. We we-we-wined it to get it going. But once we got it up in it with successful, we had to set the standards high because nobody believed you know, it was the same type of thing that we had been doing for five years. It wasn't going to fly. But just make it special and it's still that way. Is it not? 100%. 100% that legacy has sustained from the beginning. In the elements are in the forward to that book. No. And they're applicable to commercial enterprise. You'd be amazed who I've lectured on those. I wouldn't be as I wouldn't be surprised at all. I know the, I know that the principles that we learned in the military are extremely applicable to any leadership situation. Sorry. You're just about to start the first class. And you say this, I was cooking along in full afterburner about 100 miles off the California coast approaching San Clemente Island when I felt the thump. My warning panel lit up. There was a fire in my right engine. As I shut it down, my back seat or lieutenant J. G. G. Gill slimy ran through the emergency checklist while Mel eased in close for a visual inspection trying to see through all the smoke. We were about 30 miles from Miramar, off La Jolla, when the seven-liter liquid auction canister mounted in the tail of my phantom exploded. It tore the tail section clean off my bird and over and we tumbled, time slowed down. We plummeted. In my headset, I think I heard Mel's voice, Dan, you guys eject, eject, Gill pulled the handle and we rocketed out of the doom jet. We fell toward the ocean strapped into our ejection seats at 21,000 feet. It's odd how time passes in a crisis inspired by the flood of adrenaline into my system. I'd time to look down over La Jolla, notice the scenic curve. My helmet visor was gone, but somehow my Ray-Band sunglasses were still hanging on. I've got to save them, I thought. Those sunglasses had been with me since my Pensacola training days. No way did I want to lose them now. I reached up, shook them off my face and stuffed them into a zippered pocket on my flight suit. It was then that I realized as I fell through space that I was still attached to my ejection seat. This was a problem. The heavy apparatus was supposed to separate automatically by action of a powerful spring activated by barestad at 12,000 feet. Falling toward the sea, I looked around for Gill's shoot and was relieved to see him drifting down behind an above me. This engaged myself, disengaging myself manually from the ejection seat and falling clear, I pulled the D-Ring to pop my shoot. Nothing happened. I yanked it again harder and the cable broke off in my glove hand. I was falling at terminal velocity 14 feet per second like a rock. Somehow I had to get my hands on the shoot pack. Short on time and altitude, I pulled myself up the risers and reached my shoot pack. I thought of my wife and kids and home and it was God who gave me the strength. I'm sure reaching the parachute pack, I opened it with my hands and the shoot flew free. The beautiful white blossom swelled above me jerking me upright into a lazy but short descent. Thank you, my dear Lord. Is that your first ejection? Only. Only ejection. You had to climb up the risers of your parachute and yanked that thing out. That's very different. Okay. It was not a big deal to have a malfunctioning parachute after you ejected out of your F-4 fan and with the engine exploded. I was going to be impressed. The next line gets even better. Yeah, looking down at the cold water, I saw the dark, sleek shadows swimming just below the surface. Yeah, people don't, I mean you're off the coast of Southern California. There's sharks. There are and actually people know this now because you know we have drones flying around and now that they fly drones all over the place, people are all shocked that there's a bunch of sharks out there like I'm a surfer and people are now realizing, oh there's sharks right off the coast of where we surf and you know I said the sharks have always been there. That's their home, you know. So you can kind of visualize some sharks as you were inbound? Well, I looked down and they saw the silhouette in the dark and this was 15 minutes for dark and the water's cold, 13th of February and so I hit the water and then my little raft disinflated so I climb in this, because I can, it's cold man and I think I was motivated by the thought it was probably sharks turns out it was dolphin because where my big boots were sitting on the end of the raft, pretty soon boom, boom, two snouts turn up and these squeaky little levels were sitting there looking at me. You guys are probably swam with those people. And they're talking, they're children, they're excited to have somebody new and the world. I got rescued by heel that night. Yeah. March 3rd, 1969 in our stolen trailer at Fidertown USA Top Guns, Class One convened and I had to throw this in there. I issued a heartfelt welcome aboard and said we'd been charged with an important purpose. This is you talking to your students for the first time. I introduced my instructor team and told them who we all were. I explained that we would all learn together along the way. The main thing for any skipper to bear in mind is this. The troops know the troops need to know he's interested in their welfare. This is true regardless of the leader's personal communication style. Hard asses can care too. Some leaders give lip service to caring but what a leader does it does to show it is far more important. I wanted my instructors to challenge them but always constructively. We would aspire to build their confidence not destroy it. They were professionals and future mentors in training so we were going to show them how it was done. I close by saying there is an urgency here beyond anything we've ever done. We hold lives in our hands. These words still fill me with conviction today. So this was a like you said a graduate level school and you're treating these people more as peers than as you know people that weren't worthy of being there and that needed to bow down to you guys. None of that. There's a brotherhood in dealing and you guys know that. Dealing new in life every single day. Yours there's they knew why they were there. They were there to get better so they wouldn't go out and get themselves back. And their big because their sensibility a jaw-caught think is we made it known right from the first time they got the date they were there to become proficient teacher on score the mates and boy that stuck. They're pride. Pride and being the top gun instructor right David. It's not an easy way to get there sir. The pace of the program accelerated once we began flying a lot after the first week or so we ran two or three training sororities every day with the instructors playing the role of aggressors. We would put the students in different scenarios flying all the basic permutations. One versus one two versus one one versus two two versus two four versus two four versus four and two versus four. A dogfight is a true physical ordeal when a fighter aircraft is flown hard. It shakes you like a plummeting roller coaster on the verge of collapse. Your buffeted from side to side helmet hammering the plexiglass canopy harness digging into your shoulders and hips. GeForce is caused blood to surge and drain from your extremities including your head. Our program tested not only a student's body but his mind. Fast forward a little bit. There were a couple names for the mid-killing new tactics we developed in the F4 community. It basically involved flying a fan or fan of like a Saturn V rocket straight up. Sometimes we called it using the vertical envelope. It was also known as the high yo yo. But the name we settled on was inspired by the shape of the airspace we used while flying it. JC Smith called it the egg and the moniker stuck. That was the shape our fanom's track rocketing up and coming back down. So you guys are starting to come up with new tactics, new methods. The F4 is greatest attribute to magnificent Indians and it would go up and no makes ever stay way. We learned to fly. I'm flown zero air feet on the back up here. Just two pilot, free fighter and gauge fighter. One guy is down push in the makes. The other guy comes in and goes right to sweet spot to shoot. We got very good at it. And we flew the airplane way beyond what McDonald's was sold them for. So you're putting, are you putting this thing into a stall when you reach the apex of the vertical or you get close to it but you have to back off? She behaves, take her up to where you're comfortable and what you see down below. Sometimes you get really slow up here. Sometimes you go to zero and the airplane would behave so well. Use rotters not a lot. Aileron but rotters and I've flown the airplane straight into a piraticle to zero air speed. Full afterburner leave it there and come back down and we did it to make sure what the airplane would do in case you got up here and some nugget didn't get it over on its backside to fly straight up afterburner's going and cheat chugs and she didn't like it very much but she comes down just like this to fall through on her belly and goes out the bottom and name a McDonald's or an award. I'm going to stay with you through that and we did that and I made the guys each one of them. I went up and demoed it put a student in the back seat and made him getting a front seat and I climbed the back. No flight controls in the back seat at her point and I ride through that in the back seat and when that was over he is confidence was well. It worked great. That's a basic tag. Flung the vertical. You say flying every day we worked on all this and we worked hard we developed the egg in a way that made excellent use of our two plane loose-dose formation which basically with loose-dose talk talk us through the loose-dose formation a little bit. That's just two airplanes mutual support at the key okay. You got to be able to when you're cruising through Indian country you got to be able to keep them off your six you know when you get shot and you don't want you to get shot and from this position they can cross turn and they can clear each other or not more war to from reading and and so you get in the Indian country and you got mixed and you come through the merge maybe you're also a little bit but come through the merge and mix them down. You passed it and one of them becomes a free fighter he goes into vertical the other one comes around try and push and mix and you're trying to push them into predictability. Make drivers are like everybody they want to stay alive and some mummar very a degrees of expertise some mummar too good some mummar excellent you know the top-maked driver in Norvian I'm got nine nine vectors and serious business so any free fighter this guy up here would always try and come down it's a I'm in two's off or you know that's where we that's how we ended up with the call signs so we have because you can't can't relate numbers to each other you got to have a you know rivals in thanks off right when when the second aircraft goes starts to go up when the first aircraft comes down is in is the other one now taking the opposition yeah yeah it's keep track of the makes makes remember don't have the power to get up with the family and that they're in a lot of strength yeah so you keep pushing down there don't let them get fast just push them down and eventually one of you one potato two potatoes one of you will get a valid shot by the side one and oh god if I ever wanted anything in my flying bird I wanted a gun and a family never had a gun I know I could have won every fight with a gun gadlin gun this this concept of of the loose-dose formation you know even when you said mutually supporting you know in in ground tactics right we have the principle of cover move which means we're gonna work together when one person's moving the other person's shooting or you know keep in the enemy distracted yeah the allows the other person move to a better position a superior position you and they're gonna follow up the other interesting thing you said about how you could use ones and twos uh my first deployment to Iraq you know we had the humvies were numbered one two three four five six so you go out on target and everyone's assigned what vehicle you're gonna get into one two three four five six well because of the arranged so you go assault the target and the the vehicles would rearrange to so when you got back in and we could leave immediately well they wouldn't always rearrange in the right order and so what you'd end up with a guy that came in vehicle to he'd come out of an assault he'd look and he'd see vehicle number two and he'd go jump in it because he thought it was you know he'd count down the others number one there's number two I came in vehicle two well that that wasn't accurate and you'd have guys going to the wrong vehicles and so we ended up I said we're gonna name the vehicles and you're gonna know what vehicle you're in by name because that way hey if I came in big earn or whatever you know bigger and was the humvie I came in cool I get out I said I'm looking I'm not looking for a number I'm looking for big earn and that way my team is gonna be together we can get a quick head count same same idea yeah loose doose is that what you guys did two days it's almost exactly the same I mean the terminology is the same all the things he's talking about everything that that they are talking about has to stay into this day almost the exact same approach only anything changes is the opposition zero points your own airplane the weapon system that they're giving you to fly and that's therein lies the complexity of being a top-gun instructor because it's a constant dynamic they have got to work to stay ahead of the potential enemies if it'd be China if it'd be Russia everybody in the free world is working to keep their intelligence and their tactics revised if you will it's a full-time dynamic business hard work you say this about the loose doose the loose doose tactic reflected top-guns culture and this is why I called this out because it's not just the tactic that you use in the air which empowered junior officers to act and speak freely there was no leader wingman hierarchy in our tactics which left either fighter free to attack depending on who stage or depending on who cited a bogey first loose doose was a versatile and aggressive certainly was a far cry from the air force's tactic the fluid for which in spite of its adjective was quite rigid giving the initiative and most opportunities to the flight leaders life at top-gun was flight club every day as the instructors flew against the students it was natural for the students to want to take a scalp now and then if one of them beat Wrathler, Smash, Swatsky, Cobra, or me it could help his service reputation they seldom did it but by the end of the syllabus and its 26 flights it did happen there was plenty of pride to be taken in that I tried to keep them grounded everybody gets beaten now and then I told them if you managed to beat Mel and were smart you understood it was dangerous to pump your ego the lesson there was that if Mel could get beat anyone could I consider this attitude the heart of professionalism and why and as for my instructors from time to time I had to warn them no ego's fellow we're fellas we're here to teach that lesson right there of when you beat the best guy and you go yeah I just beat the best guy what the real lesson is you can get beat to that's a powerful thing to think about that's turning your ego right on its head but yeah you got a train to take on the best there is every time your your whole goal in training is to beat the very best if he comes comes out someday better be ready yeah when I was in charge of training seals for deployment the people that they fought against in training for deployment was other seals that knew their tactics that had the same conditioning that had the same weapons that actually knew what their plan was they they there's no one that would ever face a tougher enemy then you're gonna face going through seal pre pre pre deployment training the tougher on enemy does not exist that's really interesting it's the same exact attitude that you guys had you know and I I talked to Dave on the phone yesterday said this is the exact same attitude that we had in the seal teams is how do we push ourselves against the hardest possible situation we can be in so when we go in a combat it seems easy that's our goal make combat seem easy yeah well you can't lead you can't lead in good concepts if you don't train that way absolutely you can't be the leader no um there's a the next section you start talking about you kind of mentioned it earlier was was paradise ranch groomlake dreamland all the same names for something that probably most people have heard the name area 51 and out there will you talked about it you can you fly out there and these guys had a couple captured meaks my first one others a lot of things going on out there and we won't go into it but I went out there and flew I went out flew a couple tests I flew five six times I flew the meaks because I wanted the experience male homes and I did that and that was the first trip out and then later on when the first class graduated I surprised them I briefed the mission and we put them in I think I led and probably male led and we took them to dreamland unknown and we go smoking in the dreamland a nice easy 500 knots in the dreamland when ever where we go and what are we going to do you know a radio silence right here comes some makes the guys got to fight the makes for a graduation present and unknown and it's surprised to hell a lot of that is and you know they did they really got it all and they were good and they flew the tactics we had taught them and they held their own and then what a party we had a mirror my life yeah that's that's completely epic I didn't catch that right didn't recall it right yeah I probably didn't catch that the first time you did that they was surprised to them and they're just looking all the way positively I did it by a mic I just read coming those days and said you get we're going we get off in section section take off and I had three up with me I think I said just just follow me and I said be ready we go need knee and country that's all I told them and so they've speculated all the way out there speculated one they away what's the crazy man doing now so it was fun we get into this and there's a lot of connections here top gun couldn't avoid a rival with the US Air Force there wasn't about politics to us it was about flying and ideas sure it bothered us to hear the Air Force claim it had created the first fighter weapon school it's bad ideas that lose wars and get people killed the most vocal advocate of the Air Force thinking at that time was major John Boyd in 1969 he was making a lot of speeches promoting his energy maneuverability theory of air to air warfare simply put it's a mathematical formula that tries to reduce fighter aircraft performance to a single value based on the plane speed thrust aerodynamic drag and weight first put forward in 1964 it had reportedly been used by the Air Force to design new fighters such as the F-15 Eagle and the F-16 fighting Falcon outstanding planes as we all know in 1969 Mel and Skye gave a talk at Tindle Air Force base in Florida John Boyd followed them pitching his theory there was some good debate and Mel remembers Air Force officers starting to challenge their catacysm in the Q&A major Boyd made an infamous remark he said that no US pilot should ever dogfight a MIG because his theory proved mathematically that since the enemy plane performed better throughout the flight envelope than the F-4 taking on a MIG was a good way to end up hanging from a parachute or a whole lot worse the problem with any theory is the baggage of its assumptions we thought major Boyd was making some rather large ones and considered his analysis suspect as a result in the base auditorium Tindle at Tindle that day Skye poked Mel in the ribs why don't you say something rattleer Mel stood up and proposed to the Air Force officer that he was underrating a few things namely people Mel said that while weapons might have parameters and airplanes theoretical values no algorithm could predict much if it excluded the most important factor of all the skill, heart and drive of the pilot in the cockpit. The moment of truth was the merge it was then that you had your chance to take the measure of a man. Sir Mel said I just don't think you know anything you can know anything about another pilot before the first turn and if you don't know that then you can't say that a MIG 17 will win every time that needed saying the best I can recall major Boyd didn't really engage you replied by restating his claim thank you for that view lieutenant but you can't fight a MIG in an F4 will lose wars that way we would see about that John Boyd was an intelligent patriotic and good at a great many things from this exchange we concluded that one of them was deriving big ideas that aspired to university but did not reckon with the human heart an aerial combat technical factors were important some of them could be modeled but no model could tell the whole story major Boyd was not wrong his theory was simply incomplete he also completely misjudged the F4 there were no slouches at science either we were no slouches at science either with cobra ruffleson's technical acuity and hard work we had fused hard data with equally hard experience it ended up showing exactly how a fandom could smoke a MIG almost every time the energy maneuverability theory had little to say about tactics or the people who made them work the pilot is a key part of the equation though it as a though as a variable it cannot be quantified out of mirror maras students and instructors bent the jet and flew beyond the limits we were trying to turn the man in the cockpit into a weapon as adversary pilots melski co-branash and i were enjoying the role flying debriefing the adjusting from the enemy point of view day after day flight after flight we were helping our students meet the challenge we were making them part of the equation and i got to say one last thing adherence to strict rules and restrictions meant almost certain defeat against well-trained pilots fighting under no such restrictions and this is why we at top gun never existed before we we at top gun we say top gun never existed before the navy set it up at Miramar no schoolhouse that required adherence to fixed ideas reduced airplanes to numbers or considered its instructors as priests could ever be top gun in our book from the final tallies over in Vietnam we would eventually learn to tell the tale you know what we ended up from the day top gun it started in the first class graduated to the end of the Vietnam war kill ratio went from 2 to 1 to 24 to 1 it works since the key elements you age is no criteria for knowledge the young ones are as good if not better because the energy level 8 possess if they're willing to study and learn the young ones are the reason you know i look at this youngster here it's hard to believe you've been that that route but and look as young as you do but we broke with tradition the only reason he Air Force until after top gun got up and going they had Air Force fighter weapons school it knows for years gunnery and a few things but never in any like top gun now they have a red flag and the reason was the three star that they had run and things during Vietnam retired one guy held them back he mandated the flying wings thing spent time with robin holes you know the great general there's a guy i is a guy i lies talked to the links with robin holes and football games with them and and brought him down to fly with a smear mark on the Friday had a super happy hour that night with him and and uh and uh i watch his career in because of the mandated things the Air Force wouldn't change we never criticized them we didn't do anything they had a well i learned a lot about them at the dream land when we were flying a dream land with the Air Force guys there were four or five guys up there we've good it's anybody i had but they were under the restriction of of an old timer old timer probably out of Washington who would come out and when he retired the Air Force jumped on red flag and they are good now let me tie it there is good as anybody so you know as you were just kind of alluding to we get into what you title in the book proof of concept which is the guys are going to war and uh you you say here top gun students became crisp smart quick deadly and confident they knew the performance envelopes of their airplanes and missiles maneuver quickly to exploit them and handled all the switch interfaces in the cockpit efficiently they demonstrated their ability to fly the egg tactics to perfection and use the high yo yo out of a two plane loose douce formation to fill a and fry a grass or pilots almost every time out their final exam was a special retreat and unrestricted sparrow inside wind or shoot against live maneuvering targets that was Steve Smith we took him up to the civic missile range and took a BQM 34 which you know the good old American way would straighten leveled like shooting down an airline or and we found out that this damn BQM would out gee the airplanes particularly when it's controlled on the ground so I put Steve Smith one of my originals put him down on the ground controlling and that damn missile come out and then dogfight him and Jerry Boo yeah the first first student grad shot it down first time out give us a little history on the patch the top gun patch I don't you know we we could take every night before and after we started working students at the club we just go and sometimes have beer to and I could take today's effort so the the the patch was designed at the old club by two of the guys Steve Smith could do anything I mean these guys are we should see where they are today in business but Steve and in millholzed signed a patch and we submitted it incidentally I never asked for permission ever in a front end of what we were doing no permission no letters of approval everything you know if we if they don't like the telltale's never had to get anything ask above me and it was it wasn't me it was nine of us the key elements what I talked about each guy bringing something special table there would not she didn't like this but I do there would not have been a top gun had any of the nine guys not been available now maybe I don't know what you what your religion is or what you believe but millon I and a few of the guys sit down to our day and realize this and how we all got it together how all nine of us ended up in a group pretty much has to do with some higher power help yeah higher rank in and it worked and being young you know you could always say me a couple of then I don't know that he did nobody ever got us go ahead yeah that's that's uh and that the fact that the top gun patches are made in the sights yeah it's sort of kind of offensive right to if you're if you're a fifth year a Russian and it was and to make 21 and some many Washington said when we submitted it the guys were wearing her on the fleets Steve had a maid somewhere in the PI and made him for us quick so we're all wearing these patches you know top gun man mood like that and some many Washington called out and said we're gonna have a sponsored state department and I called my I call my bulletproof jacket who's a three star animal at airpack bush brungle nice and move bush brungle and when I took the job this is kind of off the record I took the job I talked to him because I'd work for him and I liked him and he liked me and I just said kind of man you talk about loading the thing up in the hurry and he said I'll make it bulletproof at a great career I got promoted commander early made captain two years early and you know I would end up in shit you know the only reason I'd get torpedoed along the way was bringle bringle was tough boy general quiet all man but night he predicted me in the patch he made one phone call and oh we like our patch so there's your answer you know one thing I want to jump through real quick as you mentioned a couple times the the fault the traits that you guys were you know putting forward as what a good pilot consists of you say a passion for the mission necessary to sustain the individual in an extreme environment leadership by personal example a compassionate inspirational person willing to take responsibility extraordinary airmanship required to operate in so unforgiving and environment humility derived from a sense of being part of something much greater than one self subject matter expertise that is beyond reproach a work ethic that will drive the person to do whatever it takes for however long it takes to ensure success personal discipline to endure the rigorous training and attention to detail required to constantly perform at an optimum level integrity adaptability innovation and a willingness to challenge the status quo and last credibility established through demonstrated performance sustained over time now the only thing I don't like about those is it took me I think four or five books that I've written that are thousands of words each to to explain what you just did a few it a few sentences it took me it took me three years with the help of two other guys to define and we were we were in a long time ago those were written we never put them in a legacy book document like this for the 15th anniversary but it took a three years to find and the reason being is top gun with so successful after the first half dozen classes we weren't going to get torpedoed anywhere there were guys begging to get in and we had to have selection criteria and you got one of them and they still use those criteria in the selection and the instructors I'm not sure the guys know what they're getting into because the work load is crazy how hard they were from now well obviously it's a high standard and there's a reason for it like you said earlier you got people's lives in your hands that's right and you're right and besides that right now and I don't know how you feel David but they're still even in the beginning they were the best the best and they kept that alive for 50 years that's why the book was written it's celebrating the legacy and putting it running and then like this 50 years of trying to live by those criteria in a selection because like this and it's worked and they're proud of it 42 CEOs and about 600 instructors small group and at time 50 years go ahead please again this we're getting into a section now that's that's talking about the proof of concept because now the guys are at war as I was saying and we get to here on Saturday March 28th Jerry and his Rios Steve Barkley were idling their F4J standing on the catapult in a alert five status ready for quick launch when the radar control ship reported four bandits inbound toward the carrier that afternoon bollier and his air wing commander Paul Spear were launched off the constellations deck as the radar calls kept coming and the range closed they saw no sign of the mix the fanom pair pressed ahead it was bullier who first sighted the enemy fighters ahead and above him at about 25,000 feet following the loose doos doctrine Jerry alerted spear and took lead stoking his afterburners and accelerating into a climbing turn to intercept the two mixed spotted the Americans and separated the leader climbing and his wingman Blake breaking into a right turn bollier took the enemy wingman while Spear went after the leader as he closed with the number two mid bollier realized I suspect in the space of those first 20 seconds that his excitement had led him to stray from the proper technique he was fighting in the horizontal and climbing to engage his enemy directly he had lost too much airspeed to attack effectively he dove again to regain it pulling seven gs at the bottom he found the mid descending with him looking to avoid a turning fight he returned to what we had taught him he pulled up sharply sharply to initiate the egg maneuver rocketing vertically the mig had no chance to keep up meanwhile down below commander Spear had seemed to unnerve his own mig its pilot turned wide and left the fight Spear was turning back toward bollier to clear Jerry's tail when Jerry when Jerry's mig saw Spear the north Vietnamese pilot fired a heat seeking a toll missile at the approaching phantom the head shot the head on shot missed up and up bulliers phantom went with real barcly keeping him oriented telling him that the mig shooting at Spear was no threat Jerry focused on setting up his shot arcing over the top he saw that their opponent was vulnerable the mig had lost sight of him the enemy pilot banked right and then reversed sharply left as if looking for his pursuer this last maneuver was a fatal mistake it gave Jerry a clean shot up the enemy's tailpipe with the tone of a sidewinder lock buzzing in his helmet earphones he pressed the trigger and his missile left the rail it tracked true and exploded underneath the mig a shower of steel fragments sliced into the enemy plane and set it on fire trailing flames like a torch the mig sailed along rocking its wings bollier pulled up sharply to avoid running past him slid in behind him again and fired another missile this one finished him just like he had done in the drone shoot at top gun back on the deck of the constellation the celebration started immediately Paul Spear a large man gave diminutive Jerry a bear hug and lifted him off the top of his feet champagne strictly forbidden floed later that day a hanoi radio broadcast from the mig locked uh confirmed the mig loss in Washington the politics of peace talks forced the Pentagon to make smoke other than a brief announcement of a mig being downed the kill was said to have been scored by fanombs that were escorting a photo reconnaissance aircraft the navy kept a lid on the story back at Miramar we wondered who the mig killer was when it was finally confirmed that the mig killers were bowlier and barcly we were ecstatic it validated not only what we talk what not only what we taught but our schools very existence pretty awesome did you guys have any beverages when you found out that oh yeah yeah there's a lot of work getting to that point and there are a lot of people you have no idea juggle what the opposition was like but it was the same we're young we're doing the best we can that's waiting to see and man when the when the kill started happening the word started we went from having to work hard to get people to come to the school like we did before we initiated to where Steve Smith had loved same guys he'd say I'm sorry were full up for six months but I'll put you in the waiting list for next year he's ghost he's ghost guys you know they're too close to Washington they gave us a fit in the beginning fast forward in January 1972 captain Smith cut the order top gun became a permanent detachment appearing in the rag organizational chart with a solid line instead of a dotted line connecting it to chicksmith's headquarters that little tweak to the org chart made all the different suddenly we were assured of adequate staffing equipment fuel and operating funds our program is free of its former parent organization and then it goes top gun goes to war yanky station 1972 on March 30th 30,000 north Vietnamese army soldiers supported by a hundred tanks acquired from red china invaded south Vietnam a few days later another 20,000 troops also supported by tanks struck south Vietnam from louse they were the vanguard of a communist army that would ultimately field 300,000 troops and 600 armored vehicles on May 10th present Nixon ordered the mining of high fong harbor and other Japanese or another north Vietnamese ports putting a stop to Soviet deliveries of migs and surface to air missiles meanwhile air force Marine Corps navy planes hammered north Vietnamese supply lines bridges collapsed under a barrage of first generation smart weapons including laser guided bombs delivered by navy grum and a six intruders in a seven course air twos air force b 52 strato forces strato fortresses struck mega airfields around hanoi the enemy tried to defend these important targets flying make 21 and make 19 interceptors the north Vietnamese pilots found themselves in wild dog fights with US air force fanom's on May 10th 3,000,000,000,000 went down to air to air missiles but the north Vietnamese pilots scored two kills the air force continued to use old style world war two air tactics that we found so limiting the navy was on a different path the north Vietnamese makes encountered a new navy the alpha strikes included electronic countermeasure aircraft that jam the radio frequencies of the north Vietnamese pilots they ran into top gun trained pilots the tactics we developed at Miramar changed the game altogether and look this there's a section of the book that i'm not going to read right now because people just need to get the book and read it but you go into some of these incredible dog fights the tactics are being used they're being executed and victory after victory is being chalked up and you get to hear by mid-June the navy's kill ratio during linebacker stood at almost 12 to one a 600% increase over what we had managed during rolling thunder the navy's high command was ecstatic the north Vietnamese air force was clearly demoralized that spring a make 17 pilot encountered a navy f4 and ejected on the spot before he even came under fire they had no answer for our new tactics and teamwork by the summer of 1972 the migs focused on attacking the air force while avoiding U.S. flights originating from Yankee station are mig hungry top gun grads didn't like it but the tactical switch provided stark testimony to which service they thought they could score against sadly the air force fought the 1972 air campaign essentially as it had rolling thunder and here in into the fluid for formation cost them air crews of the 51 aircraft that the air force lost during operation linebacker 22 went down to guns and missiles of north Vietnamese migs during the same time the navy lost just four birds to migs the Marines lost an f4 phantom to a mig and scored one in return from the start date of the top gun program to the end of the war the navy's overall kill ratio was 24 to 1 i mean that's just transformational transformational efforts on your part the rest of the top gun team the navy captain all for putting that report together the chain of command for actually listening and enacting these things it's a incredible history it was a good start and the big thing is the book represents 50 years we wanted in writing never been written before wanted in writing the legacy of how it got started and where really it's powerful it's a problem or other volumes that could be written from this goes out into the 70s 85 probably the last in this book you guys digs red butter all these guys over 50 years they were in the they were in the opposition and they fought their way through it we gave all their planes amongst mcun who was the co number four and it up giving me his rallies all they have a carrier plates during one of their when their fiasco's over in his room all their planes were given away and they they stole some newer plates he cut their hands on some it's never been and the only downside was the mood to fall in at the time wasn't very well received i mean you imagine on your home in beautiful sandier having your kids go to school here taking your college graduate wives and say let's unload it all we're going up to the moon to live and i'm just a god it's really a sad story they get up there and they found some some some bad things up there and and then the other thing was the opposition within the navy and i'm speaking personally now was all has always been apparent by that it used to be fighter pilots and attack pilots and attack pilots after the movie came out after Tom Cruise first movie shit boy they were all over it's they didn't like that one bit and the guys guys fought their way through it 42 seals in order anyhow that's another well obviously got more books in yeah got a lot more books i got one got one work meanwhile this is an over yet you know you you say here home with my family for a rare Friday night this is 1973 hours barbeque mistakes thinking about taking an after dinner swim with the kids when the phone rang i went to pick it up sensing something was wrong as it turned out i was right the executive officer of fighter squadron 143 the pukenedogs was missing an action in south Vietnam that pilot hardly haul was a friend of mine the squadron was in a state of shock it also needed a new exo which accounted for my emergency orders to pack up within 20 hours and begin the long journey out to the enterprise you've been there you guys have seen that i'm sure yeah i mean uh the it's what we sign up for but it doesn't make it easy it's harder and the family anybody you know you show up 24 hours later a navy sea two took me aboard at qb point foome out to the carrier the squadron seal gordon cornell met me on the flight deck gordo was a warrior's warrior a man who'd flown everything from f9 f panthers to f eight crusaders and f four phanams wounded an action over north Vietnam in 1966 he went on to earn two distinguished flying crosses and seventeen air metals really got glad to see you yank sorry it had to be under such terrible circumstances i shook his hand and asked how the dogs were doing their dogs down they'll always be okay their tough bunch bonded as Harley would have wanted still clutching my hand he seemed to reconsider this he added their herding badly some of the guys can't wait to get home and help out Mary Lou and the kids there was sadness in his eyes the shooting war was over but we all had wounds to heal as twenty minutes before the armances became effective the whole the an armor every fighter pilot wants a command of his own squadron i learned i was to become the skipper of the pukendogs again i'm fast boarding at at this point at i'm gonna jump to a part where you're heading to Las Vegas at the end of August for an enormous reunion of american aviators of all services who had phoned in Vietnam we would unofficially welcome back the 166 men taken prisoner by the north Vietnamese some three thousand of us and our wives gathered at the hilton there were many spontaneous many reunions that night as old friend saw each other for the first time and years the happiness touched everyone the war over the years of hardship and rear view mirror at last our former POWs were ready to pick up their lives and careers what an enormous challenge some came home knowing nothing of the summer of love the wats riots the ken state shootings or the assassinations of martin Luther King and robbered fkennity the last experience of america predated acid rock and woodstock fitting into the here and now and getting to know their families again tested the former POWs all over again and you and i were talking about Charlie plumb who's who's been on this a few times and just an unbelievable guy and every possible way and currently we let William reader who's been on here too as well also you know an army pilot but you know both those guys captured suffered immeasurable and came home and carried on with their lives you end up doing a deployment to the med on the america battle group and you know it was turn around turn that fighter squad and you know how hard are you really hard to call was killed the exhaled the blue angels and on the way home we had just left pearl on the way home it stopped and pearl i get a message we need both your fighter squadrons on their prize want to turn around twenty or fifty one days we're gonna turn around send me east coast and deploy on the america for seven months now there's a leadership problem talk indeed jesus he's guys had just lost the best leader actually blu angel leader and he he could have been i'm telling the personally i knew him well he could have been chief and they've all operations and he lived he's that kind of and he was a great irritable i don't know whether you knew him but uh and uh and it turned around in fifty one days but i got even with him and i'll tell you about it when you get to it we'll go ahead now i got name by satin bob balden was come never pack at north island when we got home and he had sent a message came out of Washington of course and it's in the message so when i got home i went and saw him and i said we can turn them around but i want to keep all the airplanes that i have on an enterprise i don't want to have to do acceptance test on whole bunch of new airplanes my maintenance guys were good we just smoked the the uh homey arrival inspection you know for corrosion airplanes were beautiful paint job on i said we're gonna keep the same airplanes he said you can do that that's fine with me and i said you know i said this is tough on the family the current the current thing that was being pushed in in uh Washington was retention i said you want to keep the people you want us to keep all these pilots after in the war and the way it ended i said halfway through the cruise and Tommy rupplego was seal of america i knew him so i made a call and got approval i said halfway through the cruise can you get us in the Athens for two weeks at anchor he said yeah i said apple i said charter is 747 and bring over our was and kids and families for that two weeks while the car is important right in the middle of the car is he went oh and being the man he is or was he's dead now but he did so halfway through that america cruise in comes a 749 it's 747 and it's got all these kids and it's a great gift home coming you can imagine here they are in in europe for two weeks of holiday all paid for awesome that's leadership yeah that's leadership on the vice at most part indeed yeah that's awesome i was laughing this is a laughable comment but i got to say you know we have back in the day in the sealed teams we would deploy with our maritime equipment some of that maritime equipment is 55 horsepower engines and we were in our couple tunes we were deploying on a ship and when i was reading what you were writing about the aircraft you got their own personalities and you what you and the exact same thing happened we came home from one deployment and they said hey we're going to take in your old ones we're going to take your old engines we're going to send him in for maintenance you were giving you guys some new ones and my my first lieutenant rep who was in charge of the engines the guy named z the zulu cap we used to call him he says well i'm not giving him up and he had names for all the engines you we had one called frank and started one called big cat they they all had names and he knew him he knew him and rather than get brand new engines he said no i want these engines i want the same engines and the caveatie golf just like okay you want these old engines he said yes i do these are the ones that work these are the ones that i know the devil's the devil you know is better than the one you don't know right hey my the airplane tell us a little bit about uh gunner king oh god bob bob king warner officer gunner had been with i first heard about him with the seals the seals many years ago and they said the fighter scorn and they said we're going to send you a we're going to send you a warner officer seal he's going to be your air gunner and i think what was that mean was an air gunner he knew everything to do with a warner and some missiles on the air plane and uh and he held a new it all stand on his head he was that good but big talk good looking guy personality crazy everybody in this squad and loved him and one night and could be a could be point at the oh cup i got him only time i ever got him tell me any seal stories you know we have the air deals all wonder about you guys you know we really depressed and everything and i got gunner talking to me and i said gunner how did you end up here and he said i was inserted in northean um and uh i think the guy with him was killed and there were two of men there and they were going to put it i think they had a mission to take care of something in there nicely said okay and he said i lost my partner and i got in a river and i'm floating out floating out the river ran to the ocean and he said i was floating down this river with looking for him along the banks in the air and there and people yelling and he said the only thing i'm gonna tell you is he says i felt this warm thing wrap around me you know what it was some guy named big sea snake wrapped around him you guys you know what that's like i read about them and he said he took out he took out his knife and he got the snake said oh and he said i floated out and he said but he said when i when i got out they picked me up he said i never could quit dreaming about that day i'm gonna snake and so anyhow i said he said well he said didn't want me back and Vietnam anymore they wanted to give my rest i think yeah after a lot of things yeah after Vietnam there's a whole group of seals when they downside this downside is the seal teams there was a whole group of seals that they sent to the fleet and also it might have been because he was a warnafter because i don't know if they knew what to do with the warnafters back then in the inside the seal teams and they might have said oh you made a warnafter congratulations you're gonna go be a warnafter in the fleet could have been either one of those things uh if any of your listeners should know the worry about the warnafter bobcane no calling bobby and uh he was remarkable in his capacity as my gunner for two cruises and uh wrote to him for a couple years and lots of tight cuddling i think in pomey maybe still alive but i just love it if somebody you hold them and let you know so you could tell me certainly if somebody knows and there's a lot of guys that listen to this so they'll get the word out and try and find uh warnafter bobby king find out where he's at yeah the um you you go into a great kind of detailed account of of the Israeli war and how you know you you already mentioned how uh how we were able to help out how top gun specifically was able to help out and and also the efforts of of the guys and the Israeli you know air force is that what is the Israeli air force? oh yeah those two gentlemen that i speak of in the book both went on to be commanding generalcy is really air force one of them went on to be the secretary of events in Israel and i can't tell you everything i've done with them but uh they are remarkable and you know for years i think we'd uh started out maybe living in their shadow a little bit whether tactically were as good once top gun came out then we're equal and uh but uh when they come in the United States on business i'd get a phone call totally illegally get a phone call it's a Daniel and he ton he said i'm in Washington if i come out can i fly with you come on so i fly with him in the good story is i got my squadron or airway i can't remember but he calls me and he flies into you how he got to you man oh but he she ends up in you man and he said you put me on the flights against the model yeah yeah so daylight we rolled on the runway two a wingman i got a wingman with me and he's got the second section we break the ground he'll have to turn out to go over to the range and he's you gotta hear the sky near he's so cool he said Daniel i said the out three he said i got a fire and i said is it bad no it's not bad he said i just shut the engine down he unloads fuel all over the range makes one perfect turn around lands rolls all around the runway and uh by the time the fire truck's got to him he jumped on the first little tractor that was there nobody ever knew he was with a pilot was a guy who played that's just a smooth mother and boy could he fly got done the pretty good pretty good and uh we did get top gun at one time with mug's muckoo and gave my wire planes in order for their survival and that war i promise to take Bethlehem to Israel here as soon as we get rid of this lovely nightmare in right now guys go for one two long go and back to the book 40 miles off south Vietnam April 29th 1975 for naval aviation the problem of Vietnam never seemed to go away Lieutenant Darrell Condor Gary stood before the assembled pilots and reels of VF51 in Darrell's short career he'd been thrown into the air war over North Vietnam before completing his rag training back in the late 1960s as an F4 backseater two tours there and he came home in time for me to pull him into top gun as one of our instructors he subsequently went back to flight school became an F4 pilot and went through top gun as a student before heading out to the carrier USS coral sea and his first overseas deployment as a fighter pilot in 1975 he was a young lieutenant tasked with delivering one of the most painful briefs the squadron would ever receive it fell to Condor to bring them the news that we were abandoning our allies once and for all that's the only time I've ever seen him said I would say keg they are erwin commander about this guy do it actually when in flu cover over the healing copters and healing copters and watch the accident people going out both loads of people trying to get on the carriers and he came back and he just he couldn't he just so upset him there's a print of a man you know a lot of times I read books while in fact I only read books from people's first persons account of war because you know you I want people to understand what it's like to be there and one thing that you do in this book that you do very well is the way you connect the guys that are there with the overall picture and that's exactly what you did right here because so you've got Condor briefing the guys that we're leaving and then you go into this with the last flight to the midway from the embassy grounds 1,373 Americans in 5,595 Vietnamese were helicoptered to the naval task force another 65,000 fled by boat later to be picked up by one of the 40 ships offshore the fixed wing air crowd air lift from Tansong nut pulled out another 50,493 including almost 2700 orphans they were the lucky ones in the immediate aftermath of South Vietnam's collapse more than 150,000 civilians vanished most either executed outright or thrown into concentration camps Saigon was renamed Ho Chi Minh City a memorial to the unknown masses of dead somewhere between one and four million Vietnamese perished from 1955 to 1975 in Cambodia another 300,000 were killed Louseloss between 20 and 60,000 in the years ahead the killing would continue as communist and surgeons toppled the governments of Louseloss in Cambodia from 1975 to 1979 the Commir Rouge a regime that swept to power in the wake of America's exit from the region murdered or starve to death about 2.5 million people out of a population of 8 million more than 30% of the entire nation when Americans look back at Vietnam we remember the domestic unrest we think two of the 58,000 names memorialized on that long black marble wall in Washington those are important to remember but few want to discuss the other consequences of America's lost war You know there's a lot of connections with a lot of different things and I've been recently talking to a guy who's connected to some people that were on this operation when the ship that named the My Guest how do you say it? My Guest. The My Guest was captured by the Cambonians and I'm looking to get one of these Marines on the podcast to kind of recount what happened so it was very interesting to me when I read that you were involved in this so the Cambodians had seized an American flagged and owned cargo container ship now the ship was in Camilla Rouge hands and I'm jumping through just to hit some of these highlights on the afternoon of the 14th president Gerald Ford ordered the seventh Air Force to execute a helicopter assault on Coteang Island and the My Guest The forces landing on the island were to find the crew if there were any while another team helicopter onto the My Guest and steamed it out in the international waters just before the rescue and in Admiral Cougan received a direct call from President Ford and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger. I was with him in the coral seas flag headquarters and listened with great interest. President Ford ordered the carrier to strike targets on Cambodian mainland including port facilities and a nearby naval base, Naval Base. Admiral the president said go get our ship and crew back it's your show. Use all available means but no nooks. I wondered how many times our commanders on Yankee Station the dirt such a command not even Nixon ever expressed such a clear and explicit willingness to let us fight. And so you you know I skipped through this part but you were actually there to take over this this squadron. No airway. Airway and the guy that was running it said you're gonna have to wait a little bit to listen over. Nobody passes up good combat. Excuse me that's portoy support. Yeah. Leadership. Right. Right. The CIA believe that content, co-ting was lightly defended if at all in fact more than a hundred commirus troops held the island to deter their communist brothers from North Vietnam who had laid claim to these patches off the Indo Chinese coast. Armourines rolled into hot landing zones, laced with machine gun and rocket propelled grenade fire. From the ship, Darrell watched a several CH53 heavy transport helicopters took hits one crashed offshore after receiving two RGB RG RPG hits. The survivors were in the water for hours until a gig from one of our escorts pulled them to safety. Including those survivors was the Marine Forward Air Controller who somehow found an Air Force survival radio that he used to call targets for the eight seven course airs overhead, clinging to records. The radio's battery slowly failing. He gave everything he had to try and secure help for the embattled Marines pinned down in the landing zone. Three CH53 Jolly Green Giants went down during the rescue operation. Fifteen Marines were killed on Co-Tang and 50 more wounded during the fire the fighting that rage throughout the day. Meanwhile our attacker crafts saturated the myugas with tear gas and American warship racing to the anchorage with a company of Marines aboard an hour later the assault after an hour after the assault in the island began the Marines clad and gas masks swarmed the cargo of the ship and founded abandoned. We had our ship back but where was the crew. The comir had released them sending them back out to see who are navy patrol planes spotted them. Another American warship steam to the vessel pulled the crew aboard just before the lunch hour. The final act played out through the afternoon as the Air Force tried to extract the Marines from the landing zones. Heavy fire repeatedly drove them off and one battle damage Jolly Green Giants forced landed on the coral seas deck. Our maintainers swiftly patched it up a few hours later went back in action the fighting raged and our frustration level grew. The birds kept taking hits and the Marines were reporting heavy casualties by dinner and air fear force brought an AC 130 gunship and 5C 130's carrying 15,000 pound bombs known as Blue 82's nicknamed Daisy Cutters. They were the biggest, most destructive conventional weapons in the American arsenal. The first one detonated is Darrell noters watched from our deck Darrell saw the enormous explosion followed by a shockwave. The blast unleashed. It was obscured by the island. It obscured the island and swept right across the coral sea causing the huge carrier to shutter from its impact. As darkness fell another Jolly Green staggered out of the moon list night. The massive helicopter carried a crew of five and managed to pull aboard 34 Marines before suffering engine travel. The crew set down on the carriers deck and when it's ramp dropped almost three dozen wounded Marines tumbleed out onto the flight deck. The 15 Marines killed on Coteang Island became the final men whose names were etched into the wall and washington a decade later. Three more Marines declared missing an action on the island were captured by the Cameroos and later beaten to death. After we took our wounded Marines to Subic Bay we steamed south the birth for a 10 day port call. The Aussies welcomed us with great hospitality. We were treated like family everywhere we went. The crew drank and laughed with our friends from down under and put the scars of the war in our rearview mirrors. By the end of it I was so exhausted from all the free drinks and parties that I crawled into my bunk and slept the sleep of a free man. The world was at peace for the first time in 10 years. Roughly to close it out. Roughly to close out the war. Never never let a men's sirt Marines unless a Marine helicopter sets a number one less than we learned or that those were Air Force, Dally Green, Saur, Air Point but they never had inserted and they weren't ready and we heard that Air Force general he heard that operation. I got to fly. I took 12 or maybe 16 I can remember but I went downtown. The capital city. I went downtown. The 500 knots at 500 feet. Right to the downtown shock and I was looking for a sea of any makes came out or whether there were makes there. But when it was over we were just glad. The the corpsmen and the doctors on the carrier did surgery on those 30 Marines and everyone on the loose. It was awesome. Yeah. But the big lesson in that is we had a president who said, I don't know if you're sure. Don't use nukes but anything else goes. Yeah. And he did. That's decentralized command. That's how it's let the frontline leaders make the decisions to win. That's the key. Decision to win until your people will let them do it. They know how. This section here is about the Tomcat. The F-14 Tomcat almost never made it into the world. Thanks to Secretary Defense Robert S. McNamara who loved to think he knew people's business better than they did. In 1968 he tried to force the Navy to adopt the whole King F-111 fighter bomber for use on aircraft carriers. Imagine Sec Deft's Shagrin. When a mere three-star admiral, the head of Naval Aviation at the Pentagon decided to stand in his way. That truth telling sailor Tom Connelly testified to Congress. Quote, there isn't enough thrust and Christian to make that airplane into a fighter and quote. And he won. The Navy avoided being settled with the flying etsl so named by its unhappy air force pilots because of its because it's chief advocate, Secretary McNamara had been president of Ford Motor Company. McNamara took his revenge denying Vice Admiral Connelly a deserved promotion to a fourth star. But the last word belonged to the Navy. It paid tribute to the great man by naming its new world-beating fighter aircraft after him. The legendary Tom Cat was born. Though it fell right in line with other grum and felines in history, Wildcat Hellcat Bearcat and Tiger Cat, the name was the Artful Final Act in a Pentagon dogfight. That is totally legit. The crazy thing is, you know, this is this is McNamara again, you know, with the with the giant ego. Thinking he knows more than people that are actually, that are actually doing little things like landing the aircraft on aircraft carriers in the middle of the night. Fast forward a little bit. Through the post-war years, I was at sea more often than not, commanding an air wing that included four F4 Phantom Squadrons, swells attack aircraft bombers tankers early warning planes and helicopters was one of the most challenging and fun jobs I ever had. In some ways, it is also a naval aviators last to raw with the fleet. Once you get promoted out of air wing command, your flying days are limited. Until that day comes, however, air wing commanders are expected to fly every type of plane in their inventory. It was a hair-on-fire experience. In the space of a few days, I might fly an F4 Phantom and A6 intruder and a helicopter. In battle, I would have been leading strikes and coordinating the attacks of my individual squadrons. The jobs a culmination of everything I had learned in naval aviators career. All the lessons, all the mentoring by other officers, comes in the way an air wing commander chooses to lead his men. Creating a culture of excellence, of openness, and of self-avaluation so that your crews can improve and grow is an essential element to success. That's something every leader should just get out their notebook and write down. Creating a culture of excellence of openness and of self-avaluation so that your crews can improve and grow isn't essential element to success. aboard the coral sea, I used the leadership techniques we developed at Top Gun to set that framework. I let my squadron commanders run their own shows without micro-managing them. That is your life's work of leadership building into that attitude and keeping that attitude that you used the top gun to lead in this other situation. Still works. If it works, why do you? 1976, I stepped out of the cockpit for one last time as a full-time aviator and said farewell to my air wing. The Navy promoted me to Captain and now as a senior officer at last. While it's still get to fly from time to time, the truth was that my days as a combat aviator were over. I suppose it would have been harder to take. Had there been nothing but desks jobs on the horizon for me. Thank God that was not the case. Ronald Wilson Reagan was my commander in chief, the prestige of naval aviation and the military generally was set for resurgence after many years and the Dolgrem's falling that would draw from Vietnam. It was a fine time for a newly minted captain to take command. I was going to see as the skipper of my own ship. Talk about a wake-up call from flying fighters at Mach 2. I found myself navigating the Pacific at 12 knots. On the bridge of a 40,000 ton, 660 foot long behemoth, crude by 22 officers in 400 men. While we had two Boeing H46C night helicopters to help run vertical replenishment missions between our ship and those we service for the first time in my career. I had virtually no connection to flying fixed wing aircraft. It was a big transition for me personally. So you took over a ship and this ship is a resupply ship. I was on board a ship. A Navy ship. So I'd probably been in the Navy for four years before I actually went on a ship for any length of time. I was on board a NLPD, an amphib, and we were out and we were doing for the first time. It was an unrep with avert rep. What do they call when they combine them together? What's it called? Is it a name for it? Same. Okay. So it's an under-way replenishment and a vertical replenishment and then there were doing two ships at the same time. One on each side. When I saw this and like I said, I'd been in the SEAL teams for four years or three years in the SEAL teams and plus you know going through SEAL training, I could not believe what I was watching. This is an insane operation. There's a ship which is the one that you drove is the ship in the middle and it's got fuel on it and it's got food on it and they pull these things along side each other. They're probably 15 yards apart. Something like that? Little more. Little more than that? 120, 140 feet. Okay. So I'm maybe I'm a little bit, you know, I'm maybe not remembering. I'll tell you what it looked like to my young eyes. It looked like we were about the crash. That's what it looked like. And these, they're going whatever seven or eight, ten knots. What's the 12 knots? You're steaming through the sea. These ships are within. What's so what is it? We're talking 30 yards apart. They're 30 yards apart from each other. Massive vessels. They're connected by a by giant hoses that are pumping oil and gas on board. So there's flammable liquid, you know, flowing through these hoses and then on top that you have helicopters that are landing and taking off, bringing gear and food from one ship to another. It's insane. That's a verd, right, man. It's a really good heel of pilots. Oh yeah. Yeah. We always, you know, you were talking about the, you know, air force helicopter pilots or, or for me, the Navy pilots were the best pilots we could get when I, when I first got in the Navy because those guys hovered at over, they hovered over these ships all the time. That's what they did for a living. So they'd come into drop us on a fast rope. They would hold station like it was a joke. They'd be like, no problem. Or sit in here. Well, stay here as well. Right where you want us as long as we can. But the purpose of you being in command of this ship is so that you can understand the logistics of the Navy and how to, oh, sure. How to drive a ship in the hopes that you can do a good enough job that they go, okay, this guy can, this guy can manage an aircraft carrier. And, and that's what they did. It's a prerequisite. Pre-requisite to get you what you wanted or, I guess, maybe the ultimate goal of someone in your shoes was to be in command of an aircraft carrier. And you got it. You got, you say this, the Ranger, which was your aircraft carrier, is my ship now, perched on the bridge, seated in a barber chair with skipper stencil on its back. I watched the bustle of the flight deck from the best seat in the house. I was 46 years old. Still wearing the Ray bands. I bought in Pensacola and the Star of David chain around my neck that was given to you by your Israeli friends. My little mouse from North Island was tucked away in the captain's cabin a few yards, after my chair. These three towels min served every day as a reminder of who I was and where I came from since I first climbed into the cockpit in Pensacola. As you start talking about, so what year is this? This is like 81, 82, on the carrier. Yeah. 80, 80, 81, 82. You start talking about the fact that there's a, there's a drug problem in the Navy. There's a number one problem in my entire time on ships. What's a drugs? And you're dealing with this. You have guys getting in trouble. You have guys trying to kill themselves. I mean, you detail this again from a leadership perspective. It's a great part of the book. And then there's something else that happens that I'm going to go into here. My ship's company suffered a terrible tragedy. A young airman named Paul. How do you say his last name? Taurus. Taurus. Taurus. Taurus. Collapsed and died while we were at Subic Bay about three weeks after we rescued some refugees which you go into. Taurus was a sad story. A 20 year old from Michigan who's time in uniform as a case study in the devastation wrought by drugs in our Navy. Having served for three years he had never been promoted. In fact, he was in frequent trouble and tried to desert twice. His squadron commander disciplined him repeatedly. He was no stranger to our correctional custody training unit or CCU. Nothing seemed to work. He remained an often belligerent hard case who frustrated his squadron commander. I never met this sailor, but his death changed my life forever. The ship had just returned from a five day visit to Hong Kong where he was an unauthorized absentee. He was next in the CCU that April of 1981. My understanding from the Navy investigation that followed his death is that combat. As always, he fought with a couple of our senior pedi officers who then took him up on the flight deck in order to start jogging. It was routine exercise in the swell-turing Subic Bay heat. Taurus had previously been restricted to bread and water as a result of his combativeness. As he was running, he collapsed. Taken below. He began to have seizures. 30 minutes later, medical personnel arrived to treat him, but sadly he died soon after. The Navy determined he had gone into cardiac arrest as a result of heat exhaustion. So this is just a horrible situation. And there's an investigation. They get done with the investigation. You get a punitive letter or non-punitive letter. So you get a letter that says, hey, this shouldn't happen because as we know, a commanding officer's responsible for everything that happens. That's key right there. Five thousand, four hundred guys, and one of them happens to be on drugs. My guys, the medical department made a couple of mistakes. The Mo1 nervous once time was unacceptable. That young fellow is disciplined. On the carrier, I let the squadron commanders run their own discipline cases. And they work a long time to become a commander of a squadron. No doubt. So I let them do it. And his squadron commander that young man was, he was a patty, too easy. A guy had been the mass about four or five times. He should have thrown his ass out of the military. But he just kept going back to his drugs. And ultimately died. And his parents were very successful people in Michigan. And then through the Washington bureaucracy, SUNY, for $8 million, maybe went through grand jury in Washington. They found, you know, I wasn't liable for anything except that you become a political liability in Washington as a senior naval officer. And that's what happened. And I don't think we need to put any of this in. I'm gonna, I've addressed it in the new book. But what happened was, I went, I got a great job out of the carrier tour. They sent me to to a sing-pack fleeing. And I got the current officer job. Which you do cover that in his book. And I'll let you out. Well, no, it's all right. It's all right. I got a phone call from CNN. Is that in there? Yeah, that's in there. Go ahead then. Well, you're gonna cover. I just want to make sure that the three of you understand that. I got a call from CNN and invited me to back to Washington. I flew back. It's been a whole morning at Moldim Watkins, a new sub-mariner. I'd worked for before. He knew me well. And he says, I just spent the whole morning drink coffee and smoke a cigarette with him. And he said, I did everything I could do. And I know it's true because I can cover a collaboration from his what he said, me said. But politically, he said, stay in the Navy. And I'll see you're so like, did I meant so like and for flying? And I looked at the who the opposition was a senator for Michigan. And you can tell it's a tough thing to talk about. And he was going to be Germany armed services committee. This senator from Michigan was going to be chairman Carl 11. And so I was never he's a one that sponsored the lawsuit on the I of the family. He controls five federal judges and I thought shit, it's over. So I went back and talked to talked to a home and talked to my wife and got out of the Navy two weeks later. And I just had a great time. Yeah, it's it's a it's a strange things for civilians may not realize this when you become when you get selected for admiral it has to be approved by a conderson and or yeah and it's like you said it's a very political thing. And I've seen it I've seen get some guys get ripped apart by it. Something will come up and people will protest and it's a political thing. And as you say here that's just how Washington worked. I resigned my staff position and retired two weeks later on March first 1983 after 29 years one month and one day in uniform. It's a it's a you know you talked earlier about how in combat you can make the right decisions you can do the right thing you can have the right plan and you can still something can still go wrong. And it's a very risky thing when you get to those high ranks in the Navy you can do the right thing you can know the right people and you can still get tripped up in that the last the last hurdle by by the smallest by something that's yeah. So transition when I returned to California that spring I felt like a refugee in my own home town. I was almost 50 years old starting over from scratch I needed to find a new sense of normal for me normal is waking up in my cabin to the smell of salt air coming through a brass port hole. It was the heavy jolt of a catapult launch the euphoria of breaking mock one in a vertical climb. It was long beautiful nights night flights across our country and the sense of purpose I felt when we saved lives it's see it was the fear of flying strikes in the north Vietnam the honor of leading top gun alongside some of the finest young man America'd ever produced it was welcoming old friends back from the Hanoi Hilton and holding membership in a brotherhood that defined my entire adult life. In civilian life it was no normal for me. I struggled. My first marriage did not survive the many deployments of the 1970s being gone so much finally drove a wedge between us that could not be removed. I married a second time while serving in surface ships. Every the optimist I guess it wasn't meant to be. I could have gone on to into the defense industry like so many other retired military offers do great salaries great benefits. I refused to do that instead I went into business for myself and Southern California. The leadership principles I learned in the navy played a large role in my success. What business did you get into? I worked in her team and in the street for a while and then I built. I couldn't build anything. She can she visualise that I could build it. We did a lot of beautiful homes and stuff like that. You know you detail the I guess I'm going to use the word. I don't know if this word's been used on this podcast before brace yourself. You detail the romantic aspect of this the way this folds unfolds in the book and it's just a beautiful story about you know Mary Beth you guys you know connect again during all this turmoil and you end up with the girl that you originally fell in love with. So again that's another aspect that you got to you got to read the book to to understand. You also go into the F-35 and what that program consists of and what the shortfalls are and what the shortfalls of the training program can be and what they have to watch out for and like you talked about early the struggles of the top-gun program and you know when you get to it you got to a point in the end of the book here where you start talking about what a winning team. If you were going to build a winning team what it would look like I'm just going to summarize some of the things you say. You say because the basic truth of fighter combat remains the same it is not the aircraft that wins a fight it's the man in the cockpit flying is a perishable skill it has to be practiced constantly and maintained on a consistent basis. My boys will all be dogfighters with enough planes in inventory we can return to the days when any pilot who's who's in good with the senior chief in maintenance control can check out a burn and go find a fight club somewhere off the coast. That's how we'll sharpen our edge and dark fog fighting again. I run through this mental exercise often. I always come back to this our top-gun maximum. What matters is the man not the machine. So let's talk about what a good fighter pilot candidate looks like over the years and thousands of aviators I've known I've noticed the best share some common traits a good pilot would have a multi a patriotic mindset and a self-starting work ethic. He should believe in something greater than himself while remaining self-reliant and confident without being overbearing. Some ego is necessary. I wouldn't want a soul filled without flying in my wing and athletic background helps because when properly coached at the right age youngsters learn trust, teamwork, and goal setting. They'll need all those things in the air. I'll pass on anybody who displays his participation trophies. Self esteem without real accomplishment will make anyone crash and burn. Give me a committed B student with a boiling will to win over an A plus scholar with a careerist agenda and will be on our way. Finally it's important to have a sincere interest in the history and lore of your calling. Good pilot strive constantly for self-improvement. In my first years in the Navy I had the opportunity to meet the World War II generation and hear their stories and lessons. I read every combat memoir I could could and glean a lot of little things from them that helped me in my journey. We lived on the edge of life and death and the margin between them was narrow. I think Jimmy do little bought me a scotch and that's a story you tell earlier because he saw that we had shared residency there. History is a wellspring of life saving lessons. No one really invents anything. Successful leaders recognize those traits and encourage them even at the risk of bending a rule or a jet once in a while. And you close out the book with this. Well that's what naval aviation would look like if I were king of everything. Since I'm not, I think I ought to call it a night. Come on inside. I have one last thing to show you. I kept my 1950s Ray Bands until just a few years ago when I replaced the lenses and gave them to my granddaughter at her request as a Christmas gift. At 50 years I figured it was time for a new pair. My youngest daughter Candace ended up with my star of David and Gold Chain. But I still have my little mouse. After all the C-duty he endured, he enjoys a cushy retirement on my bookshelf. From time to time I look at him and say it was a hell of a ride, wasn't it little fella. He is surrounded by books and other treasured items from my career. But what I value most was my time at Miramar with the Bros. They're enduring friendship or my real treasures, not any physical things in my library. Top Gun will always be the centerpiece of my career and my life's most important accomplishment. None of it would have happened without the Bros or the ever-present hands of God. Thank you. Yeah. You know what you do? You're really my compliments. And you know, it didn't in well. I didn't stay on in the Navy. But I got out. Come over to the desert. Let me host you. Come on over and I'll show you. I'll live. It's completely care we had. I got a home up there and an apartment adjacent to it. It's full of our son, the doctor and his girlfriend who's a college officer there every weekend with us. Life is good. And how I stayed in the Navy had you stayed in the Navy? Who did tell what you did? You know what? I found right afterwards it's in here. After 32 years, I found total happiness. And between us, we've done it all. We've been all over the world. We've got the home. Everything we've done has just been so enjoyable. Well, you know, sir, as I read this book and just think about the incredible life that you've lived. And even when you talk about what you've done since you left the Navy. And it sounds awesome. But no doubt. I mean, without question, the legacy that you left and your bros left in the Navy, in the aviation community, in the military to have an attitude to push the envelope, to take risks, to push back when things don't make sense that is a legacy that will never die. I know that now. It's been a remarkable day. I've done a lot of interviews, maybe a hundred. But I've never done anything I enjoyed more than today. You keep in touch with me. Sir, I admire what you're doing. And you know the philosophy and what you're building the followers. You can make a lot of money on the outside. I know that we've done fine. But you will never. I've got a lot of friends. But you'll never have the quality of friendship. You have with the brotherhood. The brotherhood is sales, UDT, guys, a history. You won't find those out there. The guy called in there to Godfather that when I got out, he kept me going. Not financially, but advice and mentoring. And pray and pray and man. Daryl Gary, if you really want to interview some people, interview Daryl Gary, condor. I won't get into his personal wealth at his bins. But he and he lives a spiritual Santa Fe. That told us. I got to be honest with you. You being here. This is not, I kind of had a sense of what there would be like. I was off a lot. This is really, this is really special for me to listen to the conversation between you and Jaco. I know Jaco and I know you having never known you. I think the way you describe it is everybody knows yank. Look, I was just a bro for three years. And I spent most of my time. I've done so much less than I've been given. It's kind of crazy to sit here and listen to you tell all these stories about all these places. And I've been to every one of them. I was a Marine at Miramar because you guys left in anger to South, took over top Guns Spaces as a Marine. I was a training officer at Top Gun. You could buy count on your hands and a Marine that ever gotten to do that because I went to an air show at El Toro when I was five. And so now I'm sitting here listening and talking about all the things you did and it just adds more to the pile of things that have happened to me beyond my control that let me do all these other cool things that by myself I could have never ever done. And I have a shred of connection to the legacy to read a book and give it to Jaco. Hey man, we might want to do this. I could probably set this thing up and then from the outside watch the conversation between two other people and for the first time in my career start to recognize how much bigger this thing really is than I ever understood because I lived inside of it and I was just working. I didn't know what I was doing. I was just working. It's probably just a short of a top Gun and I was just working and then I left and I want to do other things. And now I'm sitting here learning more about what I did than I ever knew while I was doing it. And it's just another reminder of how much more I have. There's so much how much more I need to learn how much less I know than I should. There's the been the best four hours man to sit here and watch the legacy you built and to let someone like me get a little touch of what that's like to be a part of that has been this has been an awesome awesome. You made it happen you and Jaco you sir. Well sir I've had you locked up in here for four hours. When you finish the next book A at Mary Beth's recommendation I volunteered to read it I'll do the audio book and I'll do this one if you want me to I'm here and when you want anytime you want to come back anytime that any one that you know that you want to have come on and share their stories this door is open it's an honor to talk to you thank you for your service and thanks for coming on today. Thank you for the thank you for the time and thank you be happy on behalf of the boroughs. And with that Dan Peterson has left the building awesome to have him on day thanks for coming by. I was suspecting that perhaps that podcast we would touch on a bunch of things but wouldn't dive too deep on certain subjects that got raised in my head so we're gonna actually have to follow up we'll do another podcast. Well actually the next podcast Dave if you don't mind I want to drill down on some of this stuff because Dan just opens up a whole new world that you know you know and so we'll do some deep dive on that on the next one right on us awesome to have awesome to have a guy like that on here just an honor to be able to talk to guys like that who spent their life trying to get better something we should all probably be doing trying to get better. Echo since you agree yes how would you give us some recommendations on how do we get better how to stay on the path how to improve on the path all right well jockel few is one way to stay on the path all right sometimes we need help we need help on the path so we will turn to jockel feel okay what is this supplements joint warfare these for your joints joint warfare superkrill oil discipline and discipline go also milk for additional protein in the form of the dessert by the way where he keep milk as well for the for the younger ones formulated a little bit different more towards you know the younger ones also jockel weight tea this is less of a supplement by the way more of every day you know beverage scenario when it gets warm out yes sir the cold jockel weight tea is totally legit and it it gives you a little little psychological boost and a little physiological boost take them both utilizing both that's what I'm thinking I'll all agree with Ellen I know I know Dave Burke yes has been pounding cold war every day yeah it's part of my regimen you can smell the garlic it's it's preemptive yeah I don't want to react to the war I want to get out in front of that war I'm going to wage war in advance like cold war absolutely so I I was my daughter a couple months ago is getting sick and I was like hey you know what you take these you know takes some cold war and she says I don't like taking she doesn't like taking pills and I go no problem you know what I'll put some and I'll break them open put it in the glass stirred up you can just drink it bro you cannot do that with cold war you can not do that with cold war it is it was so it smelled so bad it was so offensive to drink because I drank it but it was everything in my power to get it down my daughter said I my daughter this is my 10 year old daughter you know she said I'm not drinking that I said cool I go and I've you know tried to keep them normal face after I drank it was like I just did shot a tequila I was like you should have just said that it snaps see so you know could it could it convey them but more you know inspiring messages for as the taste oh yeah you know actually I don't think it's it snaps by the way there's two things I confirmed with my daughters you can say either it snapped or it slaps the way I don't try and get on it I have the the the the the individuals that are in the game yeah that was I was I got someone you know educated me on it said it was probably it slaps and I kind of recalled a little bit I heard someone say it slaps before it was about a song if I'm not mistaken so I'm like okay it slaps jock will hurt you wrong it snaps I've never heard it snaps I now to put myself on report my kids also say she snapped so maybe I didn't fuse him like if you did a good job on the GJ2 mats did a good arm lock yeah and yeah oh he snapped okay so maybe I mixed it up I'm 48 you're doing I'm 48 years old I'm not just going to the club you know you can get this stuff at the vitamin shop you can get this stuff at origin man dot com yes right much so also at origin main dot com jeans let me talk about the jeans that's important to be on the path with American made denim hundred percent made in America denim Delta 68 and what's the name of the regular one factory factory home yes all at origin main dot com also geese rash guards stuff for jiu jitsu because we're doing jiu jitsu you know people are starting to do jiu jitsu more you know good thing yeah good thing you know no jiu jitsu is way worse than jiu jitsu that is affirmative yes so anyway get a ghee from origin as well because they're American made like we kind of sort of mentioned but that is a big deal and also rash guards joggers jeans like I mentioned in boots American made boots well also we have our own store it's called jocco store and the this is where you can get more rash guards shirts you know hats and bini's merchandise discipline equals freedom you know representative directly of the path so if you want to represent while you're on the path that's where you go jocco store dot com also subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already stichor hi tunes google play you know where we wherever you listen the podcast good subscribe you know stand the game keep the info flowing and this is not the only podcast that we have now we have another podcast first and foremost that was out for a little while it was called the thread it turns out I just was a little too default aggressive just made the podcast got it out there turns out there was another podcast named the thread it's not mine they didn't like that very much so it has been revoked but I'm gonna rename it and we're gonna put it back out there I apologize for the pause in that podcast with Darrell Cooper so we'll get back out as soon as we can I got to think of what we're gonna call it and then get it up and out there we also have grounded podcast which is about jjitsu and the way jjitsu relates to everything that you do in the world we also have the warrior kid podcast for your warrior kids and while you're thinking of warrior kids you can support a warrior kid by going to irish oaks ranch dot com and getting some soap made from goat milk here in California by a young warrior kid making you products so that you can stay clean. That's good too also YouTube if you're interested in watching this podcast as well as listening we'd have an official YouTube channel also this excerpts on there and enhanced excerpts basically echoes weird experimental explosion yes excuse me yeah psychological warfare if you need a little help getting through a mental moment mental weakness go to iTunes Google Play MP3 platforms you can get psychological warfare you can also get visual representations of that from flipside canvas dot com the codemire his company keeping it awesome some books obviously first and foremost we got Dan Pettersen's book top gun it will be available through jocco podcast dot com it'll take you the Amazon like we've got the code the evaluation the protocols they've worked how's your first experience being in the top charts of Amazon there it was awesome man it was crazy and the feedback that's coming in how do you feel about it I feel good about it the feedback's been really good and people are using it the way we hope they would and it's helping a ton of people stay in the game which is awesome when you read through it do you just nod your head and say that feels pretty good well yes and no so yes when I read through the evaluation I think about how am I doing I think I need to get a lot better so is it a little dichotomy going there because I'm I'm stoked on what we did I'm so glad it's gotten out there I'm so glad people are using this but it is a reminder for me and I think for a lot of folks is how much more there is to be it is so rough it is so rough on the ego and so helpful for you as a human being get the code the evaluation is the protocol we got leadership strategy and tactics field manual we got way the warrior kit want to and three we got Mikey in the dragons discipline it was freedom field manual extreme ownership in the economy leadership I guess we're over here writing some books that's what it seems like to me right on if you want to get a little bit of reading done check out some of those books we also have echelon front which is our leadership consultancy where we solve problems through leadership whatever problems you're having in your organization they are leadership problems and you know what you might be thinking well how are you getting things done right now we got EF online EF online dot com it is interactive and you know what I used to use the word interactive to describe EF online it wasn't even close to what compared to what we have now because interactive before meant oh you were interacting with a video and there was there was responses that you could give that would elicit another video it was like a choose your own adventure right now your responses are going to me to Dave Burke to Dave Babin to anyone on the echelon front team in real time in real time we're talking to you yeah so if you have questions if you have problems if you want to if you're moving into a leadership position if you're in a leadership position if you are dealing with a bad boss with a good boss if you have great support it's bad support it's if you want help if you want to focus your mission any of those things go to ef online dot com we are there to help you lead we also have the master there's going to be one in Phoenix Arizona September 16th and 17th and Dallas Texas December 3rd and 4th go to extreme ownership dot com if you want to come we also have EF Overwatch and EF Legion listen if you are a vet if you're a veteran go to EF Legion right now and go sign up so that we can get you work we can put you in companies that need work right now and if you're looking for an executive position if you are a senior individual that retired from the military go to ef Overwatch ef Overwatch dot com and on either side companies looking for front line leaders or senior leaders go to ef Overwatch dot com or ef Legion dot com if you want to support if you want to support a charity organization go to america's mighty warriors dot org mommily marklies mom helping service members helping their families and helping gold star families around the world you can donate or you can get involved and if you want to hear more of my track honi and saliloquies or you want to hear you just can't get enough of echo Charles's fragmented diatribes or you just want to get a little bit more of good deal Dave Berks pure a tannical paragraphs you can find us on the interwebs on twitter on instagram and on facebook davis at david ar berk echo is at echo Charles and i am at jockel willink and thanks to all our service members out there who defend our freedom around the world with a special nod today towards our aviation communities pilots cruise maintenance personnel anyone else Dave that i missed that's it that's who keeps the birds in the fly keeps the birds flying keeps america dominating the air around the world obviously it was an honor to talk to Dan today we thank all of you for your efforts to preserve our air power in the same to our police and law enforcement firefighters paramedics emt's dispatchers correctional officers border patrol secret service thank you all for defending us here at home and also thanks to the doctors nurses and medical personnel who care for us when we need it most and to everyone out there remember what Dan Patterson learned in his life stay home test yourself take care of your people work together work together with your wingman and don't be afraid to bend the rules to push the envelope to take risks in order to be the best in order to be the top gun and until next time this is Dave Burke and echo in jackel out