 This is Jockel Pondcast number 279 with echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening, echo. Good evening. Helicopter blades slashed through the hot sky. The roar of engines deafening as the pilot twisted and turned on our final approach. Crammed into the back with my man, I tried to keep my balance by tensing my legs and focusing my gaze on the machine gun and the helicopter's door. My kit was heavy on my shoulders and sweat poured into my eyes from under the rim of my helmet. My palms were wet as they gripped the rifle. I pulled the closer to my chest and prepared myself for what was to come. The airman behind the machine gun turned to me. His face was covered by a scarf and the dark visor of his helmet, but I knew what he it meant when he held up his index finger. I turned and shouted to my man, one minute, one minute to landing and whatever was waiting there for us. Looking into the eyes of my young soldiers, I saw steely resolve the hardness of the paratrooper flying into battle. I was closest to the rear door which was now winching fully open. There was no doubt my mind that I had to be the first one down the ramp. I had waited years for this moment and now was my time. I'd practiced it over and over again on grass fields, in mock-up structures and on the real things during exercises all over the world, but this was different. For the first time in my life, I was flying into war. Our mission was a simple one to kill or capture a Taliban bomb maker. A bomb maker called Hajji Mohamed infamous for making the improvised bombs that were responsible for the deaths of dozens of British and Allied soldiers. We'd spent a week pouring over maps and aerial photographs of the village in which he was thought to live. My platoon, number eight platoon, on attachment to a company of the third battalion of the parachute regiment, was given the honor of landing first, right in Hajji Mohamed's back garden. It was our task to surround his house. It was a dangerous mission, but as the second counted down and I looked out the rear of the door of the helicopter towards the dusty plains below, I felt the tremendous sensation of both trepidation and sheer excitement. It was a lot of responsibility to shoulder, but I wanted to carry it. The helicopter got closer to the ground, whipping the Afghan dust into the air until it was a thick cloud around us. Ten seconds shouted the airman, holding tightly to a rope. The door was now fully open. The ramp hit the floor with a clunk and a shutter went through the airframe as the wheels touch down. Everyone wobbled but kept their feet. They knew how important it was to stay upright and get off the hea- the hea- the hea- the hea- the hea- the hea- the hea- the hea- the the Taliban had spies everywhere, scouts that reported the movement of helicopters. Every second that we delayed detaining was a second for the enemy to train their weapons and kill those on the ramp. My self and my man picking up the call so that it rippled through the aircraft. And then we were running, greeting our teeth as though that would stop the bullets that may await us. My feet touch down on the Afghan soil and I breathed in the dirt as I ran through the cloud that the helicopters blades stirred up all around us. My rifle was up at eye level and I looked over my sights ready to snap shoot anyone that posed a threat to my men. My soldiers followed me. I felt like a giant leading them from a metal beast into the jaws of death. Except that when the helicopter lifted away and the dust settled, we were quite alone. Nobody home. Shit. I put someone my men into defensive positions and took others with me to search the house. This was still a dangerous time as the Taliban were not above booby trapping their own homes. Other than a few sacks of opium, the drug of choice in those parts we found nothing. I walked back outside and was shrugging off the disappointment of another quiet mission when a whip-like sound echoed across the fields followed immediately by a crack. It wasn't the noise you hear in the films. It was all together more visceral and unnerving. Incoming shouted my platoon sergeant. I shouted at the men to jump into a nearby ditch and return fire. They looked at me unbelieving. It was like being on an exercise on the salt's buried plain except the noises were not the dull simulator. We'd been accustomed to. These were real and violent. Somebody was shooting with the evident intention of killing us. 300 meters away, I saw the enemy moving in a line of trees. I took aim and fired. It was the start of a very long day. And that right there is an excerpt from a book called the Art of Exploration by a former British Army officer named Levison Wood who served in lead combat operations in Afghanistan. But who seemed to have found an equivalent level of excitement and danger as a writer for Tografer filmmaker and explorer. And we're lucky enough to have him on the show tonight to share some of his experiences with us. Levison, thanks for coming on, man. Thanks for having me. That's a good way to start this thing off. Bring back some memories, hey? For again, good way to kick it off. Before we jump into your your career in the army, let's let's start at the beginning. Let's start about, let's talk about your child's childhood and you grow up in England. Sure. Yeah. Stoke on Trent. That's it. Not many people have heard of it. And that's where you actually grew up. Yeah. So I was born and raised in a small village just outside of Stoke on Trent, right in the middle of England, sort of halfway between Manchester and Birmingham, kind of place that not many people sort of travel to. They just travel past it. And I think it was it was for that reason that I was always from a very young age curious about the outside world. I was very keen to get away from Stoke on Trent. It will always be home, but yeah, from up from a very early age, I was always excited by the prospect of traveling out into the big wide world. It was something that not many members of my family had done. But I always knew that there was more to life than the provincial sort of suburbs of my hometown and that's one inspired me. And Stoke on Trent, that's a city where you're in, I guess it was prior to the pits shutting down. You were in the pits or there's a giant pottery factory, right? Yeah. Isn't it famous for making pottery? Stoke on Trent is the heart of the British ceramic industry. It has been for for centuries. And sadly, you know, a lot of those industries, the mines and the pottery industry died a bit of a death through the mid-20th century. So there was a lot of unemployment. There was a lot of poverty in Stoke on Trent in the 80s when I grew up. And so there weren't that many opportunities. Not many people had the opportunities to travel very much. But I was very fortunate to be grown up in a family of teachers, both my parents were teachers. They encouraged this spirit of curiosity. And encouraged me to read a lot. So I read as a young star at all about history, geography, travels, all those stories of exploration of those very hairy men in the 19th century that went to the polls, living stone and shackle-turn and scot. And those are my heroes. So it was growing up, my dad read me a lot of books about exploration, Lawrence of Arabia, people like that. And so I think from about the age of seven or eight, I was determined to somehow follow in their footsteps, which wasn't exactly a very realistic sort of thing to go to my careers officer or say I want to be an explorer. But that's exactly what I did. And he sort of laughed at me and said, okay, well, let's see. Well, I'm kind of thinking you must have been even in a worse position than me. So when I was a little kid, you know, I like rock and roll music. And so when I started playing guitar and thinking, okay, I'm going to write some riffs. But it didn't take me very long to figure out that, hey, all the, you know, if Jimmy Page already wrote that riff and Tony, I owe me already wrote those riffs. So what am I going to do? How am I going to write better riffs than those guys? So you had to be even in a worse position because the way you would explode. Yeah, actually you can make up new riffs. That's possible. But you know, the most of the known world has been explored. Yeah. So you're, you're in a worse part than I was in. Well, my, you know, I grew up with those stories. But I was also encouraged by stories of my grandfather. My granddad was a soldier in in the British army. He served in India and Burma and the Far East, fighting against the Japanese. And he told me these stories, which felt whilst it was still a long time ago, actually to hear them firsthand, somebody who'd been to the jungles of India who'd been to the mountains of, of, of East Asia. That was like my blog for me as a kid who'd never really traveled beyond the confines of the United Kingdom. So that's what I wanted to do. I wanted to go and see, not necessarily go with my Pythelmit and sort of cocky shorts and with a big union flag. But but at the very least, to go and see with my own eyes, the the kind of places that very few people had had traveled to within my own social circle, really. So it started pretty humbly and I'm just going off backpacking and, you know, doing what a lot of youngsters do and and travel around the world on a tight budget. And that was what I was determined to do from from a very young age. Now, what was your relationship with your grandfather? How long was this he saw alive today? No, he's not. So he passed away when I was about 18. So, you know, but growing up it was like, say it was those really exciting stories and pretty gruesome stories. I know. Like if you were in Burma fight with the Japanese, good Lord. Yeah, and he was not only that, he was on pretty much one of the first ships into Japan. He was part of the occupying force in Japan. He was based in Hiroshima after they dropped the A-bomb. So some of his stories were just like, you know, crazy. Yeah. And what about your dad, did your dad, um, wasn't your dad in the army as well? So my dad was in the, he was a reservist. So, you know, throughout the 70s and 80s, you know, his period, it was, it was the Cold War. So he, you know, he likes to tell me he was off fighting the Russians and Germany, you know, it, it, it really, you know, realistically he was, he was out there. A lot of digging trenches on the plains of Germany, but obviously no, no actual fighting. But, but yeah, he always encouraged me to, to take an interest in the military. And, um, it was things like, you know, he was a cadet instructor and so on. So I remember growing up, you know, he'd sometimes bring his rifles back over and things like that. And, uh, as a kid, he'd give me a uniform and if I was, if I was a good, good kid, he'd give me an extra striped for, and if I was naughty, he'd hit, hit, hit, hit, what off my arm? So that's kind of, that was how I grew up. Yeah. And, what, when you, um, were you a, you're saying that you're reading all the time? Mm-hmm. Does that mean you were a good student? I was, I think I, I was always curious and, and that helps. I think that's a good stuff. You might be the first person on the podcast. That was a good thing. We ever had any good students on here? Everyone's never just bad students, myself included. So, so you were reading and you're doing pretty good in school. Your parents were, so both my parents were teachers as well. She'll, yeah. And, one was history, one was English, and, and people go, oh, that's right. And I was like, no, no, I didn't do it. I didn't do it in your homework. Um, were they teaching in your school? No, they weren't. Was your dad teaching in your school? No, no, no, no, so that, yeah, I think that helped. I don't think I would have liked having my teachers, my parents, as my own teachers. But, they, they got you on the reading path. And I, it must be, it must be something born. Like, you just must have been more naturally curious than me. I was like throwing rocks at my friends. No, I did that as well. Yeah, I mean, I think I, I was definitely a bit of a rebel. And I got a lot of trouble as a kid. I think I was just naturally inclined to, to be curious about history, particularly in that. It was, it was reading about, you know, the ancient Greeks, Alexander the Great, the Roman Empire, the Vikings. It was those sort of exciting, quite, you know, quite masculine, manly stories that, that really inspired me to sort of take an interest. And, and I did from a, from an early age. And of course, it's, it's those sort of things that you read and then develop. I mean, one of the first books that my dad read to me was, was a children's version of the Odyssey. And I thought, you know, one day I'd love to go off on a ship and explore the world. You know, I mean, hopefully not lose all my men in the process. But, you know, but yeah, I definitely thank those, those early years for my, what I'm doing now. So, the weird thing about, well, one of the big differences about England and America is the schooling system and kind of the way you test to get into certain levels and my wife's a Brit. So I have some idea of it. But you, so you went to what, what, what, pain's Lee is that right? Pain's Lee Catholic School? That's where you went to. Yeah. So it was a non-fee paying. It was just an ordinary state school. But it was, you know, as a Catholic school, the Catholic schools were, we're not sometimes, you know, considered better in, in some ways. You know, a real bent-ward science. That wasn't my bag at all. But good teachers. And, um, it was one of those schools that that you can, you can flourish in with, with the right attitude. But, but also you can get a lot of trouble if you don't have the right attitude. And I, I sort of do both. What, what, what sport were you playing? Um, so I wouldn't say I was hugely into sports. I, I preferred, I was into athletics. I was a good runner as a kid. But I wasn't, wasn't really know for its team sports. And that kind of frustrated me in, in some ways, because, you know, I knew that I was kind of, sold on the idea of the army from probably the age of about 11 or 12 in fact. So I knew that I should probably be doing rugby or something like that. But it wasn't really unauthor in my school. So I had to be creative with, with what I was doing. So I took did a lot of personal fitness, did a lot of running, like I said. Um, I was interested in boxing from the ongagging that that's something that I took up. And, and that followed me into my army career as well. So what age, you start boxing now? Um, I mean, I was training from probably 15, 16. Um, when I went to university at 18, I was in the university club. And then, like I said, did it throughout the army as well. So I know you, you went on like, uh, this is, I don't know if Americans do this or not. They go like traveling. Yeah. That's what you all call it, right? My wife did it. Oh, traveling, right? And so, and so you did that, too. Like, in America, you graduate high school, then if you're either going in the military or getting a job or you're, you're going, there's no traveling mode. There's no traveling thing. Echo did you go traveling? No, sir. No. We're not going traveling for a year, but it's real normal. Oh, yeah. And it's something that is now. You know, when I, when I left school, it was 18 in 2001, um, yeah, I knew that I wanted to join the army. And I was sort of, I really wanted to go to Sandhurst and go in as an officer and done. But because of my background, I wasn't, you know, one of these posh private schools, I hadn't, you know, necessarily got the sports background. So I knew I needed to do something that would give me a bit of an edge. And it was, it was a joke drinking an Australian. Yeah. That's exactly that. But it, it was actually a stroke of, unfortunately, not. So when I was a kid, I was, I was doing every odd job going. I worked in factories. I was in shops. I would even flip burgers up with Donald's just to try and get some cash together. I flip burgers at Wendy's. So we go. Yeah. It's got to be a kind of a building still making of great military leadership, flipping burgers, get some. So I was doing all of that to try and earn a bit of bit of cash before going to university. And one of the jobs I was doing was working as a theme park, um, the place called Altantowers. And I think, you know, I was basically, I must be on one of the rides upside down and I lost my wallet, fell out my pocket and I was a bit upset because I had my entire weeks earnings but about five pounds in. So it's quite surprise. A couple of days later when the wallet was returned in the post. And not only was the five pounds still in there, but there was also a note from the person who would found the wallet. And it was actually signed off. There was a note saying, don't be such a, you know, I won't say the word. If it's just an asshole for losing your wallet, keep, keep better, sort of carry your belongings. It was signed off by a certain lieutenant. Day in the odd in the Royal Artillery. And I thought, oh, that's a nice, nice guy. I was not everyone who would return a wallet. And so I, you know, I did the right thing and wrote a thank you letter back. I feel like I know what I said. You're lesson is cost new five. That's mine. So I said it, but it, because I was already interested in the career and they always said, if you got any hints or tips on how to get into Sandhurst. And by return of post came back a six page essay with all of these really great tips. It was like, you know, go and learn how to read a map and use a compass. This is how many press ups you need to do to pass the fitness test. All this really useful advice. But the last sentence is something I'll never forget. But it could said above all travel dot dot dot, because at the end of the day, you'll have some great stories in the bar and the mess. So I took that to heart. So I decided based on that letter, which was all the, this serenity of the results of me losing my wallet, that I was going to go when, do what we call an Englander gap year, which is exactly what you say, go drinking Australia. So my, my, I told my dad and he said, what on earth is a gap year? This wasn't particularly popular, you know, that time. And I said it, you know, it's going to go find myself on the beaches of Thailand. And he said, well, if you do that, you can go get yourself a bloody job. So that's what I had to go and start earning more cash. And, but eventually, I did, I went away backpacking. And at the age of 18, you know, to literally just disappear off the first place I went traveling was actually in South Africa. I was just pretty, pretty dodgy, you know, in that time, which is in Bobway, which, which at the age of 18, it was the first time I'd had a gun pulled on me by a taxi driver who tried to rob me. So it was all really quite, you know, sort of, it teaches you a lot about independence. So what do you learn about how to handle getting a gun pulled on you by the taxi driver? Well, you can't just throw that out there. I think we're just going to let it ride. So, so I've been in the, so you're in the bar, so it's in Bobway. I was traveling, I've met this random Dutch dude who was much older than me. I was 18, this guy must have been 2930. He was backpacking as well. And we were on the same route. And we got off the train as place called Bulloeway. And we sort of got into a taxi and asked the price to whatever the, the next bus station. And he said it was going to be $40, which is in Bobway, has dollars. So, $40 is equivalent of about $2 US dollars. And we like, yeah, and it brought me. So we put our bags in the trunk of the car off again. And it was like two minutes round of corner. We thought, okay, we got out and he said okay, $40. We got the Zimbabwe dollars out and he said, no, no, you rest dollars, 40 US dollars. And we thought he was joking. And laughed at him. He said, no, no, police handling is Jack, it pulls out a piston, said 40 US dollars. And we're like, oh, shit, okay, well, I don't have 40 US dollars. I'm going to budget about $2 a day. So we said, okay, we'll pay, but let's get our bags out. And it was quite a busy crowded sort of car park. So we got our bags out the boot and this guy's Dutch guy, who's called it, you know, called a hefty fella. He said, okay, come over here and the taxidol, I'll be put his pistol in the car, he got out. So he's on the arm at the time. And this guy just sort of, as he got his bag on his back just headbutted this taxi driver, right? And then looked at me and said, fucking run. So I ran and we escaped. But this guy then we jumped in another taxidol, drive. So, but the original guy was chasing us through the streets of, of, a bullet-away. So I had my first, not only my first sort of gunpulled on me, but my first car chase at the age of 18, which is all pretty wild. But it was those early travels that sort of encouraged me to sort of, yeah, be careful, be independent minded and start to think about looking after myself. What are the chances that you made it back through the first year of travels? Well, well, after that experience, it was all fairly tell you, I have to say, but you know, getting joined in Australia. But it was no, it was great. And it was probably that first year of travel really that motivated me to want to do more. Because, you know, I popped from that, that one sort of moment, it was usual backpacking stuff. But throughout my time at university, I went to more and more challenging and interesting places. I went to, in my second year at university, I was studying history. And my particular interest was the history of travel writing. So I looked at Marco Polo and his travels. I was reading about the Hippitraele of the 1960s, the great pilgrimages, all the big overland journeys. So I tried to make all my studies around that. So in my summer leave, I would try and go to the place that I've been studying around. So after one particular module, bear in mind, this was in 2001, just after none 11, had happened. So there's a real focus on the Middle East. And that was a place that I was fascinated by because of the history. But also what was going on in the news at the time. So me and a buddy decided on some of that we were going to go and travel around the Middle East. This was in 2003. So it was a second year at university. The Iraq war was happening. And we said, okay, we're going to go to Egypt and just have a look around that we're going to Israel. And then when we were in Israel, there was a bomb went off in Jerusalem, caused the borders to shut. So what we plan to do was take a boat from the coast, from high-fer to Greece, and then go back back into Europe. That was all now not on the cards. My parents thought, I thought, maybe I might make Alex, we're actually on holiday in Greece at the time. Anyway, so they had no idea where we actually were. The only board that was open was to the East to Jordan. So we went to Jordan. And then we were in Jordan, another bomb went off, which meant that we were stuck in Jordan. The only board of the end was open. It was actually further east, which was to Iraq. So we took a taxi from the capital of Jordan, a man all the way to Baghdad at a cost of $20. This was, I was 21 at the time, or 20. And I was met by a national guardman on the border who said, to have joined by a gun. He said you're going to need it. Wait, you're going to go. This is 2003. And we got to Baghdad because it was the only route that was open. And we went in 2003, August. So the war is it's on? It's on. Yeah, combat operations are just finished, more or less. But before the main insurgency had begun, but stuff was definitely exploding around us at the time. And what part of this idea sounded smart to you? Well, we didn't have another option. We couldn't afford to fly home from Israel because we had their money. And we thought it would just be a bit of an exciting adventure. And so we made it to Baghdad, but then we stayed in the hotel Palestine. Oh, I know where that is. That's freaking crazy. We couldn't afford a night there because it was 100 bucks, which is a lot of money when you were a student. And so we thought, okay, this was just after somebody had just shot the top of the hotel because they thought there's an Iraqi assert in Surgeon. It was actually a camera crew. So we thought if we can sneak up the fire escape up the ladders, then we can just sleep amongst the rubble on the roof. So we did that. We got into the roof and then there happened to be a UK, a British film crew filming a newspiece on the roof and they said, you know, what are you idiots doing here? And we explained that we are sort of backpacking through the middle east. And this guy's, I don't remember if we were to get his name Martin Geisler, who's an ITN correspondence, said, look, you must be the first tourist in Iraq. Tell you what, if we can do a newspiece about you, we'll pay for your room. So we ended up staying for a week because we couldn't get, we couldn't get out of Iraq at this point. And eventually we managed to escape by hitching a ride with some former SAS mercenary security guys who were doing the route up to Crete, which was before Saddam Hussein had been captured. So we actually had an intercrete before Saddam whilst he was still down his little hole. So eventually long story short, we got out to Turkey and then eventually did find it. Final way back to Europe. Major amount of survivor bias on this whole thing. So anyone that's listening, you have to overcome this survivor bias, I'm going to recommend not particularly following this extreme level of let's just go for it. What are you carrying in your backpack? It's little as possible, you know, a shemag just so we could kind of blend in. We had to go to the local market to buy you sort of traditional how many liters is your backpack? Just a day sack. So we were talking about 20, 20 liters. You've got a 25 liter backpack. Yeah, that's it. That's it. And we even put that, you know those sort of plastic big bags, this sort of check check ones that people go to the market in it. Okay. Just so we didn't stand out and we bought those shiny shirts and black shoes that they were in the middle east so that we, you know, I'm quite sort of fairly dark in. So we could blend in and it worked and we were just sort of walking on the markets of back down and you know, it was fine. Do not try this at home. Do not try this. I did some of my parents still about sexual pleasure. So then you finally, so then you finally get out. How do you get back? You just hitch a ride with some wind. We hitched a ride. Contractors? Yeah, ride it to the untouch border and then we'll hitch the way home to the UK. How long is it to hitchhike these days? I actually, I was hitch out last week actually in the States. And you got picked up pretty fast. Yeah, it's fine. It depends where you are. But I, you know, I used to love it because it was a great way of meeting interesting people. And in fact, when I, it's also a great way to get kidding. It can happen. It can happen. But I think what my trips at taught me was you got out of a bit of faith in human nature. You have way more faith than human nature than I do. I've done too many, these five guests to be jumping in vehicles with random people. It's weird too because when I was a kid and I don't know, I guess I'm 10 years old as a new, maybe, yeah, something around 10 or 12. But when I was a kid hitchhiking was very normal. Yeah. You'd see it all the time. People, you know, you go get on the highway. Yeah. I hitchhike and there's no big deal. If I miss the school bus, we hitchhike. Yeah. You go on things like that. Yeah. But nowadays people, people are more scared. It's way more scared. And I guess that's part of that is just there's more news is more prevalent. Well, like when someone gets kidnapped and freaking raped and murdered, you know about it. Whereas in 1978, it was just no factor. No. In your mind, that didn't happen to people. You trusted human nature. Yeah. Yeah. And all this is taking place while you're going to college. So you're the worst. You have nodding him. That's right. Yeah. So I stood in history every summer we'd go off and do some crazy adventure. But it all kind of built up really to when I graduated in the summer of 2004. So I still desperate joined the army but I'd got the travel bucket at the stage. So I wanted to sort of do something even bigger and better. And because I've been studying about these overland journeys, I decided I should really do a bit do a really big one. And so I thought I'd want to actually hitchhike all the way to India following the ancient Silk Road and following the footsteps of sort of market polo. So I did. I hitchhiked from, I put my thumb up at notting them service station and five months later somehow made it to go or in India. And that was a wild journey because it went through all of Europe through Russia and through the Caucasus. I was in Chechnya. I went through Iran, Afghanistan and Pakistan over the, you know, over the Kiber Pass and then and all of that, you know, I was fascinated by the stories of Victorian exploration, great game, particularly in Central Asia. Afghanistan was very much on my radar then because the Brachomia just sort of made deployments in Kabul. It hadn't, things hadn't really kicked off in the south yet at the stage but so it was probably a fairly, you know, safe as it gets an Afghanistan to go traveling there. But that was a journey I really really wanted to do and and so yeah, if I went and again very similar thing, I just went with a small day sack. I had no money, I had total of 500 pounds in my bank account. There was the all those left from my student loan and I thought I'll see how far I can get and it took five months. So I was just, you were eating? Well, a lot of 500 pounds feeds me for like a day and a half. It does, it does mean now. But the hell are you eating? So not very much, I was pretty skinny. So yeah, I was, I was just, I kind of, maybe I was a bit reckless but I was just really pulling my faith in human nature. So I hitchhiked the whole way. Usually whoever I was hitchhiking with, you know, I was 21 right. So people look, and when you tell them what you're doing, they think you're either mad or they feel sorry for you. And off the back of that, I got invicing to people's homes, you know, I met lots of girls that were here. But people look after you and often they would stuff $10 into your pocket on the way out or fill your bag with apples or whatever it might be. So I think actually came about with more than I started with. Okay, so I'm starting to think, I'm starting to feel like maybe things are different in life for you and me. I'm just saying, maybe you're a sweet looking guy and I'm not. The last time somebody tried to slip me $10 was never. You think I get invited into people's homes? That doesn't happen. So you're, you're living a charm to life. I'm over here. I feel like the world might have been against me this whole time. If I put my thumb out as you did, there's no one's going to pick me up. Zero. The percentage of people that picked me up is zero. Yeah, I wouldn't happen these days for me. I don't think. I think it's definitely a thing when you're younger. It's it's formal like it. To happen. I don't think I would. How many pairs of pants are you bringing with you? I went fully light scales. I like to use brand the pants of your wife. I had one pair of pants, a couple of shirts. That's it, really. It was great. The freedom, the liberation of it all. It was brilliant. I was just sleeping at the side of the road. I had one poncho. Sorry, I had a bivvy bag. I had a ground pad. I didn't even have a ground pad. I was just, if somebody didn't invite me into that home, I would just sleep on it. I mean, in Russia, I remember sleeping in the middle of this roundabout because it was a busy city. There was nowhere to stay. I couldn't speak a word of the language. I just found this roundabout. It was a really gray industrial area. It was quite cold. It was a roundabout. I saw some top-end plastic sheeting as a perfect. This was going to keep me dry because it was about to rain. Gunned this top-end. I heard some rustling. I thought I should have shittled some rats in there. I looked underneath. There was actually two other homeless people sleeping under this bag. It had to move from there. It was sort of experiences like that. I looked back and think, what I thought was like doing. At the time, it felt like it was a big ground adventure. Again, what did you eat? Whatever I can get my hands on. I was usually one meal a day. I tried to budget it so I had three dollars or whatever per day to spend on food. In a ran, I remember I ran out of money in a ran. I think I had five dollars left. I knew I needed to pay for a visa at the Afghan border. Not only had I had my money in a ran, but I was going into Afghanistan completely penniless. I had it like one traveler's check, but you can't change any sort of Western traveler's checks in a ran because there was a big embargo on all that stuff. I remember staying. I went to this small hotel in the middle of the desert and explained to this. The Iranians of lovely people, and they're very, very hospitable. Everyone else had looked after me, but in this particular place, there was more than the Russians that had let you sleep in the free place. What are our damn? That restored my faith in Russians because I'm like the Russians didn't help you. Come on. No, they did. Honestly, I was like, it was tough for a Russian than a lot of places. Thank you. It was definitely, you know, going across the border into Georgia was great because there was a start difference there. So you're rolling to wear it in Iran? Well, I mean, a place called Mashad, which is a big holy city on the near the Afghan border, nowhere to stay. And I found this one hotel, like a motel thing, and I explained to this guy, said, look, can I have a room? I've got five dollars, but I really need three dollars to get the Afghan stamp because it was that so much of gossip. He said, look, you can stay for free on my office floor and I said, if you got any food, he said, no, there's no food, but I noticed there was a wedding sort of party happening. He said, just going to help yourself to the leftovers. So score. You know, there's always a way, there's always a way. But yeah, I ended up in Afghanistan, literally, no money. But I knew I'd been told that the Afghans are pretty hospitable. And they were, I mean, it's to sort of hitchhike across the whole country through her rat. I went through the central mountains through Chadsharan, Bamiyan, and an end up in Kabul. How are you as a kind, being able to cash that traveler's check? How are you overcome in the language barrier? By hand signals. I mean, I had a pretty good bid at that stage. So the places that I was traveling to were ethnically tragic because I was, I'd got a pretty good town of the beard. Everyone thought I was a pastor and so they all, they all sort of kept the distance because they thought it was a Taliban. But as a result, they were quite, you know, they kind of looked after me and, yeah, it was fine. And then where did that trip end? That ended in India. So maybe it through Afghanistan, always be Pakistan and then finally made it to the beach and go where I sort of shaved the beard off and finally had a beard and celebrated still being alive. Once again, I'm over here, look, I got four kids. And my opinion is don't try this at home. I'm glad you did it. I'm glad you're telling me about it. I'm not encouraged you people to necessarily be the same. No, actually you wrote an entire book telling people to do this stuff. So I'm going to disagree with you. It comes with a disclaimer. All right, speaking the book, I'm going to go back to the book here for a second because at some point, well, before I jump into that, you, you, you, you get into Sanhurst. So what's the deal with Sanhurst? Sanhurst is not like West Point where you go there and you go to college for four years. No, Sanhurst is 12 months pretty much. That's 44 weeks. Spread over here. You, it tends to be mainly graduates, so people who've finished university, but there is, you know, it is open to people who haven't necessarily been to university. And you spend 12 months or then you commission into whichever regiments or call that you, that you choose to join. And how hard is it to get in the Sanhurst? Tough. Yeah, very tough. I started my application process. I think I was 17 when I went into the career's office with my dad. You then do the, what was then known as the Regimental, sorry, the RCB. Basically, the selection in Sanhurst, so you have to go to a place called West Bre where you do all these sort of command tasks, lots of interviews, mental arithmetic, all this sort of stuff where you're tested for your aptitude and your personality. A lot of it's about leadership, but showing that not necessarily having experience in leadership, but the potential to develop your leadership. Is there any other ways to get your commission besides going like in America, you can go to West Point or the Naval Academy or whatever, or you can go to ROTC, which is you go to college while you're taking classes about whatever branch you're going into, or you can do Officer Canada School. So there's, or you can be a prior and listed guy. Yep. And you can get commissioned. How does it work in England? So all offices have to go to Sanhurst. Even if you'd done O's, I was an O's, you see whilst at university, so I did three years there. Is it a different school for that army versus the Navy? Yes, so this three, so Sanhurst is for the Army, then you've got one down at Portsmouth Fort for the Navy, and then you've got Crown World, which is for the Royal Air Force. Yeah. But you're gonna go, if you're gonna get a commission, that's what you're doing. I want, yeah exactly, you've got to go Sanhurst. And so for me, it was quite, I'd heard about it, my dad had encouraged me, he didn't get into Sanhurst. He wanted to join his as a reservist back in the 70s, didn't work out for him. So I felt like I was, and my grandfather was, you know, he was an elicited private soldier, so there was no history of officership within my family, although I think there were five generations of soldiers previously, so we'd all served him one way or another. So to go to Sanhurst was a real privilege, but also a big challenge, because there was, it was quite a daunting prospect, you know, I was from a pretty normal background, and then suddenly I was in the same platoon as Prince Harry. So I was, you know, surrounded by a totally different type of people that I hadn't necessarily met before. Lots of people who'd been big in sports who'd gone to a very prestigious universities, but I could say it's about leadership and demonstrating the potential to be an officer. Now let's jump into the book. Um, I passed the Army's commissioning board, which meant I could join his officer and command men, something I found both exciting and daunting. A young officer's training takes place at the Royal Military Academy Sanhurst, and when I arrived there age 23, I still wasn't sure where I wanted to end up. After visiting as many units as they want to see where they might fit in, officer cadets can select two regiments to have interviews within their final term. So before you go to Sanhurst, you go and meet with various units to see which ones you like. Yeah, you do think cool is that? You do these sort of familiarization visits, and they can be as formal or informal as the regiment chooses. So, you know, a lot of the cavalry units, which are known to attract quite posh well to do officers, they just go on a drinking bench for a weekend. Over units, you know, the engineers or the artillery do slightly more, you know, craft-focused exercises. The powers I didn't, I wasn't, I didn't look into the powers at this stage. So I, I got to visit my local unit, the Stafford's, I looked at the Gurkers, and I went to look at the intelligence course. So you go, you basically go and have a look around, see if it's the right fit for you, and it's a two-way thing they might not like you, and so you don't come back. So now you show up at Sanhurst, back to the book Sanhurst was hard work, and the late nights, ironing my uniforms, the parades, and long-accadeping assay, academic assays were only part of it. There was a lot of running marching and being shouted at along with field exercises, rifle ranges, and blowing things up as well as learning the more subtle arts of our officership, fancy dinners, the intricacies of letter writing, and knowing the debrets guide to etiquette inside and out. It was an interesting and varied education, the debrets guide to etiquette. Yeah, I, I didn't know, this wasn't, I don't know what it is right now. So it's basically a manual of how to behave like a proper gentleman. Give us one example. Well, it's, you know, it's, I mean, the basics of, you know, if you're going to a seven-course meal, it's like which, which knife and fork do you start with first? Yeah. It's how to write, you know, if you're writing a letter to a member of the Royal Family, how do you address them? So when I, I would to officer candidate school, and this is only 13 weeks long. So you, but you do get etiquette training. I believe the only thing I remember, this is a weird thing to remember. Echo Charles take notes. This could be important. Because I, it surprised me. If you get a piece of food in your mouth that you didn't want in there, the proper way to get it out of your mouth is to put it back on the fork and put it down. So in other words, if you, if you're eating a piece of chicken and there's a bone in there, you don't pull it out with your, with your hand. You, you put it back on the fork and you put it down. Now I think it's a lot more subtle to, you know, put the hand up. My face grab that thing. I'm like, no, I'm never going to know what I just did. As opposed to spitting the food back on the fork. Right? That's kind of, yeah. But hey, that's the tradition. That, that the rules. But that, so in regards to that, what if, so it has to be something like a bone, like, hey, I, I'm a piece of gristle, you're eating this steak and there's a piece of gristle that ain't going down. Yeah. What are we going to do? Put the fork back next to your mouth. This is a legit look. I'm not, I'm not even following this protocol. Because I think that's a lot nastier. I'll clan destine move. You won't know what happened. But that gristle is coming into my hand. It's going to be somewhere on the ground. Make sense. But what if, and this might go outside of the scope of even what you're talking about, what if you eat some chicken, that's like dry or like, well, you know, some new food like an S-car go or something like this. And you're like, oh, first time. Did you start liking it? I don't like this at all. Do you spit the whole S-car go on the fork? Or we have to go. Well, I have to consult the Nebraska. Oh, you said that's a good bread guide for, I don't know what to do. I think you're in a tough spot. Yeah. I had that happen. I was, I don't like seafood. And I was with, I was in Sierra Leone. And I was, there was stuff going on down there. And I was with my commanding officer. And there was like I said, there were things going on. We were trying to figure things out. So we get invited. And I was like, it's a little sidekick guy. I was a priori and listen guy. But I was, had been commissioned as an officer. And he was just really taken care of me and showed me the ropes. And so he gets invited to go see the charge da fairs, which is the number two underneath the ambassador in the country. Unless there's no ambassador in which case they're, they're the, the bleed. And in this particular case, there was no ambassador. So this individual was the lead. So we roll up. And this isn't Sierra Leone. There's a freaking war going on there. The Ekomog versus all that craziness is happening in Liberia. It's just, it just mayhem down in Africa. So we roll up to this like really nice house and every there's servants in the whole nine yards. And the first thing they put in front of me is some kind of crazy like, just like, like, you mean like, no, it's like octopus shrimp and like raw fish all in one thing. Yeah. And I'm trying to do what I remembered from, you know, adequate, which is you eat whatever, you know, they're putting something front of you. They went the distance. And so on, I was just, I sucked it up, bro. I did it for the good of the mission for the good of the YouTube. All right. Little detour there back to the book. I also took a boxing. Everyone had to be part of a sports club at Sanhurst. And I wasn't into rugby or rowing boxing seemed like a decent choice. Initially, I hated the 430 AM starts. But as fitness started to, as the fitness started to impact on me and I felt myself improving. I came to relish the early morning alarm calls. Plus there was the added carrot of the annual fight night in which the most dedicated committed boxers were chosen to fight, watched by the whole academy as well as the string of generals, politicians, and VIP guests. I was incredibly proud to be chosen as one of those fighters. And on 9 November 2005, I stood in the ring surrounded by over 1,000 people face to face with officer candidate, Mortimer. I won the fight by knocking my opponent to the ground, but I'm not retelling the story to discuss the win. I had a huge respect for my opponent and the opportunity that came next to a road simply from having stood in the arena. After the fight, all the boxers were invited to the sergeant's mess. A club of sorts, where many of our training instructors lived. This was a huge honor because it was because this particular mess was usually out of bounds and the sergeants themselves were only seen in their context as authoritarian figures, all muscles, tattoos, and shaved heads. The fact that we privilege few were allowed into their private domain was viewed with absolute envy by the other cadets. The sergeants crowded round the fighters and congratulated us all on our performance, victors and defeated alike. As I finished my second pint of beer, I found another one thrust into my hand. Looking up, I saw it was capped and true it. The sandhurt representative of the parachute regiment. Congratulations, Wood, which regiment are you joining? He said, sternly, I hesitated momentarily before applying. I'm not sure sir. I was looking at the staffers or the int corp. So until. Saw that, he said, you should join the Paris. My look of surprise must have been quite apparent. The Paris were the most fearsome soldiers in the British Army. I'm not good enough to get in the Paris, I thought you needed to be a muscle bound machine to get in. It wasn't even all my radar. Sit down the captain barked. I sat on one of the little stools by the bar, beer still in hand. First two rounds of interviews have already been done. He told me, we had over a hundred applicants and now we're down to 20. I don't do this very often and I won't ask you twice, but do you want to interview? I sobered up pretty quickly. My entire future rested in the balance and all sorts of thoughts crossed my mind. What about the staffers? They seem like a nice enough bunch and the intelligence corp. They did some interesting, spy-related work. It could be a good start to my career, which would allow me to travel too. When it came to the Paris, there were a lot of unknowns. As a regiment, they are shrouded in mystery and are considered to be one of the countries if not the world's most elite military units. I didn't know what to expect and I didn't think I was capable of joining their ranks. The temptation was to play it safe and stick with a more achievable goal. I knew what I was getting into with the staffers. If I agreed to an interview with the Paris, I would automatically have to turn down one of the other options since you can only interview with two regiments and the Paris had the toughest selection of all just peaking the intelligence corp. If I turned down the staffers and failed the board for the others, I ran the risk of not getting any of my choices. I could end up being a blanket stacker in logistics corp for the rest of my career. The captain was staring at me. I'd like to interview Sir. I told him expecting that it would take place in the coming weeks. Nope. Captain Truitt launched into a formal interview right there at the bar, grilling me about my own motivations experiences, education and skills. On other 15 after another 15 minutes he stood up, shook my hand and told me to report to his office at 6 a.m. the next morning. And that's what I did hang over in all. I was fast tracked to the final eight and then at the last interview with a panel headed by some of the most senior figures in the British Army. I was offered a place in the Parisian Regiment. That's how I got into the Paris. Yeah. I mean, in hindsight it's those little moments isn't it? That can change your entire the course of your life and it was that drunken moment in a bar that boxing is what got me in and that's probably if I hadn't had joined the Paris, there's no way I would have been able to do half the stuff I've done since then. Let alone have the confidence to go and spend ten years exploring the world. So I'm glad I took it up and I'm glad I took the risk. And you made that decision and split you literally hadn't thought about the Paris at all. I haven't even been on my radar. And you fought maybe you weren't quite capable of doing it. Is that what kept it off your radar? I think until that point, I mentioned there the Staffordshire Regiment which was my local regiment and the intelligence corps which was very difficult to get into more from an intellectual capability. So I felt that in having the the ink corps that was going to that was quite a big risk. The Staffordshire was slightly more guaranteed in many respects. So the Paris, you know, like I say, I'm not the sort of biggest muscle bound guy in the world and looking around at some of the other guys that had been in the Paris, there's quite a there's quite an aggressive mentality to get in there and and like I said, there was a hundred applicants for only six places in the end. So no, it hadn't been on my radar but I think the boxing which had encouraged me to just have a bit more confidence is what did it for me. So at that and then the the probably the drinks I'd have for the in the bar at the time. If you were to say no, he'd hand it to another shot. Probably. Do you keep in touch with this guy? Yeah. He's got freaking change your life. He did. Yeah. He actually he sent me a message on LinkedIn the other day which is quite a coincidence because it's not heard from him for for quite a number of years and I mentioned that he was going to go in my book and he said, why? I said, well, actually so you were it was you that I can thank for all of all of what's happened. And then what about the guy that found your wallet? Naces guy ever. I've tried to track him down. I can't find him anyway. One day I'll send him a nice letter back. Yeah, it's just a good reminder to people to everybody. You know, you have the opportunity to like completely change people's lives and and just by doing something cool and nice and freaking those those guys. I mean, first of all, giving you your wallet back and your money, that's kind of crazy. But then just giving you all a six-page essay on how to move forward and and you know what's look not everyone's going to take you up on your advice, right? And you give people advice all the time and you might get sick of doing it and you think, well, it's not worth it. But you change one person's life and you're a perfect example of that of your world changing because these momentary decisions and momentary mentorship from people. It's unbelievable. It's awesome. I mean, let's get to the pair as a little bit, going back to the book to join the parachute regimen candidates must undergo a tough selection process called pre-paracute selection run by Pegasus company, which is usually referred to as Pico. Pico company. Yeah. Based at the Infantry Training Center in Cadric, North Yorkshire, after 21 weeks of training candidates are put through a test to design, to test the resilience and determination, including a 20 mile endurance, March, late in with a 16 kilogram pack and a rifle in under four hours and 10 minutes and intimidating assault course, which is what you guys call obstacle courses. How many of you do call them assault courses, too? Let's go with the Salt Sounds Way, Coulok. 17 meters above the ground called the train azium. And 60 seconds of milling. Milling arguably the flagship event of parachute selection is a boxing match between candidates of similar size and strength in which determination and aggression are awarded and dodging and blocking lose points. In short, it amounts to being punched hard in the head for a minute straight while trying to hit the other guy as much and as hard as possible. If either combatting sheds blood or knocked to the floor, the clock is paused, blood wiped off and about resumes. It is forbidden to aim at any part of the opponent's body besides the head and the winner is the most aggressive candidate. Milling is designed specifically to replicate, quote, the conditions of stress and personal qualities required in a combat situation and test quote determination and raw fighting spirit of the candidates. It is this raw spirit of controlled aggression that sets pairs apart from the rest of the army. Good times. Yeah. How do you go to YouTube on that? I just want to see Milling. It's pretty cool. It's freaking legit. It's freaking legit. Just go as hard as you can. It's such a huge audience. You're on a delta-rated aggression punching straight to the head. You can't back off. You can't turn away. If you turn away, that's you. If you screw you in tight career, it's all based on that worm movement, especially as an officer. If you show any weakness, if you if you cow her away, you won't get in the regiment. So you can have spent months doing all the other training. You can have passed all the interviews, done the test. I know guys that spent six months who were perfectly capable of doing everything else and then they were just a bit weak on the milling. That was them done. Do they actually fail? Yeah. And you're not in. And then you're not in. Then you'll get sent some more else. Did you have to like rearrange your brain from your boxing training to not you know, peri and slets very different. Yeah. Because I would think your instinct would be you'd be slipping and moving and head movement and everything that you've learned to be a good boxer. You have to throw out the win. And there's no training for milling. The only event that you do, you don't practice this at all. The first time most of the blocks actually mill is on their tests. So you're you're giving your gloves and you're told the rules and you just go ahead. I mean it's a great spectator's ball. Yeah, this is definitely a busy behavior for sure. It's everything like that the UFC wants. Right? Just punch each other as much as you possibly freaking hand. How often do you guys get knocked out? A lot. Yeah. Like it's every other one. This guy's going down. I mean it's it's pretty full on. I mean, especially the officers. Because you're in with the the enlisted guys as well. So there's probably, they're saying 90 enlisted guys and like I say six officers and they always with the officers. I mentioned in there that you're usually put up against the person of your own size and weight. Officers, that's not true. They put you up against the biggest guy out there. So I was up against this this huge guy and it's all you take your top soft. It's all done. You know, so you can really get the full the full experience. And I was up against this huge guy and I was absolutely terrified. Probably because I'd already had my boxing match show, you know, it's handhurt and which I'd once I was quite proud of myself undefeated one. One would win. And then to go milling where you're surrounded by not only your future brother officers, but also, you know, dozens of men that you will go on to command. They're all watching you. All their eyes are on you. So you know, you've got to put on a bit of an act, a brave face of course, but you don't want to lose. And thankfully I did win. And it was only afterwards. I mean, I was I got a lucky punch and not to be guy out, but it was only it was only afterwards that he came up to me. He'd much told me much bigger than me and he was like good fight. So he said, I'll be honest. I was terrified of sight. He's serious. Like I'm literally half your sight. He said, you were the same person. But, G-C, well, no, he just said, you're a parachute region officer. I was never going to win against that. And I think that it's the mindset is an mentality. And so he was bizarrely, it was nothing to do with physical presence. It was far more against, you know, it's just that what's going on in your mind. And for him, it was to be up against an officer was was was a big thing. Damn, they played that game in the seal. So you give the young e-dogs, it's shot at the title and gets off through that officer better. Hey, no, I was just going to bring it. The other cool thing is I was watching the videos. It's like basically the ring is formed from the crowd. Yeah. And it's small. What is it? It's probably looks like like you don't move it. You don't move your feet. You don't move your feet. You're just stay still. I got a good dive. How much did you wear at the? I was probably 80, 75 kilo, 80 kilograms. Yeah. What are you challenging it? I'll leave now. Really. Going back to the book, nothing worth having comes easy. And we will need to work hard to achieve things that we want most out of life. Whether this is learning a new skill or advancement in our professional careers, we need to be prepared to stay the course and keep working to our goals. No matter which obstacles appear along the way, when I was on my way into the parachute regimen, I busped up to cataract for my pre parachute selection. At that point, I had no idea what the next 20 or so weeks would look like for me. All I knew was that they would be the most stressful demanding challenging of my life so far. But I had a goal in mind. I was determined to earn that purple buret at the end. The recognition of my achievement and my initiation into one of the world's elite fighting regiments. That level of drive is absolutely crucial. We can't give our all to anything if we're not motivated by the end result. And if we're not giving our all, we've no chance of sticking things through when the going gets tough. Over the first few weeks of selection, it was pretty clear that a lot of people didn't have what it took. Some couldn't handle the rigors of training and fell behind. Others decided that enough was enough and dropped out of their own accord midway through. I had my own moment. When I fought my time on selection was up. I came down with a shin injury that sent me back behind the rest of my cohort for a few days. I'm able to join in the rigorous drills and knowing that when I was back in action, things would be exponentially tougher for the time I'd missed. I'd wondered if this was worth it. I started thinking about what my life would be like if I failed selection. Probably not all that bad. I could probably go and reapply to one of the armies other more sedate regiments than what. Have a fairly average military career. Perhaps go on some go to some interesting places and do some interesting things. But nothing grabbed me about it. Even more so when I considered a life and career outside the army, having just passed out of sandhurst, I couldn't for a moment contemplate the prospect of a civilian life. All I wanted was that maroon beret. They kept appearing in front of me every time I closed my eyes in a way it would have taken some motivation to present myself to one of the officer's running selection and tell them that I wanted to drop out that I couldn't do it. But I had no desire to do anything besides recover, get back to training and persevere through the rest of selection. So that's what I did. I pushed myself harder than I'd previously thought possible. Quickly making up the ground, I'd lost on the rest of the cadets. I remember my fear of heights being pushed to the background when I tackled the transenium. My 60 seconds of milling past and such a blur, I can't remember them all. Besides an overwhelming need not to hurt the person I was paired with, but to prove to him and everyone looking on that I wasn't one for backing down whatever the circumstances. Perhaps I'm fortunate that I was born with this amount of grit and determination. It's not always a positive. I've been told many times that I'm a stuttered as a mule, but up there in the cold, wet, windy, cataract, these inner reserves of drive, vision, grit and resilience pulled me through and I got the beret I've been dreaming about. It's hard to think how different my life would have been without it. One of the reasons I wanted to read that little section was there's a point where you're doing a little bit of rationalization. Like, oh, you know, if I don't make it, you know, like, well, probably might not be that bad, you know, and I not to put up with this. I hear people rationalizing stuff all day long. It's matter of fact, there's a TV show echo truss. It's called lost and they basically take these people out in the middle of nowhere and buy yourself. I think it's called lost. No, it's called alone. Sorry, it's called alone. They go out and they put these people. My little daughter who's 10 at the time, she got really into it and we would watch it. And so you can quit at any time. You can keep your radio and send out a transponder and they come and get you. But you'd be listening to the people and you'd hear them start to rationalize. You know? And so I taught my daughter. I said, you know what they're doing right? They should be able to breath. Oh, he's rationalizing. You know, because you know, the guys just know it's a, you know, I like being out here and I love the nature, but you know, I really miss my family. You know, I realize that my family's more and I look at my little daughter go, what's he doing right now? Rationalizing. He's about to quit. So I like the fact that you started going down a little bit down that path of rationalization. And then you said, you know what? No. Doesn't work. I think, you know, we're all to the prone to it to to varying degrees. And when when things get really tough, you know, they're elements of doubt do have a tendency to creep in and you just have to fight them. You have to sort of try and look at your situation objectively and realize what you're doing. And that rationalization thankfully is is is is outrightly sort of castigated in the parachute regiment. And you're reminded stop rationalizing. And the instructors, it might sound like they're shouting at you, but what they're doing is just reminding you not to give up. So thankfully it's stamped out pretty quickly, but a lot of it's on your own shoulders. You know, nobody wants you to quit. You know, the, the unit needs officers that need soldiers. They don't want people to leave. They're not telling you to quit. They're telling you to not quit. But so it's down to you. And people do this with every freaking thing in everyday life all day long. Like that last rep or that donut that you're like, you know, I did work out. I did work out hard. And it's actually it's really good to board yourself. It's good to have a positive feedback. But I did work out hard yesterday. And yeah, I want to be said, I don't want to be in a grind all the time. You got to enjoy life. Yeah, right. Displaying, because freedom, how about the freedom part? Here's the freedom part. Leave it down. You can rationalize anything. You can literally rationalize anything. If you're if you're not freaking careful, you will rationalize stuff that's not good for you. So you, you get done with this train. Is the milling like the last final thing to close to the end? It's close to the end. I think, but the most important event of all is something called the log race. And basically, there's a big telegraph pole. I can't remember how much it weighs, but it's bloody heavy. And there's like eight, eight people on each log. And usually one or two officers on each log. And it's a race. So you've got four logs or however many. How many days is it, too? No, it's just it's one event. I think it's the second to last day or the final day. And it's basically you are. You'll set off. It's about, I think it's three miles or something like that. And it's a race between the different groups. But you've got to stay on the log. If you come off the logs and officer, that will stay with you for the rest of your career. I know generals who are in the 17 is still reminded by their fellow officers that they came off the log in 1975. It happened. So you're made aware of this. So you used to, a couple of officers did come off the log. I stayed on it. There was only two people left on the log and this thing is bloody heavy. There's only two people left. Yeah. And so you're pretty much dragging this log up. So are you saying off the log? What do you mean? Like you start off? People just fall off and they just pass out. I mean, it's really heavy. You start with eight. You've got to, you know, like say two and a half or three miles on an off-road course. It's up these, you know, through through rivers and all this sort of stuff. And, uh, usually by the end of it, there's only like top couple of people left. Oh, really? Yeah. But there are other people still graduate. Uh, they do. But if you fail to events on P company out of the 20 or so events, then you're off the course. So when I was, I was later in instructor on P company, usually with the soldiers, at least with the recruits, there's only about 10 or 11% pass rate. So we'd start off with a platoon of 90 or 100 recruits and we'd pass out 10 or 15. So that's how it's off at this. Yeah. Yeah. And how long is the whole training 21 weeks? Uh, yeah. So if we're on a log and we're going and I've passed every event, but I, you know, don't carry the log. I've go to the side or whatever. Yeah. I can still be a pair of only few, as don't come off one of the other events. So if you fail, let's say the assault course of the train A'sium, which is the area of assault course where you've got a sort of jump across the high nets and things like that, then you'll be off the course. So you can, you can get all the way to the end of the, you know, the course. And if you come off, if you fail two of these events, that's you off, then you'll get sent to another regiment. Is there a time limit on the log? Uh, imagine if there's only two of you left. Like it takes some time. It takes, it takes a while. Yeah. It's staying on is most important and not just giving up. In the seal training, you carry a log. You spend a lot of time with a log. But you also spend a lot of time with a boat like these little boats that that used to be made out of rubberized canvas. So they were really heavy. They're a lot lighter now than they were a good injury. But what's interesting, so when I went through, you know, you're carrying the boat on your head a lot. And this is sort of why I thought you were saying, you carry the boat on your head a lot. And you know, if we're all in a boat crew and there's eight of us in the boat crew, it's possible to sort of like shrink your head down a little bit and release your posture a little bit and not have your head carrying any weight, which means that everyone else carrying the weight. So when I went through it was like a sort of like it was happening and you'd see someone doing it and it'd be like, you'd hear people yelling like in another boat. Get your brick and in another boat man. Well, they didn't have this, but they haven't now. They have, you can actually you get written up for what they call duck boat. So they'd be like Charles, you're ducking boat. And you can get like a damaret. They didn't actually call it. They didn't have a name for it when I went through. But now they have a freaking name for it because it's like, it's like you're coming off your walk. You're not with the team and that's not cool. Well, we have the same thing. I mean, because we have that there's a stretcher race. So the same sort of thing where you carry a stretcher for five miles that one. So you can get through to the, as certainly as an officer, it's more apparent. But if you can get through to the whole course, even if you stayed on all of the events, you can get what's called a stand-up fail, which is basically you're still standing up, but you're failed on your attitude or personality. So you can still get a booted off if they don't like you. Yeah, that's as it should be, right? Because there's some non-conifiable leadership policies that some people have or don't have. And if somebody gets someone that's looking out for themselves and just trying to step on everyone's back to get to the top, we don't want that guy on the team. Yeah. So you get done with that. And now you show up, you show up at the regimen. More or less, you're still going to do the infantry battle school. So there's three months in Breckin' in Wales where you then go and do, no apologies, that was first, P company, and then yeah, that was to the unit. Yeah. So I joined the unit in 2006 just as they, my three power of getting back from Afghanistan on the first tour. So it was a pretty, that was a pretty punchy tour as well. And so Europe just, you know, it was, you meet, it was new me, straight in charge of 30 more veterans, and that was quite daunting challenge. Yeah. What was your, what was your, what lessons did you learn from that? Um, well, I'll never forget the day I was, I took over my pertune. I met the guys and you know, you sort of towards its handhairs that you're going to have this sort of general Montgomery moment where you're sort of, you know, standing on a land Rover, sort of addressing your soldiers as they're all on parade. Doesn't really work like that. I sort of walked into the barracks and they were all like bed. Oh, could I speak to the guys? So they all came together and there was a corporal, a couple of cram tree, Chris Cram tree, big guy, and said, sir, can I tell you a joke? He said, yeah, go on. And he said, how many, um, sangin veterans? Does it take to change a light bulb? I don't know. He says, of course you don't know. So because you weren't fucking there. Oh, thanks. Welcome aboard. But it was, no, it was daunting. But, you know, I felt prepared, you know, sandhurst, the injury battle school, peak and it prepares you. It gives you that confidence, you know, milling, boxing, all that stuff. So whilst it was like, quite something, I'd already, I'd hitchhiked through it, I've got to start, you know, a couple of it, a couple of it, a couple of it. I think when some of the guys started learning some of my stories, they had a slightly more respectful, than they probably could have had. But it's a big challenge, you know, you've got to prove to you, man, they're not going to, they're not just going to follow you until they know you're not, you know, not a dick, basically. How long is it? Your, um, what's the training like now the guys come home? I'm sure they stand down for a little while and then they'd say we got to get ready to go back. So I think the turnaround was about 14 months before the next deployment. So there was a little bit of downtime. There was plenty of opportunity for the guys to get some rest and do things like adventure training. And I mean, there's the story in the book where, as a junior officer, the planning officer said, this is the kayak. What is the kayak on you? Oh well, go ahead. So basically the CEO said, like, all the new officers, so the six guys that we'd all just come out straight out of Sandears, you guys pick a sport each and then get all the guys to go and do something fun. So I said, okay, well, I was looking at sports and all my colleagues at, I would have pretty much chosen what they were, they're sort of chosen sports were. So somebody did soccer, football, somebody else did, you know, ran the rugby team. My only sport, of course, at that time was boxing, but three parrots already had very well-established boxing teams. So there's no way I could go and join that. So I was sort of scrambling around, thought, okay, well, I'll just do kayaking. It sounds like fun. You know, I had done a bit when I was a kid, so I'll do that. So I went into sort of, you know, as for volunteers, I got six or seven very unwilling volunteers from the soldiers because they'd rather be on leave, but they'd all been told they had to join one of these clubs as well. Now, that's when things started getting competitive because the parrots being the parrots, the commanding officer sort of then threw into the ring, he said, look, you've all got to apply for, whichever sport it is, apply for a competition and you've got to win it because you're parrots. So you were just thinking, we put together a kayak. It was better than fun. And we'll go out in the river and we'll have some fun and exactly. It'll be all good. You can probably travel. You see, you're always trying to find some scam to travel. Exactly. Yeah. But then he says, hey, I want competition. So, and I was based on place of colchester in Essex. Now, there's no sort of particular venue to go and learn kayaking in colchester, pop from the local canal system. Now, this is winter. So, I basically managed to get hold a bunch of these boats and we were out paddling in the frozen, dirty waters of Essex canals. Now, there's like shopping, probably floating in the water. There was like, you know, the homeless guys sort of taken a leak off the bridges, we were going under it. I mean, it was that kind of, it was pretty grim. And so the guys were not particularly inspired by this by this whole project. And I was trying to find a suitable competition to enter and that the main kayaking competition in the UK is basically a race. It's a hundred mile race along the tembs from a place called Henley to Westminster. It's called the Devises to Westminster race. But that wasn't until May, which was we were meant to be back in the training cycle plan. So, the other thing I think are, for find, it was over these two weekend, which was the army canoe polo championships, which was in a swimming pool, a pool in a town called Luldershop, which is the home of the parents. And so, I applied for this competition. They were like, yeah, we don't normally get power as applied, but find, turn up. So, after we, you know, we done like several weeks training the guys were just about competence in staying in the boats without falling out. But, you know, bile means none of them could do a proper escape of all at this stage. So, we turned up on, on Easter weekend. And the guys were all really annoyed because it was Easter weekend. They wanted to be a home with their families. And we found the swimming pool attendant that the guy was running the competition. He said, oh, you're didn't expect you to turn up. And we got now about to set right again the pool. And we look at that, where's all the other teams? There was a measure of like six other teams entering. He said, well, it's Easter. Obviously, nobody's bothered to do any people here. So, he said, well, what does that mean? He said, well, you've got the gold medal. So, out of all the teams that, in the Paris did all these sports, we were the only ones to actually win our competition. Obviously, we didn't need to tell anyone that nobody else had turned up. We'd won by default. But it goes to show, you know, if you, if you, you've got to be in it to win it. So, it's the speed. Now, you guys are going, do you know that you're preparing to go to Afghanistan? Yeah, we knew. We knew that. So, in the deployment was in the spring of 2008. Especially off the back of the first tour that they'd been involved with the Paris or the first of the whole British Army to go into Southern Afghanistan into Helmond and it was like I say, it was a, it was a very kinetic tour. There was, there was a lot of stories coming out of it. So, there's, there's a lot of things to live up to. So, yeah, so we deployed to Helmond and Canned Har and we were on something called the Regional Command Group South. So, we were basically the rapid response unit to go and fly in helicopters to wherever they needed us. And it was a pretty varied role. It was, it was interesting because we weren't in one of the four operating bases, like two parrots who were stuck in in one of these fobs for the whole six months. We were bouncing around all over the place. Which meant that we would, you know, one day we'd be doing a raid on the Taliban commander. Another day we'd be helping the local police builder. Police station, another time we'd be going out, clearing the opium. You know, so it was a really interesting, varied role. But it did mean that we all had to get our heads into this, you know, 360 degree battle space, hybrid warfare, noted two days were the same. And so it was, it was quite a complicated environment in which to operate. What did you turn over, where did you get a turn over from somebody when you showed up there? Yeah, we did. I think it was the role Marines who were in there before us. But the role itself of, of RC South was pretty undefined. So, it was pretty much whatever the brigade commander said we'd go do. So, it might be the first job that we did was in a place called Maywanda. We had to go and clear this, this town of any, any Taliban elements. I'd read about Maywanda from my, my days doing history. And this was a place that the British Army had been in in 1842. And it turns out we were stationed in the same fort as the British Army 150 years previously. So that was pretty, you know, interesting from somebody who'd studied the region. You go into some of your, some of the operations in here and some of the leadership really lessons that you learned, which are great lessons. I'm going to the book here. Once on operations in Zabul province in southern Afghanistan, my platoon was given the mission to search a village for a known terrorist recruiter. For the most part, this involved being invited by friendly women for tea, scanning their kitchens and gardens with metal detectors, and then being cursed and told the house belonged to an absent uncle. As we dug up room and removed caches of weapon. After walking around all day, we were low on the water and needed to get back to the helicopter pick-up point, which was five miles away across the desert. As we were leaving the village, I noticed a group of men huddled under, huddled around under the shade of a mulberry tree. They looked shifty and stared at us as we walked past. One of them wore a white turban and had coal around his eyes looking like a Taliban leader. I got the translator to say hello and ask their names, which he doly noted. I reported the names by radio to our intelligence cell and they said they were all clear, so we left the men and trek back across the desert to where my boss was waiting. By now, the whole platoon was exhausted and thirsty. We had not had time to eat all day and the temperature was over 50 degrees Celsius, which is like a hundred and twenty degrees Fahrenheit. One of the soldiers was beginning to wobble and I expected it might be heat exhaustion. Then to make matters worse, my boss came over. Left, you know that group of men in the village? Yes, well, the one in the white turban. The insell now says they want him in for questioning. What the hell? I reported his name on the radio and they said he was clear. I know they screwed up. So what now? Well, we've got two hours before your helicopter comes, go and get him. I shook my head. I had two hours and it was 10 miles, a 16 kilometer round trip. In the paras, we have a well-known physical stamina test known as the 10 Miler, which is a punishing speed march while carrying kit. They can be hard work at home in the rain, but out here in the desert, low on water, I knew it might be deadly. I looked at my man and could tell that half of them weren't up to it. They were exhausted, but orders were orders. I figured that I could do the job with 10 or 12 men, so half of the men could stay behind. I knew that in order to do so, I had to get them to buy into the vision and feel ownership. So instead of barking out an order, I gathered my section commanders around. I told them the situation and asked them what they thought were the best options. A lesson I learned early on is that even if you already know the answer asked the question, it makes people feel valued and part of the team and decision-making process. It doesn't matter who gets the credit for the decision and when you take your own ego out of the equation, it's amazing what happens. Sir, I have an idea, said the youngest corporal, why don't we leave half the men behind and take some of their water? I'm sure we can do the job with 10 or 12 men. Men, that's a great idea. I said padding them on the back. He grin from ear to ear, and I made him the point man. I need 12 volunteers to come with me. I said the rest of you can stay here. The men looked at each other. The new would be one of the hardest tabs of their life, and that it would be dangerous because the Taliban now knew our strength and would have time to prepare an attack as they saw us walking back across the desert. Private Foster, one of the new soldiers put his hand up. I'll come sir. I need the exercise he joked. So Vester was next. Then another and another because we had a strong team bonded with trust. I had no shortage of volunteers. Even some of the men who I knew stood no chance of making it started to put their hands up because they felt ashamed, but I already had enough. We redistributed the water, gridded our teeth, and marched back across the desert to the village where we found the man in the white turban arrested him, and marched all the way back again being chased by an angry mob of Afghans. It was a hard slog, but one of the most determined team efforts I'd seen in my career. To top it off, we later found out that the man in the white turban was at the top of the regional most wanted list. That victory and a shared hardship cemented the bonds of the Paltoon even stronger. There was nothing that my men didn't think they could accomplish. legit, I get it. Often I'll get asked, you know, how can I get my team to buy into the plan? I was saying, but then come up with the plan. Simple as it. Let them come up with the plan. That's what you do. That's something you say you learned it. Where do you think you picked that up? Was it something that you saw the instructors doing at San Hurst? Is it what your sergeants ran thing? Ran things? I'll give you the honest answer. I was actually, I watched a series called Shop. I did if you've ever seen it. It was about, thanks so. It was basically about the war at the Peninsula War in the 19th century. It was basically a military drama series. It's often referred to a military circles because it was a fun war in the sense that it was in her. What's the name of this musical shop? Richard Shop. As an SHARP. So an America-We'd say, what you're saying right now sounds like SHARP. It's all good. I'm married to a Brit. I kind of understood it. So shop is a military officer. He's a commander in the rifles and basically often cited as a sort of figurehead in leadership. But I remember watching that as a kid and thinking, he does exactly the same. When did the series come out? Oh, it was back in the 1990s. This is an old series by a group watching shop. I think that was probably where I first saw that style of leadership. But again, of course, it was drilled into a soundhorses and in training to bring your team into the plan. If you've got a vision that's great, but you've got to get people to buy into it. I think empowering people, letting them take ownership of those ideas is the best way of doing that. Totally agree. Yeah, a lot of times even if you think you have the answer and you ask the team what they think, they're going to come up with the better answer than you had in the first place. Exactly. So it's like, why not just ask them? Yeah. And I think ego is often the downfall of a lot of leaders in some ways because it's when you, when you sort of, when you think that, because I'm the leader, I have to have the answer. That's when things go wrong, especially in the military context. Yeah, 100% 100%. That's a, that's a killer. Leadership is the most important thing on the battlefield. So also pays to be lucky sometimes. Another little section back to the book. One day we were setting up a temporary encampment on the outskirts of a lush valley. I got the call from my commanding officer that a vehicle had been blown up a couple miles away and I was to take my puttune out on a rescue mission. Our armored cars had special tracks that could go over any kind of terrain. We drove them across the desert and up to the top of an escarbman where the location of the explosion had been reported. As we got closer, I looked through the front windscreen and could see the remains of a land rover blown to smithereens. I was expecting the worst as there should have been four soldiers inside. I called the team medic and told him to get ready to treat any surviving casualties. We stopped short by 50 meters in case there were any other bombs nearby. And when I got out of my vehicle to my absolute surprise and joy, I saw that all the men were fine. When the landmine had exploded, it had sent a shockwave through the car sending everyone in it flying out onto the ground. They were all alive and seemingly unharmed. I asked them if they were okay and a part from being dizzy and shaken. They not had been walked over to where I was standing. There was space in one of our three vehicles. So I put the men in the back of the car at the front telling the lead vehicle that we should reverse back out of the danger area because we might be in a mind field. It seemed like a sensible option. So that's what we did. Making sure that we stayed exactly in our own tracks until we were well clear of the flat plateau. At that point, my three vehicles needed to turn around so that we didn't get stuck in a bottleneck between two large cliffs. So the front vehicle did a three point turn and pushed around the other two so that it was now facing forward again in the lead. We all did the same and drove off down a track back towards the encampment and by now I was in vehicle number two where the commander should always be. Then just as we left the scraggie bolder field, there was an enormous explosion. And I felt the shockwave hit my own car. After a second of deafness and ringing in my ears, I looked through my windscreen to see a massive cloud of dust as it cleared. I realized what had happened. The point vehicle had driven over another mind. And to make matters worse, it was the same four soldiers who had been in the first explosion. I shouted down the radio telling everyone to stop exactly where they were. We're whilst I considered the situation. I could see bodies lying in the dirt next to the car, which had the front end rip off of it. Now I knew I had to show some real leadership. And there was only one thing for it. The metal detectors were in the car at the back and it would take them a good 10 minute to clear the path between the cars. Let alone get to the front where we might have had heavy casualties. I got out of the car, pulled out my bandet and began to crawl forward, stabbing the sand in front of me to check for mines. Luckily the car in front wasn't too far and I was able to cover the distance quickly. I reached the car and to my relief found that yet again by some miracle everyone was alive. And what's more uningered? One of the soldiers stood up, dusted himself off and looked at me stabbing around in the dirt. What are you doing, sir? He laughed. You won't find any Taliban down there. It was a lucky day. Made even lucky. You're as I was filling out the daily report back at camp when I found out that my team and the remaining vehicle had been tasked with denying the half blown up cars that meant going back to the site and blowing them up properly with explosives so the Taliban couldn't make use of them in the future. It was a simple task and I was told that I should remain behind with the other platoon commanders so that we could receive our orders for the next day. As the team were driving back, they too hit a land mine and the empty commander's seat where I normally would have been sitting was completely destroyed by the explosion. You can't be a leader unless you're willing to put your team ahead of yourself when circumstances call for it. This requires moral courage and integrity the building blocks not only of great leadership but of a fulfilled purposeful life. Just out there digging for mines. There's a lucky day, a very lucky day. And no one got in your seat, no one got in your vehicle commander seat. Yeah. That was a, yeah. I look back now and thank my lucky stars that, yeah, that was a very lucky day. What was the uptempo? So like how often were you guys running out and going out on missions? Well, because of the nature of the job, we were like I said doing different things. So we'd go out and clear a valley one day. We might be out for a week and we'd come back to Kandar. We were based in Kandar area based alongside the Canadians for the most part. Most of the Brits were either in Bastion or in, you know, one of the fobs. So it was quite, I mean, Kandar Harb, Erbase, you know, had a Timmy Horton's coffee and a pizza hut. It had a burger king. I mean, it's a bizarre, it's a experience. So you're out there getting blown at one minute and then you're in, you're in with the, with the remps as we all, you're like to call them another and it's such a bizarre thing to get your head around. But we weren't in that long, we'd stay for a few days. We'd regroup, we'd clean ourselves up and then we'd get back out there. And we did some really fascinating, you know, operations. We did, according to the news report, at least, we'd just want the biggest airborne assaults of the entire, of the entire war. We flew to, into the bull with, kind of how many shunooks, it was like, 10 shunooks with Apache support to do a full battalion level assault. And stuff like that when you've got, when you've got right at the varker, he's blaring out of the speakers. It was pretty energising to the saber least. Equally, you know, we'd be out there helping rebuild a school painter, painter police station in the next shows. It was quite, it was, it was challenging on different levels. It wasn't that we were getting as many fights, because actually the guys in the fobs were getting attacked every day. They weren't immortal every day. We'd often go for it for a week without fire shot in anger. So it wasn't necessarily the, the intensity of the fighting, certainly for my tour. It was more of the variety and the scale of what we were trying to achieve. How long was the deployment in total? Normally there's six months, I needed four months because I was at the end of my tour as a bazoon commander. So my replacement was sort of brought in and then I had to move onto another job. So that's when I went to be a, an infantry at the recruitment centre. I was then a directing staff sort of recruiting and training recruits back where I'd done my training before. And that's a historical deployment for, for the paras down there. I know I was doing just some reading about it. Yeah, had a corporal Brian bud. He was posh, he was the word of the Victoria Cross. Sounds like he just led a flanking maneuver against enemy Taliban fighters and it up being killed, but was able to suppress enough fire that the rest of his team could maneuver. There's another guy named Corporal Mark Wright awarded the George Cross. Pretty, I mean, just you read the story. It's unbelievable story, heartbreaking story, but there in a minefield, there's guys wounded. He's, as he's trying to get his guys out of this minefield, like what he's singing happy birthday to one of his friends. That's, you know, in a really bad way and he ends up dying wounds, but I mean, just a just of incredible bravery and upholding that tradition of the paras, you know, to this day. Awesome stuff. When you get back, I know you mentioned in the book that you were considering going to selection for the special forces. And then, well, that was the, that was the natural progression. Like I say, after the tour, it's considered the next step is, is most of the officers then go to back to Catric to then train the next baz of recruits. I mean, it wasn't my first choice. I didn't really want to go and be in the wind of the rain, training recruits. I would have loved to have spent more time in Afghanistan, but that's the way it goes. You know, in the army, so I was up in Catric. I'd say them on my morale was sort of flagging a little bit because I would actually, I wouldn't say I necessarily enjoyed Afghanistan. Well, I'd do, I live, yeah, I did quite enjoy some of it. But that's why I joined the army. And so I was there. I thought, okay, well, you know, a gov-especially forces selection, that will be the next thing. So, past all the initial tests and it was meant to be going on the full selection in January 2009. And I was at my peak fitness. I was good to go. And then I made the era of going to see my girlfriend in Mexico who had a ranch. And in a bout of silliness, I decided to get on the horse and do some rodeo on her ranch. The horse threw me over a six-foot war and I broke my leg a week before I was meant to be on selection. So, I had to sort of limp in back to the barracks and obviously I was told I couldn't do selection. Needless to say, and what was worse was all of the jobs for the next deploy, which was going to be happening in a few more months, had already been taken. So, it was a crux point in my career and I was like, well, okay, do I stay and then do a job that I don't enjoy for two years or do I look at this as an opportunity? And it was quite a pretty depressing time because I was desperate to get back out there and do what I loved the most. But equally, I didn't really fancy spending two years doing a desk job. That wasn't wise on the military at all. So, I rang up my, I said, they're not saying about those desk jobs, we just drove them out there. That's not even a thing. No, there's no recruiting poster that shows if officer sitting at a desk making a power point. Exactly. Yeah. Excellent job. So, I, after sort of really, you know, going through some heart-wrenching decision-making, I thought, you know what, I think now's the time to do something else. And actually in hindsight, it was because I left Hungary, it was because I left still hand-curing for a bit of adventure. And I didn't feel as though I'd done everything I wanted to do in, on that side of things that I'd probably, it gave me the impetus to do what came next. So, I left them by a twist of luck I suppose when I, because you have to usually give 12 months, notice when you leave the military. But when I rang up the army personnel, somebody hadn't filled out the paperwork properly. So, I meant that I could actually leave informants. And my boss at the time took a look, just take the time off, get yourself together. So, I was on full pay. And off I went. So, as soon as my leg was fixed, that was me on to whatever came next. I didn't really have a plan other than thinking to that. Other than thinking actually now is probably the time I can go back to that schoolboy dream of somehow becoming an explorer. Well, what point did you climb mirror peak? Yeah. So, that was in, that was again, that was just before I broke my leg, it was in October that year. So, I was, again, it bit of downtime, I was given the opportunity to do what, you know, as affectionate as adventure training in the army, but it's usually involves doing some hill walking in Wales. I wanted to do something a bit more exciting. So, I decided to organize a proper mountaineering exhibition to the Nepal Himalayas. So, I got together a bunch of the junior NCOs at Catric who were, you know, my training staff and said, let's go and climb a mountain. None of them had climbed a mountain before. But being Paris, they all sort of said this sounds like fun. It's three weeks off work. So, off we go. And that was my introduction to proper civilian style leadership in many ways, because it was, you know, we were not in uniform. We were doing a learning and new skill in a new environment. So, off we went and we went to Climera Peak, which is not a technical mountain, but it's six and a half thousand meters, which is what's that? That's like, I think it's about 21,000 for 247 feet. Spot on. Good girl. So, it's a pretty high mountain and the air is thin up there, and you know, you can sort of have altitude sickness off, and it's a three-week expedition. And it was actually pretty demanding, especially for some of the guys who'd never been to that altitude before. And I'd been backpacking in Nepal and I'd done that sort of thing, but I'd never, never ever been to that sort of height. So, it was, it was a really interesting lesson in motivating soldiers who soldiers loved to complain at the best of times, especially when this is their vacation time. So, it was all fun and gamed until we got to sort of five thousand meters, so, 15,000 feet, and that's when things get really tough and cold. Yeah, you, you break it down really well. I'll go to the book here. After more than 10 days of hard trekking, we finally reached the snow line where the temperature is plummeted to minus 27 degrees. And with Gail Force winds making the setup of camp a dreadful prospect at least three of the others, and I were suffering severe headaches, dehydration, and very cold feet, as we tried unsuccessfully to sleep at 5,000 meters. On the summit day, we were greeted with clear conditions. But two of the local sherpas decided to remain with the tents in camp rather than the center to the top. I led the way with Jordie. I led the way with Jordie and our mountain guide Jason. We plotted through the flick snow tied together in case a crevasse opened up. It was punishing slow going into every step was hard earned with short gasping breaths. The summit came into view. A few hundred meters ahead, but there was no time to celebrate. As we stop for a short break, one of the soldiers approached me complaining that he couldn't feel his feet anymore. His boots had been on the tight side, and as a result, his toes were right up against the edge of the boot. As we'd been trained, I ordered him to remove his boots and socks, and I placed his bare toe inside my jacket right up in my armpit, where it would be able to warm up to body temperature naturally. As we waited, I saw another soldier shifting about. He told me his feet too were numb. And so after a while, I offered the same service to him, but before along my feet, we're also getting so cold, they were excruciating. We needed to move. So once we'd taken a rest, we pushed on another hundred meters to a crack. By then, just before the final push to the summit, disaster struck. A howling wind flared up the valley, followed immediately by a white blanket of cloud. I knew instantly that even if it was short lived, it would add time onto our exposure, which might mean the difference between someone keeping or losing their toes to frostbite. We had trekked for days and planned for months. No one wanted to give up. Boss, one of the soldiers shouted, shouted, we can make it. It's not far to go. 200 meters more. I looked up into the murky abyss of frozen air and then back at the faces of the two shivering soldiers. I was torn. From the looks around me, it was clear the overwhelming urge the group was to continue. These were all paratroopers. Men proud of their own hardiness and expecting it above all from me, their leader. But I knew that if I decided to continue, I was putting all our safety and danger and the fault would be mine alone for any consequences. We turned back. I shouted, now. I hauled the youngest of the crew to his feet and pointed down the slope back to where the camp, back to the camp where the shirt was weighted for us. The most headstrong of the soldiers muttered and shook his head. I didn't say anything or blame him. I was disappointed as he was. We all knew that our chance of conquering the mountain was gone at least for this expedition. Months of anticipation and weeks of physical training had gone to waste. As we got back to the tents and packed up the camp, we were all silent. It wasn't until hours later when we descended beyond the snow line and to a sheltered gully where the sun had warmed up the rocks that one of the senior soldiers approached me. You made the right call there, boss, otherwise we might have died or at the very least. We'd all be missing a few toes. As we carried it on down the trail, the disappointment that we felt that not achieving our aim seemed to dissipate and we were glad to have come down unscathed, having lived the fight another day. I had not wanted to make the decision to turn back. They felt like failure and I was worried about the impact it would have on my soldiers estimation of me. But as I discovered afterwards, even those who had wanted to continue at the time had a lot of respect for the decision in hindsight. Moreover, that defeat instilled a wonderful attitude in those eight soldiers after the expected banter and complaining that all soldiers are good at, every single one of them said that the trip was one of the highlights of their military career. What's more, many of them later became serious climbers and mountaineers and went back to summit Merra Peak. If I had made the popular decision that day rather than the right one, it could have been a very different story. Just another. And look, I usually say this in the beginning of these things. I'm obviously reading only like tiny sections of the book. You got to get the book. There's all kinds of lessons learned throughout this book about leadership, about discovery, about exploration. Just it's full of them. It's still good the book. But that's a good highlight, a good lesson learned, and this is now. And so that's sort of your intro to, well, maybe I can do it, maybe I can do something like this in this civilian world. Yeah. It was. And so when I left, when I managed to get out of the, um, out of the army, like I said, broke my leg, I was disappointed at not being able to do special forces selection, but I was still hungry. And that was the, that was the key ingredient because I was desperate to do something that I felt was worthwhile. Um, most most of my fellow officers who were who left the military, um, at the sort of rank of captain or junior major, they were sort of at the process of getting married, setting down and wanting something slightly more stable. You were just feeling distantable. And I was just getting water. So a lot of them went to work in London and finance or a consultancy, something with a cash. At that stage, I wasn't motivated by cash, you know, I just wanted to go and have adventures and approve things. And I was fine. You said, I'm going to go have adventure. Yeah, but some of us fun. So I thought there's got to be, there's got to be something in this. And so while I was kind of planning on wanting to bring together my passions of writing, of, I sort of had an amateur interest in photography, of course, travel was kind of at the heart of everything that I did. So I was planning and I was just into a friend of mine Tom Bogen, who was, um, and that's also also in the process of, of leaving the military. And we came at this idea of setting up some sort of a travel company taking people on adventures, expeditions. He saw a few months left to, before he left the military. So in the meantime, I volunteered for a, for a charity, a friend of mine had set up a charity in Africa, in Malawi. And what they really needed, all the know thing else, was vehicles. They needed a couple of ambulances. And so she was like, is there any way you can, you know, somehow, one, you're sitting around plotting an extra trip, why not you send me some ambulances, raise some money, or something like that. So I said, okay. But we're going to do this the fun way. So I, I basically got together a bunch of my friends, um, told them to take two months leave, whatever they were doing. And we're going to buy the ambulances on eBay and drive them to Malawi. 10,000 miles away. And that's what we did. I managed to raise probably up 50 grand, not a massive amount of money, but bought a couple of 20 year old land cruisers off the internet, painted them white, taught myself basic mechanics, stuck a flashing light on the top. And off we went. And we drove all the way through Europe through the Middle East, went through Syria, you know, all these crazy places and two months later went to, you know, finally delivered these ambulances to this little clinic in Malawi. And it was such a rewarding experience. I mean, it was a heck of a road trip, but it was, you know, it was for a good course. And these ambulances are still being used today to save lives. And there was something about that that really, I found really rewarding. And I thought, well, maybe if there's a way of commercializing this, I can turn this into a lifestyle. And that's what I did. So when Tom finally did leave the army, wind up setting up a company called Supercompers, which basically offered military style expeditions in some of the most remote places in the world to civilian clients. But with a very military thoughts, we're going from A to B, it's going to be tough. Everyone needs to get stuck in. Everyone needs to wash their own dishes. This is not a package tool. Let's go. So the first trip, the flagship trip we did was horse riding in Northern Afghanistan. Which in 2011 I think that was, I'm hoping to place called the Wakan corridor, which is completely unaffected by war and the Taliban. But it was, you know, it sold out. I can't believe it. So the how many people? It was only about 12 or so people. So it's small group trips. The next one we did was mounting climbing on the Iraq Iran border up in Kurdistan. And that was pretty special too. We're going to get across the hard desert in Sudan with camels. We rafed it down the Nile and south Sudan, watered across Malagascar, all these sorts of insane trips. But it was so popular. It wasn't long before we started getting the likes of Discovery Channel and National Geographic Calling. As I'm saying, look, we've seen these kind of trips that you can do. Can you take our journalists and our film crews. So that was a bit of a segue into the world of media. And before we knew it, we were taking these highly respected film crews and journalists and directors into Syria, Iraq, wherever you want it to go. And we met all sorts of people. I mean, I ended up doing sort of a security for George Clooney at one point. It was wild. But that was how it sort of led on to. Easy and actor or something or a politician. George Clooney. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was an average bit of by the Disney. Moving on. Yeah, Coach Ross. Yes, check. That was the movie you said. It was like, hey, yeah. At some point, I think it was 2010, you started writing your first book. Yes. And you write about it in this book. You write about writing your first book. And one of the things you say, you're like talking about the challenge of writing a book. And the quote that I liked was you said, are you really going to feel more inspired tomorrow? Or do you just need to be firm with yourself and get started? It's going to again, it's rationalization. Well, I really don't feel like writing to today. Maybe I can wait until tomorrow. So you started writing this book. And you go through your methods, you know, with some, you know, about how you lay it out and your very methodical about your writing. How that book, you know, what, what do publishers just jumped all over that one, huh? Sadly not. So this was when I was trying to set up a business. I was trying to have fun. I was trying to get over the fact that I left the army and wasn't, I hadn't quite achieved what we want to do. So I thought, okay, what I'm going to do is going to write about that trick that we discussed before when I hitchhiked to India. Because I thought it was interesting. Whether anyone else did was another matter. I wrote this book, 100,000 words, pitched it to agents, publishers, and basically got told to piss off at every turn. Nobody was interested. Nobody cares about your holidays. So it was quite disappointing. But I'd written 100,000 words. It was on my laptop. And I thought, okay, maybe this book's not good enough. But it's been a really useful learning curve. It's given me an introduction to writing and the process. And that inspired me to carry on. And I knew I needed to do something that was more impressive. Something that would get picked up. And that's how it led on to the bigger expeditions later on. So you were thinking, I've got to do cooler stuff. If I'm going to write a book about it and people are actually going to be interested. Exactly. What was the first step towards that? What was the trick that you said, all right, this is worth writing about? So like I say, I was doing a really harsh writing. I've got to understand. Well, no, none of those were big or bold enough. They were all cool trips. But they were too. They were still too weak. You know, trips. Oh, you said two weeks. Two weeks. Yeah, these were all like short trips that paying clients could come on. And whilst it was fun guiding trips for paying clients, it wasn't the kind of stuff that I could write about. But it was all, it was all leading in the directions. Well, you guys profitable. Quite the opposite. So I was, I was homeless. I spent three years. Oh, you've been homeless until I've worked here. No, but this was proper home. I had, I had basically whatever money I'd saved up from the army. I'd invested into this company with my buddy, which meant I didn't have any money for rent. So I was basically staying on friends floors for three years. But I also had a rule that I'd learned in India. I'd stayed at a good war at the the Golden Temple in India. And it's part of the Sikh religion to off-a-hospitality. But only for three days and three nights after that, you can move on. So I adopted this, I quite liked that because you don't want to like, you know, sort of burn your bridges or or outstage or welcome. So I adopted this mentality and I was pretty rigid with it. So for three years, I never spent more than three nights in one place. So I stayed with friends and even if they insisted, I stayed longer, I said, now I'm going to move on. So I kind of did the big rotation. Oh, my friends and London. But it did mean that there was a few occasions where there was gaps. So I slept on benches. I'll be honest. I slept outside and whatever it took. And it was a pretty tough experience because I was kind of living on one or two meals a day, maximum because that's all I could afford, especially in London. It's not cheap. And then I was surviving by going away on these short expeditions, where at least my expenses are paid for. You're stoked to go to Afghanistan and ride a horse so you can get a meal. Just suck you get fed. Yeah, for sure. And then, but whenever I was back in London for like a week or two weeks, I was poor. I had no money. What was the uptempo of these trips? How often are you going on those? A lot. You know, it would be a beer way for two or three weeks. Then back for a couple of weeks and a wave. So it was basically nine or ten months of the year. I was away. Why wasn't the company profitable? I mean, I would imagine your clientele must have been people with a lot of money and for them the difference between but how much sort of cost? If I wanted to go horseback riding and have Ganeshan, what were you going to charge about? Well, it's probably two or three thousand pounds, so five thousand dollars. Okay. So not super money. I mean, we were aiming at that high inclined talent, but at that stage, we just didn't have the contacts. We didn't know that those circles of people. So we were trying to hammer it the more midrange budgets. People who were adventurous who had a bit of cash, but not we're not talking billionaires here. We're talking, you know, people at work in the city. I mean, we had also people, teachers. I mean, people who just saved up all the earth to do that one particular trip. What about your buddy Todd? Tom. Tom. What about him? Where's he living? Well, he was married. So he sort of, you know, he'd already sort of managed to game self sorted. So he had to have some with a live on like me. So we were in slightly different places. But for me, it was like, you know, I was using all of these trips as an opportunity to learn the craft of riding to do more photography. So I'd go away and do this horse riding and Afghanistan takes some photographs and I'd try and sell them to, you know, lonely planet guidebooks or the newspapers, whatever it might be. So I was trying to build up a single piece of stuff. Really? Really baits on that? Yeah, what? It took a while. I mean, I was doing my first show of weddings and baby photos, but it all, it was all building up. But it was on one of these trips. I was out in South Sudan doing a making a film out there. It was a fishing show about a guy that was fishing for an hour per each in the middle of a war zone. The only one was he, he didn't really catch any fish, which doesn't make for a particularly good fishing show. And when we were back in Juba, which I don't know if you've been to Juba, but it's, it's, there's nothing there. I mean, it's, it, the world's news country at the time, South Sudan. It had about three miles of paved road in the entire country. I mean, even in the city centre, it was just like dirt, huts. So pretty rudimentary place. We were out there trying to make a show about fishing, but having not caught any fish. The whole thing was a bit of a disaster. Turns out that George Clooney was in town doing some of his humanitarian work. And he, he'd landed, we tried to get him on the show. We thought at least if we got George Clooney in the film, it's kind of a self, just for the, like, that he's in it. The only problem is that the camera man who was supposed to be filming George Clooney, because it was so star-struck, turns out halfway through the interview to God's press record. So that was a disaster as well. But we were out there. We, kind of, as a reputation with it within the film crew, we thought this, this whole thing's a complete mess, this shambles. And we're going to go back to Channel 4 who commissioned this thing with our reputation in tatters at this point. So they commissioned your company to film this? Wasn't my company. I was just freelance, health and safety guy. I was, you know, pot of secret compass, but we'd, you know, we'd basically sort of thought that. You got contracted out. Yeah. So, so Channel 4 is paying someone else to make this show. To make the show. And you're just a helper. I was a helper doing all the behind the scenes, logistics, safety, keeping people fed and more. And you recognize that this isn't going well. This guy hasn't caught the freaking fish yet. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't got a fish. George Clooney got a two. Show up. Yeah, exactly. I ended up having to be George Clooney's hand double, because they screwed up the first start of the interview. I mean, it was like, it was pretty bad. But that's how I met a guy called Neil. He was the second, he was the producer director on the show, second cameraman. And he said, look, look, you know, we could do this ourselves. Why don't we film one of your expeditions? You know, cut the crap. Let's go and do something cool. He said, if you got any ideas, and we were in South Sudan on the banks of the night. I was sort of looked left and right. So it's whopping great. Rick River, I said, well, I wonder if anyone's ever walked the length of the river Nile? And he said, well, I'd hardly doubt it. Because it's four or half thousand miles long. I'm full of war zones. So I said, well, let's do it. And so that's where the idea was born. And I decided I wanted to be the first person to walk the entire length of the river Nile. And I thought that's that's big enough and bold enough to write a book about and get published. So that was the plan. And that was the plan. That was back in 2012. And it took me about almost two years, only 18 months of planning, fundraising, trying to get TV interest, trying to get a publisher, all that sort of stuff. But I was determined that come up with out. Even if we don't get the support of TV or a book, I'm going to go and do this. And just by committing mentally, I think that's what did it. It was the confidence of then just walking into these meetings saying, screw you, even if you don't give me any money, I'm doing it. And I think people saw that and the sort of the, I guess the credibility of having been a power trooper that got people bought into this vision. And somehow, I managed to get a TV commission, a book publishing deal and everything else. And got the whole thing fully funded. And so if I went, took nine months, walked four and half thousand miles from Rwanda through Tanzania, through Uganda, South Sudan, all the way to the Mediterranean in Egypt. And that was a, that was a rough one. I mean, I know, in reading through this, you had one of the guys that was with you guy, Matt, Matt, Matthew, power. Yeah, Matthew, he was a journalist and yeah, he came out to write about me for a magazine and sadly passed away from Heathrow, on the way. And that was a real kick at the ass because, it brought it home that this was real. This wasn't just some trip away, stuff can go wrong and sadly does go wrong sometimes. But it really brought it home. And it made me really question the validity of this. You know, what was what I was doing right, you know, but you know, it happened and I thought, I've got to carry on to, I've got to finish this. There is legacy as much as anything else to make, if I give up now, then what was the whole point in any of it? So, so this was, so a TV crew is with you and they're filming? That's the whole time. No, I mean, the journey, at the time when I set off, I didn't know how long this would take. I'd anticipated about a year and you know, you can't afford to pay a crew for a 12-month to follow me around. So they came out four or five times for anywhere between three or four days in a week. So they were only on the ground, probably a total of about a month out of the nine months that I was on my own, all with local guides, you know, I was always trying to have a local person with me as an accompaniment, but places like Sudan, they couldn't even get in because they weren't issuing journalists visa. So I was on my own for like two months in Sudan. How many miles were you doing a day? So I started to do probably 10 miles a day in places like Rwando, where it's quite hilly, but when I was really into my stride in the desert in Sudan, I mean it was hot, it was sort of August, September time, with 120 degrees in the desert, but probably averaging 45 to 50 kilometers, so 30 miles a day. And then this TV show, this is a TV show, better eventually. So as a veteran, no, it's a four-pot series walking the Nile, which then aired in the UK, and in the states and globally, and it was a huge success, far more than I'd ever anticipated. But it became a bestseller, and yeah, it changed my life, suddenly wasn't homeless anymore. When is it like on Netflix, where do you watch it? It was on Discovery Channel in the US, it was on Channel 4 in the UK, but you know, you can still find it on line here, still out there. Did you feel like these bastards that filmed it only came on this thing for like three weeks? Now's out there for nine months? Well, we all became friends and actually to this day, like Neil, who is the guy who originally inspired me to do this for TV. We're still, you know, best buddies, and I've now set up my own production company, so I make shows for other people and for myself as well, and he's on the team. So yeah, we all became very close, so I'm new tend to when you're in those sort of circumstances. I mean, we were in South Sudan, in the middle of a war zone, you know, it was, I mean, they weren't there at the time, it was just me, but, um, I was going to say, because you become close and then they're like, hey, I'm out. I'm back there. Two months, well, all the exciting things happened. All the exciting things happened where they weren't there. I mean, we were in a place called Bore. This was during the, um, just the, uh, the sort of, uh, there's big, big civil war happening in South Sudan. It was, um, they just got the new country, but there's still a lot of tribal fighting. I turned up in this town called Bore, uh, the same morning that 60 members of a tribe had been murdered inside a inside the United Nations refugee camp. Um, do it. The whole thing was kicking off. I found myself on top of a, you know, that this bombed out hotel with the rebels approaching on one side, you know, Tracer Firegown over heads. There was mortars landing nearby in the only alternative pop from watching the fire. It was climbing down the ladder into the river now, which was filled with crocodiles. So it was, it was a pretty hairy time. And lots of things, you know, like I said, counting and do go wrong, but turns out that makes for good TV. Then you, so you get done with that. You, you got a place to live now. You're kind of going in a different direction as far as fighting hands with. Uh, but now you got to start plotting on things. Like, are you thinking of yourself? All right, I got to one up myself. Well, it came pretty quickly, you know, the, the show was successful. Um, I was then asked, you know, literally a couple months later, where's next? And of course, people won't be going better. I thought, and I've just walked into the river and I'll be, what's bigger and better than that? So I thought, well, what I'm going to do is, I don't want to be a one hit wonder or a sort of flash the pan, I need to sort of think the long game. So I, I sort of squared it away in my mind, the kind of journeys that I want to do, the kind of places that I want to visit. And I wrote down sort of my values, the things that I will not move away from. And it was actually going back to my degree in my degree at university. I, I'm going to, I'm going to visit places that hold a genuine interest. Um, because at this stage, I was getting all sorts of offers to go build, you know, sort of log cabins in, in the woods in Alaska and do fishing shows and do cooking shows, all of which are great and interesting. But if I was to actually see this as a long term career, I need to sort of call my own niche. And so, um, I thought by doing journeys, either on foot or certainly at the slowest pace into places that I've got bit of a bad reputation, there's, there's an interesting way of shining a spotlight on places that really need it. So I thought, why not pick a geographical feature? I, the Himalayas, see in the next obvious choice, the biggest mountain range in the world, mountain Everest, and walk the length of that. So I thought I'm going to start at the place that plays very close to my heart. I've got my stand in the Pami amount in some walk all the way to the Tibetan plateau. And that was another journey of, two and a half or three thousand miles. And that took about six months as well. So that was the next big journey which happened 12 months later. And then ever since then, I've been doing one big journey pretty much every year since then. Are you going to sort, were you solo when you are in the aisle? Uh, well, like I said, I always have a local guide. They were, they would change over depending on which country I was in. So I was able to do the entire. What about the Himalayas, solo? Uh, again. Other than, local guide. Yeah, and the crew would fly out and meet me along the way to film what they thought with the bankers. And then, but it, you know, it's always the way that the most interesting stuff happens when you're on your own or in a very small crew, because the moment you've got a car, with the crew there, things are not quite the same. People sort of close a bit and they're not as open. So, a lot of the interesting stuff happens, you know, when you're unaccompanied, which is what happened when I was in Nepal and my car has, the one time, the irony of a walking expedition is the one time that I decided to get an attack that he, because I was told I couldn't camp in it in this particular village and I had to move on to the next. That was when I had a pretty big accident. Yeah, I talked a talkerously. You read about it in the book, I'll talk us through that one. So, it was, I'll never forget it. I was the 90th August, 2015. I was, I was in a town called Musicot with my local guide, Binod, and actually my brother who'd flown out to meet me a day before to join me for a week of what was his annual holiday. I know the story, so I think it's a bad and your brother. Yeah, cool. You're on classification? Yeah. So, so we're in the mountains and it was just, it was almost night time, it was getting dark and most of the time, you know, I'd already been walking for three months here. We just camp in villages or stay in locals houses, whatever it, whatever it took. But there was a mal-est interaction in this pot of Nepal, so the communists were taken over villages and they didn't take kindly to foreigners, because you know, they just said, and they weren't aggressive, they just said, look, you can't stay here, go to the town and then you can come back to my own car room, you walk, but you can't stay in this village because we're having an internal dispute. So we said fine, so we got a local taxi, got in it, drove over the mountain pass and just as we were going over the crest of the cliff, the brakes failed. So the car goes careering down this, this, this, this road and unable to slow down, hits the side of the wall and bounces straight off this, this cliff top. And when I say cliff top, it was, it was a huge fall, straight into the forest, below about 150 meters, which is what's that, 450 feet to the bottom of the gorge and somehow, again, thank you, Malakistan's. Do you ever see Belpaan? There were no seat belts in this car, I mean, it's a, I guess the inner bend is one part of the tension, there were her bags. What kind of car was it? It was a Mahindra Jeep, so it was a metal frame, thankfully, not some, not some cheap stuff, but it was, yeah, it was a straight off the edge and that was me, I thought this is a long, how long were you no brick, I'm rolling out the hill. I'm difficult to tell, I think probably 10 seconds, I mean, the driver was trying to bounce it against the wall to slow it down, but you can imagine these roads, it's just a dirt track, sheer, sheer sort of rock face on the one hand and then a drop off, no barriers, nothing like that, and it was just a completely pitch of pitch black middle of the night. And that was it, I thought I was a goner and it was almost comedic in the sense that it didn't, it literally flew off the edge and we were airborne for what felt like an eternity, it was probably just a few seconds, but it was the only part of the, the road side where there were no trees because it was forested this, this bank, but we went off the bit where there was obviously a river running through, so it just kept on going and when we finally did hit the deck, it bounced and rolled and probably rolled 10 times, always the bottom of the valley and somehow I stayed in the vehicle, the driver and this random other guy that he picked up a local had been thrown through the windscreen somewhere up on the mountain, we stayed in the car and yeah, made it always the bottom, at which point I thought I'd lost my arm because I couldn't feel it or see it, my money stick. When the car settles, yeah, when it finally settles, are you conscious of all time? What are you saying to your brother besides it, bro, I'm sorry. Well, it was, I can thank my brother because when I, when I sort of figured out where I was, I crawled out the car, thought I'd lost my arm, my first instinct was to go find my arm, you know, it's seen on the beach and saving private Ryan, where he's looking, he's looking like days and confused, that was me in this car, I couldn't find it, then I realized it was still attached, but I couldn't feel it, it was pointing the wrong way, it was completely, I mean you can see the scar there, I had to sort of snap it back into place, that's when the pain started and I think it was me screaming that woke my brother up and he was relatively un-ingered, I mean he'd been bashed around, but he hadn't got anything broken, so I couldn't move, I was in such pain, been odd, the guide, he was pretty much unconscious and Pete, my brother, he came over and, you know, he's done a few trips, but nothing like this, you know, he used working in finance, you know, he's sort of for, he's back in finance, you know, well, no, it's the interesting thing, whilst Pete rescued us, he went and shouted for help, luckily the sound of the car crashing had woken up some local villagers and my, they'd come to investigate, probably to go out and how I may be for enough locals to come to carriers out, but then they had to carriers and my, through the jungle, to the local village, well you weren't bleeding, I mean, I wasn't bleeding, but I was bleeding bleeding, like you weren't, like threatening blood, no, it was just my arm was just completely mangled, the driver sadly was in a very different position he'd broken, everything is body, it's neck, you know, he was somewhere at the mountains, that's going to find him, we were taken to a very small clinic in the local village, and when I say small owners like chicken running around the ward, this was basic stuff, but luckily they're, yes, they're qualified, it was basic, they were rolling the hospital and chickens, but they had more feet, thankfully, so that, you know, took away some of the pain, but yeah my brother, he coordinates the rescue, took three days though because it was the rainy season we couldn't get helicopter in the road to all washed away, so it took three days for helicopters to come, so it was a, it was a trying time, so the least, and I think my brother was possibly regretting his his holiday distillation, but yeah, he was a real trooper throughout the whole experience, and yeah, so that, that really disrupted the trip a little bit, but I had to fly back to the UK for surgery because they couldn't do it in count on due because it was just after the 2015 earthquake which had screwed all the hospitals, so I went back to the UK, had surgery for the fix my own, but then I couldn't give up, this was my, I'd chosen this, this was my career, I wasn't going to give up, so whatever it was, 45 days later I flew back out to Nepal, went back to the car, still there in the jungle, rusting over and carried on walking, from another three months, the TV show came out, yeah, they came out, they enjoyed that, they like they filmed me in the hospital, gave surgery at all, rest of it, and then this becomes another TV show and did you write another book about this? Yeah, wrote a book, yeah, called Walk in Himalayas, give it simple, and then they of course they said, what's next, so I had to come up with another one, you're paying yourself into a corner, Matt? Yeah, absolutely, so what was the next one? Walking the Americas, so I wanted to do something in Central America, I'd have this girl from this Mexican girlfriend, so I knew Mexico quite well, but I was fascinated by the ancient mine civilization, I wanted to go to see places like Honduras and got a Marlera in Colombia because I knew that I would have a bit of edge, and so I decided to walk from where the Spanish first landed in the U.C. temperature, give it a bit of historical context all the way to South America across the Daryngap, which is probably one of the most remote and fierce, most stretch of the jungle, anywhere in the world, so that was another six months, another two thousand miles of walking, again, lots of scrapes there as well. And this is the same thing, TV crews coming out joining you for four or five days here and there, wherever they think there's going to be the most, to mayhem, that's when they're showing up, you're carrying a freaking backpack with like a water bottle, and 50 bucks. Yeah, yeah, and off we went, and that was a really enjoyable journey because the guy that came with me might my guide for that one was actually a guy who had known for a number of years called Alberto, who was the guy that got me into photography in the first place and he'd lived in Mexico, he'd never walked anywhere in his life, anywhere, and he certainly wasn't a professional guide, he was a studio photographer, he was far more at home, sitting on yachts with supermodels, but he had just got divorced and was looking for an adventure, so I said, let me come with me, we're going to go and have some fun, and off we went and we walked for six months through all these random countries and we went through the ganglands in Honduras, met the cartels along the way, we sort of had meetings with all sorts of gangsters, it was, that was a wild trip as well. What about a GoPro? I, so I had this little flip camera, that you're the interesting thing is actually you'd think sometimes that it would be tricky to film in these places, but actually having a camera does open up conversations, people are like, oh hang on, I want my first graph taken, or I want you to, I want to tell you my story, and particularly in places that don't get many tourists, because if you go to touristy places, people aren't that interesting, get the photos taken or telling you their story, but if you go to Honduras, I mean there's one story from there, we were in a town called San Pedro Sula, which other than Ciada Twaras, I think was the murder capital of the world, this is where the two main cartels you've got, MS 13 and Barrio 18, these two rival gangs that do pretty bad things to each other are based, they've got their own neighbourhoods, and we wanted to walk straight through this city, and the only way to do so was to cross between these two ganglands, but of course the police and the army were like, look, we don't go in there, we can't rely on us for backing. So we asked around and Alberto was sort of doing all the translation and we eventually found this street pastor who said, look, I know the gang leaders are both of these guys, I can probably get you in if you want, so I'll ask the question, so he got his, he got two phones out actually, and he called the leaders of both gangs and had them on speaker phone next to each other, which is bizarre, both of these leaders were both in jail, right, because they were, and he got them, they were, and he got them both on speaker phone and said, look, I've got these two two gringoes, I mean he wasn't malbusters, and Mexican, but he called us both gringoes and said, look, they want to walk through your turf, you know, will you let them, and to my surprise, these both these leaders like, yeah, absolutely, you know, as long as you give a fair honest representation of our story, you want to tell you our story, and why we have these gangs, but he said, just give us twenty fryzers because we're just going to even clean up the graffiti and pick up the trash from the streets, they wanted to show the best side of their gang walls, and it was the most bizarre experience, but we went through these areas, escorted by these kids, ten, twelve year olds, we had covered in tattoos with pistols down there jeans, and they showed us the Castle O'Cuz, the Crazy House, where they taught each other, and they, they should, oh, this is where we killed, you know, this person, this is where we hung, it was like tragic stuff, but in the most surreal setting, and it was, it was a very bizarre experience to go and see that, and we saw a guy shot at the side of the street, you know, just in, just, yeah, from the gang walls, so, and, and I'm not into voyeurism, I don't go there to sort of glamorize any of this, it's trying to show what, you know, the, what the struggle is like for a lot of people living in these circumstances and, and not shy away from some of those really difficult but compelling stories. Now, did you, did you have a film crew there when you did that section? They, they had come out and, and we had a real struggle with the channel to, to sort of, allow us to go into these places, because, you know, imagine the lawyers back home, and I'm like, well, this is, this is too sketchy, we're not sure about this. Plus people with brains back home, they're broke. But, you know, I think a lot of it was down to the fact that we'd found this guy who, he wasn't a cowboy, he was like, you know, I live, I've lived in these, in, on this, on, in these neighborhoods, all my life and sort of the camera come, crew come through or not. So they kept, yeah, they came through, they did. So all that footage, and so what's that, what's that show God walk walking through? Walking the Americas. Yeah, walking the Americas. How many hours is one of these? The series, each one, I mean, the Nile was four episodes, four hours, Himalayas was five, I think, walking the Americas as five as well. Yeah. Okay, so now you get back from that and you've got to step it up again, right? Okay, so the next one. Basically, there's a way you're getting into. Going back to my original point of going back to places that I'd studied, my studies at university have mainly been about, you know, the Middle East, about places where the old British Empire had a legacy, all places in, you know, in the news now, current affairs, and obviously Russia, Iran were both pretty high up on the agenda. This was back in 2017, Putin sort of just getting reelected all the sort of stuff. So I wanted to go and explore that region more, the Caucasus, as a historical region, as fascinating. So I thought one at Doer Journey from Europe into Asia over the Caucasus mountains from Russia into Iran. We called that one, crossing the wild frontier. So we started on the Black Sea, finished on the Caspy and Sea, and going through places like Chechnya, Dajestan, Azerbaijan, Georgia, and then finished in Iran. Getting travel permits to go into those places was actually quite tricky, but, you know, we had to apply to it to rush in the first thing they asked on your visa application is have you or have you ever served in a foreign military? So they dig deep into your background. But thankfully, they let me in the same with Iran. I mean, they're getting into Iran as a trick you want, because initially they would like know where we didn't, you know, especially from the UK, when we're not friends right now. Eventually through a contacts, I was told that I could meet a person from the Iranian embassy, but not at the embassy. It was just very mysterious lady who wouldn't give me her name, but Sunglass is met me in a cafe in South Kensington and London and said, what do you want? I said, there's a link to all my shows, go and see for yourself. I gave her a copy of my books, and she said, okay, I'll go and read them. And the next day, it was on the present, you know, the present sort of promise is desk of Iran and I got approved of visa. And I think what they liked is the fact that I'm not there to do on the propaganda, but I'm not showing away from the hard story's either, but I'm certainly not there to do investigative journalism to within a gender-based sort of approach. I'm there to show what life is like for normal people and they let me in. And so I did this amazing trip through places that you just don't get a fair understanding of, especially place like Chechnya. And that was a really, really fascinating journey. Thankfully, nothing went particularly wrong with that one. I just got a really great understanding of what the region was like. Yeah, and I think a lot. You know, a lot of times when people asked me and I was just asked this, I was getting interviewed the other day. And you know, people started asking about, well, the war in Iraq should we have been there and all this? Was it, is it the moral right thing to do? And a lot of times what I try and do in those situations is I try and bring things down to a very granular level of what it was like on the ground and what I like about what you're doing is you're going beat. I guess the word is beneath the politics. I don't know if that's going to sound right, but you're going beneath the political atmosphere to the actual other human beings that are living their lives, that are, you know, trying to earn a living, trying to raise their family, trying to build their future. And there's so much commonality that gets missed. And that's often what I also say about Iraq, you know, it's like I would kick in the door to a building and there'd be, you know, a family in there and they, that's trying to build a business of selling whatever dates and the moms, you know, trying to so stuff that she can sell in the neighborhood and the kids are wanting to play soccer and they're just normal people. And yet you can never you can never see that when it's all screened out by the political viewpoint. So what, what's this clicking from me now and I'm starting to understand is that you're going beneath that level and talking to the people on the ground and getting a real look and probably I'm assuming exposing all these commonalities that we have as human beings with other human beings. Yeah, and I mean, that was never an outright intention. It's just sort of happened throughout these journeys. Is, is trying to find out what does unite as an actually trying to find those human stories and then actually there's a lot of positivity and what I found is the sense of hospitality you know, has been overwhelming throughout and that I've seen that in some of the places that you wouldn't expect it. Yeah, and even even, you know, I start off joking in the early part of this, you know, I'll know and whoever invite me in their house and then as I'm sitting in a listening view talk and I've been to, I mean, obviously I've been all over the world and been to all kinds of different countries and it's the same thing when you actually when you actually get past that get but underneath that political vision that we have of a place, you know, I've had people treat me unbelievably well all over the world and that's why you have to get, you have to, you have to make those human connections with other people and you'll realize, oh yeah, they'll help you out. I mean, like you said, most people, they'll give you some water if you need some water, they'll pull over the side of the road and help you if you need it. That's absolutely. So that's that's a very enlightening. I'll never forget when I was on the Nile, this was back in 2014, I was in Sudan and it was, this was a bit with, there's no crew there, it was me with with a local guy called Moas and it was getting very hot. We couldn't carry enough water just to survive. So we had to go and buy some camels from the local market. Now I don't know how to keep a camel, you know, keep a camel going. So we thought we'd better employ a couple of bedwinne camel handlers to come with us. So for two months we tracked across the entire Sahara following the river Nile. There was one bed of the Nile where we had to go sort of slightly into the desert because there was some security issues by the Nile. So we were going through these villages and everyone was so hospital people with saying come in, have some of our water and it was almost, it was so overwhelming. We were getting slowed down because we needed to reach the Egyptian border before Ramadan because that was the basis for which these two camel handles. So we'll come with you but only for 50 days because we're going to get back to our families. So that was the deadline. That was the hard stop. So off we went and we were getting further and further behind schedule because of the hospitality because people say, I'm going to teach my kids English and this is not the other. So my two camel handlers were on the verge of revolt at this stage. So we're going to go home if you're going to mess around doing your city filming in this time. So we came to an agreement and said okay what would do is day on day off. One day we'll go through the villages where we'll meet people and talk and film and just you know, all that and then we'll do another day walking in the desert, avoiding the villages and camping out in the desert and there but we can come and walk around. But there was one occasion where we'd done this within the middle of the desert. But a mile away from the nearest village we set up our camp made a little fire and the local villages are mile away. Must have seen the flickering of the flames in the desert and wasn't long before a crowd of men came out to investigate the support of you doing. And we said, well we explained that we were trying to avoid their hospitality. The most polite terms possible and they said they were getting really upset by this. So I know you must come and we said no one guy stormed off. And he came back half an hour later. He carried a bed on his head and he said if you're not going to come into my house, my home is coming to you. And that I think really demonstrates the incredible hospitality. I can't remember. I can't ever imagine that happening back in London if a student he's my sort of fussy gun on the street. But it's moments like that that really do kind of restore your faith in humankind. But you still have to step it up a little bit. It seems like we're just getting more and more hostile environments. And so now it's like 2017, 2018, the freaking war and Iraq and Syria with ISIS is just flaring up. So of course you're like a moth drawn to the fire. So that's the next one, right? So I'd always been fascinated by the mid least. Like I mentioned before I in 2003 I was in Iraq. I like the way you kick these stories off with like I've always been fascinated with you know how sharp a shark's teeth could be. All right so you got this fascination with the Middle East. So I've been there in 2003 which is when I hitchhiked through Baghdad and all this you know. So I'd wanted to return to Iraq and wanted to see more of the region ever since and I actually in fact after the Nile I pitched the idea of doing a trip around the Arabian Peninsula to the powers that be within TV. And sadly they said no they said one it's probably too dangerous and two they didn't feel as though there was sufficient interest they said. In fact the word the exact words were that's just the realm of current fers and news. Nobody's interested in the Middle East as a destination. It was a place to to find out more about. And I thought that was just a disappointing answer. So you're on I'd pitched this you know after the Himalayas I pitched it again they said no it's to the Americas after that I pitched it again they said no again. And that just wound me up. So after the Russia to run expedition I was like I am doing the Middle East I want to go to Arabia come want me with or you. So I've pretty much you know got told no we're not doing it by by the TV company by the TV guys and then I said well I'm doing it which didn't get out well in TV land in the UK but I decided that was that problem. So I set up my introduction company to facilitate this. When you say TV people these are the channel. This is the channel. This is the channel. And your pitching is it multiple channels that your pitching to is. No this is just like straight up one of the top. It wasn't the museum it was it was it was channel 4. They but you know it then got syndicates now to discover channel and whoever wants to buy it internationally. So you're pitching to the people that have made your other shows. Hey let me do this one and they're like look no not happening and you just say all right cool I'm doing it anyways. Yeah so I went to I got sacked but I kind of they said okay well you're not working with us if that's the case so I said okay that's fine I'm going to go do it. So I set up my introduction company and basically self finance this expedition with a couple of mates my friend Dave and Simon who chipped in and going back to that thing about empowering people and bringing people on the team I said look if we all chip in the same amount of cash we'll take up the same amount of profit at the end of the day and they said okay and these guys who'd help me before on shows doing the health and safety and I got Neil my got my mate who's the director to come on board so we basically just club together and off we went and actually it freed up so many things because I was getting more and more frustrated with more and more restrictions and limitations on how things were produced and and actually I felt like my creative sort of my personal creative spirit was being somewhat suppressed a little bit so I said okay I'm going to give this a go what's the worst that can happen so we decided to go and just do this and the idea was to go and look at the Arabian Peninsula and all the countries that make that up in the same way not necessarily walking the whole route this time because there's a lot of empty empty stretch of desert where not much goes on but but certainly hitchhiking and traveling with locals so the plan was to start up on the Turkish border with with Syria up in Rajava and the Kurdish region and basically walk travel hitchhike whatever all the way around the entire Gulf and then finish up at Lebanon in the in the historic city of Biblos which is the oldest city in the world and revisit some of these places I've been to my earlier travels including Baghdad and to create a Mosul now of course this was in the height of the war against ISIS they still weren't defeated in Syria in Iraq so it was a pretty big challenge but doing it very light footprint it was only there was only ever three others traveling at once we it meant that we could actually go and achieve something that had never been done before which is actually travel through all these multiple countries so going through places like Syria we're embedded with the the Kurdish militia in Iraq we managed to join a group called the Hashtad the PMF the popular mobilisation forces who are sometimes the bad guys but these are the guys fighting against ISIS on this occasion but they're also Iranian backed militias I was embedded with them on the final awejya offensive which is the final battle against ISIS in Iraq on the front line I mean that was that was something else I mean it was it was an entire Afghan tour in three days I mean it was it was intense but now you guys are now you guys are the camera crew all the just the three of us yeah so now you got cameras rolling all the time and I watched some of your some of this stuff that's on YouTube I watch you rolling up to that offensive and the guys like all right lunch break and there's some you know having work with the Iraqi soldiers of bombs I was like I know what's going on there I know what that feels like yeah um but but like what was what was the proximity to the fighting that were you getting right in it? I know it was a it was kind of bizarre experience because we managed to hitch a life to the front line where these sort of that you know the the Iraqi volunteers these weren't the Iraqi army these were literally the guys too old or too young to join the join the military and they were fighting on their home turf they were fighting their neighbors so these were mainly sheer militia and fighters who volunteered mainly to come out of retirement to basically going you know kick ISIS off the of the land so we were rolling up not I mean they had about 12 main battle tanks but mostly these guys were in flip flops and Toyota pickups you know with it with a 50 km on the on the back and driving in a straight line no-tath no-tactic no strategy literally taxi to the front line so we got a taxi to the front line said drop us off here hitched ride on a tank just jumped on a tank and just drove the main the point vehicle was a bulldozer with this Iraqi dude with a cowboy hat absolutely crazy yes smoking a cigar as the bullets were pinging off the front of this bulldozer and it was just a straight line waiting to get ambushed and we got ambushed and you know you could see the black flags of ISIS in these villages and we just drive up to and spread out bond the shit out of it and then go in there and we were in the mix you know right on the front line filming everything and liberating these villages and capturing ISIS we caught three ISIS commanders and I've still got a f*** so we're on the flags at home actually that took with me but it was it was quite it it felt very important to an historical moment you know these when the villagers were liberating they caught the like the commander the ISIS fighters the women would come out they'd rip their burgers off and they were thanking these Iraqi volunteers for for rescue and some of these women hadn't been outside of their own compound for three years so it was it was a very powerful thing to it to be witnessed too yeah we had another guest on and covered another book on here Holly who's book only cry for the living and she interviewed a lot of those women and what they went through so you know liberation was the the understatement of the year for what was happening to the people inside those villages that were you know and cities that were run by ISIS did you what you you're not I know that you're you don't carry a weapon when you do this stuff you just wearing body armor we managed to pick up some body armor from a bill you know to bought something local shop and not off you go but yeah going through this sort of the urban fighting in place that shark out I mean we were emotional this is a week or two after it had been liberated for ISIS I mean there was there was still a lot of clear operations going on you've obviously got to be careful but you know I've been doing this for long enough to know what to do and what not to do but at the same time we wanted to we wanted to see what was going on because nobody was filming this you know the any news reports that were coming out were coming out from Baghdad or a bill that's very few people were getting onto the front line and actually seeing what life is like for on both sides you know and we we met these ISIS fighters we got a camera in the face and that that was quite rare so it was it was fascinating to to see what was going on and to see the reality of life and and these guys the the volunteers who were fighting they've been fighting solidly for three years so you mentioned that the lunch break coming literally in the middle of the battle that the truck turned up with with the chicken sandwiches on on the back and and people just stopped there like well the fight's not going anywhere everyone just sat down and and had the chicken sandwich and then carried on and it was it was a kind of bizarre experience but it was no different to be on exercise in social reclaiming with it with the British Army really. As you as you wrap up getting well like how how did you how did you decide it's time to move on was it when was it like my zool is now pretty much done was it what what made you decide all right we can we can move on now. So on the last day I mean we've been attached with these guys we'd seen Mosul we've been attached to the to the to the to the front line fighting units for a couple of days there was one guy I mean it kind of it all sunk in I mean one we'd we'd kind of got enough fighting footage and we didn't want this show to be entirely about the fighting but but two I meant this one guy we've been told we must meet him his name was Abutasine now Abutasine his nickname was the Hawkeye he was a rax most feared sniper he'd been fighting he was 65 years old he'd fought in every war since 1973 against the Israelis he'd fought in Bosnia and chicken year he'd fought in 91 and in the golf against you know the Americans he'd fought in 2003 against the British and Badgeroh he'd fought in 2007 against you probably in in in Iraq in fulludioro and any come out of retirement to fight against ISIS. So yeah she had guy. He's a she had guy. Yeah and he was literally a rax most feared warrior I mean they'd been a booktrick about him and he was there fighting on his most bike with his big you know six foot sniper rifle and he agreed to speak to me he didn't normally do journalists interviews particularly not with with with Brits that's for sure but he agreed to speak to me sort of soldiers soldier when I sort of told him I was in the in the Paris and he said well I've you know probably killed some of your friends as long as you don't mind that and it was a big decision to have gone sit with this guy who had been my person and then be but and then be against my colleagues and friends but you kind of have to take that emotion out of it and it ultimately was in his country listening to his story and by the way now he was fighting against an enemy of often and yeah so he was British over on the American extent of and of humanity sure so we were centered around the campfire and he's a whole bit of story killed 400 odd people he was quite open about the fact that he was against you know others the coalition invading his country but we were on the right side of history this time around and he thought that what he was doing with the right thing which was to to rid his land of ISIS which he was convinced was a creation of the chaos of you know ten years of war and I think it was that moment I thought okay enough enough I've heard I've heard the story we should move on and it was probably about time actually because sadly seven days later he was himself killed by ISIS on that same battle on the last day of the war against ISIS so some sort of poetry in that but we left that behind and carried on the journey and continued around the Gulf and and like I said I didn't want this journey to be just about the conflict because that's what we associate so much with with the region but to then jump out of Iraq and then be in southern Iraq actually we were in the in amongst the the marshes around Nazarene Badrera you know this is the birthplace of civilisation god and of Eden and so on and to be in amongst the marsh Arabs I don't know if you served down there with these these these are very traditional tribes who literally you know live amongst the marshes in these in these ancient ways of living in the hot and called Mudhif and you know fishing and and farming buffalo I mean it's like going back to biblical times and it was that start contrast you know which was for me really really interesting and I wanted to give that balance and then to go from there into QA to then to do buy where you suddenly got these skyscrapers and Friday boozy brunches I wanted to show that whole spectrum of what life is like in in this region and it was some sort of really start contrast and to get your head into that and around that was was often quite difficult. I mean Dubai is just crazy it's crazy yeah like especially when you talk about that contrast between Mosul completely destroyed and you know just a living hell for everyone that's up there then you go to Dubai which is just I mean it's sort of a tomorrow yeah the entire city has been built for like 20 years or something like that and just everything is brand new and to the the highest standards of luxury in everything it's like you can't get more of a start contrast. It was a huge amount I mean I actually quite enjoyed going and it was a nice break having been in on this war zone for the first time. Yeah you probably got confused but you start like a bed. But that's what I wanted to show you I wanted to show these really start differences and this traditional way of life the beduined you know I studied all about Lawrence Arabia and the old sort of arabist explorers people like Wolf with Essageau who crossed the empty quarter and so to then go from there into a man which is a beautiful country you've got these amazing endless and dunes and very traditional way of life there and then it's Yemen again a country that was incredibly difficult to get into but we somehow managed it. It was yeah showed a fair representation. You get done with this trip and then you go back so how long is it take when you get done with the trip how long is it take for the production to have happened and then what did you do in this particular case did you now have to sell what you made? Well exactly yeah so with this one you know I got my own team on the case so we were editing on the go I mean we're kind of sending the rushes back and then we got an edit you know got an edit suite and we were doing it on the go so I think it ended up being then we got back from the trip in February March and it was on TV sort of two or three months later. Who did you go back to channel for them? They wouldn't take it. They were principal and they said principal little bit of the top to you but we sold it to discover a channel in the UK and then they're like what? And then it got shortlisted for a broadcast award so yeah that was that was a real sense of not just vindication but you know it was it was a very very good documentary and for me it took it back to the the organic authentic roots of what my journey's ultimately all and is that one also like four or five hours four or five shows yeah that one's five episodes as well. Were you profitable did you make money? It was just face just about didn't make that much money on it but it was worth it just because it set the ball very very high. So you get done with that one what how do you measure success on those in terms of I mean is it view like hey a YouTube video gets whatever a million views how are you judging success or if it's hitting the people right or is it just feedback from people telling you hey that was outstanding I never understood the Middle East like that now I do thank you is it how are you getting your your gratification? So for me the validation it's not just about ratings because obviously that's a lot to do with the the media landscape and the current politics of what's going on it's changed enormously just in the seven or eight years that I've been doing this you know in terms of TV what is you know it's changed enormously with the amount of streaming platforms out there the sheer you know just difference in demographics so people aren't watching TV live anymore they're watching on their laptop so watching on the mobile so and there's so many new new s-folds out there anyway so it's very difficult to sort of gauge in terms of ratings a lot of the stream pluffles don't even publish there viewing figures so I don't think for and that for me was never really as important as just doing what felt authentic and true to my own belief really and if there's a bit of feedback that's good and positive then great I mean you know of course when you go to controversial place you're going to get a bit of flack from different groups you know you didn't show my tribe and what we do or especially if you go to like the whole Israel Palestine question or if you're traveling in somewhere like Iran you know it's difficult it's difficult to tell everyone story you never gonna succeed in that but for me it was actually the slightly indirect feedback when when you get the head of a charity saying thank you you know we've been trying to put our country on the map for the last 20 years and just one of your episodes is double that revenue or something like that or you get individuals who call you and say you inspire me to quit my job in finance and you know go build a clinic in Nepal whatever it might be and as a result you know I've personally been asked to be an ambassador for probably hundreds of charities I'm currently ambassador for about 20 or so charities and it's things like that that make it all worthwhile for me so I'm not really that bother about the ratings obviously it's nice to get good feedback and it's nice to keep getting asked to do these journeys but it's hard now to do bigger and better when I feel as I've kind of done most of the journeys that I've really wanted to so I'm just trying to think about how do I diversify or stay true to my true to my sort of core beliefs but also to enjoy what I'm doing so I'm fun and yeah try and find something that's appropriate and useful. Did the so the next one was walking with the elephant says that right sure that coming after that came after yep so eventually they came back they came back with us sort of saying oh can you make another one for us so you kind of won strategic so I went in the end I guess in that way so yeah they came back and said we want to we want to do some eels and I've always been fascinated by conservation once again there he goes again he said that always been fascinated by conservation so I was wondering elephant's always been my thing when I was 10 years old I sort of I don't I've been begging my parents to take me to Kenya to go and see elephants and they couldn't afford it because they were teachers but eventually they did when I was I think I was 14 and it was my but I'm you know seeing Africa big skies the Savannah the wildlife so I had always wanted to try and incorporate a sort of an element of giving back in all my expressions so I always paired with the charity or or raising a shawl I'm a high net worth of which got a high high profile supporter for unicef so I do I do a bit of work with sort of children's charities along the way but conservation is it is something that I think is really important not just for the sake of animals but but habitats keeping wilderness areas wild and so I thought by going back to Africa particularly Botswana in this case and there's a real opportunity here to showcase what's happening in the natural world and by doing one of my sort of walks through a country but this time following her her developments on the ancient migration route there's a new way of telling this story so I was walking with her developments for 650 miles across Botswana all the way to the Occupang Hotel to how many often well there's 120,000 in Botswana how many were you are in the park and with them I mean it just dependent on the day really but we're getting pretty close to so pretty big groups like 10 or like 100 no it could be 30 50 yeah it's probably 50 was the maximum we saw it anyone did you get to my awesome of them you get to know some of the personalities yeah especially when they're flopping their ears and chasing after you but I mean it was a really really intense experience because you're when you're in an alien environment on the one hand that you're on your your on your guard the whole time you've got to watch out because at any time not just from the elephants but you know a snake like when you're when you're sort of out taking a dump as a snake might go and bite on the ass or whatever in my be you've got to be really careful we were camping the whole time staying inside the national parks we've got a very we we were sort of greeted with them by the Botswana government with with the outlustrous back because they said look you know not only encouraging tourism showcasing the Botswana such a tourism conservation success actually and and so we were able to camp inside these national parks and and really gets to know the wildlife but I'd say that as human beings coming from Africa that's what we're designed it we meant to be you know in that natural environment so it did feel like a very natural journey as well and that was that was the last big trip that you took that brings us up to current date pretty much that was in the summer of 2019 last year doesn't count because of COVID so yeah that kind of brings us up to date on on this sort of big journey is ready so that's probably a pretty good place to stop other than to say so what the your latest book that's about to come out is the book that I've been referring back to some of but somewhat today the art of exploration so what what what made you decide you had need to get another because this is like what do we say was your ninth book this is my this is number nine and the last 12 months having been somewhat locked up as give me plenty of opportunity to reflect on some of the stories that I didn't put in my other books and I wanted to sort of I guess give some of the lessons that I've learned personally but not just that it lessons from other explorers from other key leaders and and reflect back on my time in the army as well so it really it's a bit of a summing up for me of the last sort of 10-15 years really of the lessons that I've learned and I've tried to put them into relevant themes and make them applicable and relevant to people in their daily life so it's not just me telling ten of my war stories this is some of the stories hopefully will all inspire people to hopefully you know integrate them into their own lives yeah I don't think I did a great job of what I selected to read in terms of the fact that you're you're you're you're kind of given your philosophy much throughout much of the book and you're explaining you know what lesson you learned but you know here's how I learned the lesson then you explain well this is what the lesson was and this is how you can apply it so it's a it's a it's a philosophical book as well not just like you said a book I read stories I read a lot of stories I like to read stories but and you know some of I said here's some of the leadership lessons you learned and I pointed out the the way that you lay those out so that people can and you it's not just about leadership though it's about decision making you got a whole section and they're about how you sort of lay out decision making based on your military education and what so there's all kinds of things that you can pull from this book and they're all rooted in what you've been through which is again that's where my all my books are just hey this is what I've been through and here's what I took away from it so you did this exact same thing and and anybody that's listening you're gonna you're gonna pull a lot of lessons out of this book I scratch the surface I let read less than 5% of this book on the air today so pick up the book it's freaking yeah I mean it's just just chalk as you would say in England it's chalk full of lessons learned where can people find you I know you got Levison Wood dot com what's Levison it's a family name right it's my that was my dad's name and his dad's name like it's just like on the fifth year but yeah no people can find out more about it on what I've got an Instagram page Levison dot wood I've got Twitter and yeah the new book is coming out in June in the UK and hopefully it will be out in the US shortly after yeah we need to get the pre order on Amazon yeah by the way yeah like you got about two weeks for today to make that happen to go uh echo Charles is any questions from anything else uh remember when you lost your wallet remember do you think if you didn't lose your wallet you would not have gone into the military when you think about it I think that you know when I lost my wallet the inspiration you know the main lesson that I learnt there was kind of told by this young lieutenant who found it was go-in travel and and perhaps if I hadn't have traveled if I hadn't have got those expert early experiences if I hadn't have had the gun pulled on me by the the guy in the taxi in Zimbabwe then maybe I wouldn't have enough stories to get me through the interviews that got me into the army so who knows I mean hindsight obviously a great thing but but yeah I think you know take opportunities when when they come come along say thank you to people you know you never know be courteous and it's it's you know writing back to that guy and just say thank you for handing all it back you know got me all those tips in the form of that six page essay so it's just little things like that it's just it's never passed by an opportunity and never passed by an opportunity to to be thankful and grateful and no matter how bad things get there's always an opportunity in that and so like when I wrote my leg and couldn't get in the special forces I now look back and join the dots and think actually it was that it was that well I thought was a low point actually was a real opportunity to go into something different yeah this crazy huh because on the surface you're like dang I lost my wallet because that sucks and I can't you lose your wallet oh man brutal and then yeah man it opens up this whole thing and it's like dang I'm kind of glad I did lose my wallet yeah of course at least I'm having a bit of faith that in every situation now whenever I'm feeling ah you know down at that that's gone really badly I'd remember myself all the times that the bad situations if you just view them right and have the right attitude then then you can turn defeat into victory and and I think that's what you got to remind yourself so when everything's really badly I try and just convince myself even if it's like a delusional that this is a great opportunity absolutely true man absolutely true well like I said probably a good place to wrap work approaching three hours right now thanks for joining us absolutely and and more important thanks for your service thanks your service to great Britain one of our maybe our most maybe our strongest ally not only for your service but your your fathers and your grandfather's I know I watched a video about your grandfather and it was just awesome that that that he was out there like you holding the line against tyranny and evil and thanks for sharing some of your stories I need you following me on like I said there's ten books I always try and prepare I couldn't read ten books get ready for this thing um to a ton of great stories and and the lessons that you you share and the experiences allow all of us to learn through your vicariously through your explorations of the world which you've made the best of I don't recommend them but I'm glad you did them and I'm glad we can take away those lessons bands awesome awesome to meet you man thanks for thank you so much thank you both and with that Levison Wood has left the building he left the building he wasn't he didn't have anything with him so he may be going I don't know he's going somewhere we don't know where he came in we don't know where he came from we don't know where he's going but he is out there all on the continual exploration with a pocket full of like you know two paper clips and as wallet that he found and we're good so awesome to have him on here for sure we were talking about exploration that's the name of his new book the art of exploration echo seems like exploration topic of the day can you recommend some ways we can explore getting better as humans for sure what he got so I think keeping ourselves capable good call really you know look we have a path the path is hard not all the time but it can be hard so I'm saying everyone's not a while we can deviate from that path but the best way to deviate from the path is when we explore if we explore as long as it's in the right direction don't slip off the path. I'm gonna go backwards keep moving forward anyway so while we're doing that we are improving ourselves we are working out there's certain fundamentals to the path we'll say for sure working out physical improvement capability strength the more I'd learn about strength and strength training or is this in training you know this kind of stuff the more benefits start to reveal themselves yep did you know strength training resistance training is the best thing for your cognitive capacity as you grow older yes yeah I did did I say that last time you did I remembered it why as I was out and for your immune system so you either like I think you hold vitamin D more efficiently or yes something with vitamin D where you can check you know anyway so stand the path in that way anyway through this path you might need supplementation yes all right chocolate supplements only the best kind by the way yeah you probably need unless you are just dedicating 24 hours a day for meal prep and you have your spare out shopping you're out harvesting your own meat you're out you're out in the garden pulling up carrots you know if that's what you're doing you can probably get away without supplementation look we we know that we don't we want to eat clean right if you're eating clean you don't need it the chances that are pretty small yeah very pretty small and again and there's a bigger picture going on as well and woo I have a huge advocate of garden I have a small little mini-chur garden not many things in there that's a tomato is in there either way it's not about my garden it's about efficiency apparently it is about good what kind of a little couple of rad it was just some tomatoes nonetheless you know if you if gardening is your thing then cool but for a lot of us if you dedicate all these hours daily weekly whatever meal prep or whatever it might become a little inefficient so supplementation might be kind of the jam as far as efficiency goes so good news supplementation for you very good news so what we got stuff for your joints stuff for protein stuff for cognitive health stuff for general health vitamin D3 joint warfare super cool got some more conditional protein called war cold war immunity that immunity sure all these things on jockel fuel the same punk milk yeah protein in the form of a dessert I authorized the next flavor of milk what is it one it's gonna be that banana cream oh yeah yeah no name yet no name yet look and it's hard to take banana cream and turn that into something tactical right so if anybody's got some ideas on banana cream like my my years are open yeah I'm ready for something cool you know about banana cream that's not what you got that's interesting because that's not like an obvious flavor but once you say you're like oh yeah that's a legitimate flavor yeah even okay so the pumpkin spice in my opinion this is just my opinion because kind of an obvious flavor in obvious flavor yes but and I'm like not that into it fine if that's my last flavor one would do not drink it no probably not but if when it comes to banana because I don't like pumpkin pie you know how certain people like really love pumpkin pie and that's it no but monopo I don't know anybody like that yeah I don't couple people really yes but are you sure bro are you exaggerating I think you know someone that old beats pumpkin pie it is not for your five you they won't eat keep high put it that's where you're at right okay so if I'm not mistaken I exaggerated a little bit but you know what I mean it's fine say that because there's not one single person on the planet that only eats just pumpkin by one hundred percent when the other prizes yes that yes or a pilgrim's pilgrims eat pumpkin pie that's all oh yeah I think they eat apple pie yeah they do anyway so cool the point is banana cream pie that is a legitimate one where it's like hey banana cream pie and then there's like everything else hmm I'm one of those people but dad's one of those people there you go be seated in a game in the game fully so banana cream milk like that's that's that's good no good flavor we also got the drinks I'm drinking one right now I check a lot of these drinks this one go in a can you can get it you can get it out wall wall if you're on the east coast and for a little while they were there was a little break pumping going on because the logistics train look logistics wins wars it took me a little bit of time to get that logistics train right now there's a hate can you pump the brakes a little bit guess what logistics train is a moving out of the tracks rolling the wall wall roll into wall wall clear out the shelves they didn't want me saying that for a little while I'm back saying it going to wall wall clear out the shelves also vitamin shop and by the way all this stuff all this supplementation if you want to subscribe to it if you want to get that krill oil showing up once a month you want to get that join war fair showing up once a month if you want to go on subscription shipping is free at origin us a dot com ad jockel fuel dot com subscribe get it forever and you'll use to say on this podcast support the podcast as you support yourself by the way you are supporting the podcast when you support yourself with some supplementation yeah 100% and energy drinks that are healthy that's kind of a thing you know well not really it's a thing with us that's what I'm saying it's not a thing with anybody else I'm saying it actually there's no one else that said you know what oh we want our we want our energy drink to be healthy so we are going to go to the end degree and paste your eyes it so we don't have to put any chemicals in it yeah that's where we went who else is with us there oh look around you know who I see nobody yeah and you know it's not a thing it's a thing for us there's what I'm saying it is now so what and you're talking even from like a banking standpoint where it's like yeah we're not going to do that we're not going to do it we're just going to obviously good but as a human being I don't now I don't have to go hey I need some energy I'm going to pay the price a little bit but I need that energy right now say hey let's pay that price you know there's no sacrifice no sacrifice well pound it energy drink I don't I don't even need energy right now I just want to drink that energy drink and guess what I'm going to be more healthy afterwards when it comes down to it I'm going to be more healthy and I got my energy drink you done good you made up for your pumpkin pie station also at origin USA you can get American made stuff when I say stuff I mean jeans American made denim kind of a big deal it's a real big deal because you're probably thinking oh I you know I'm I'm supporting America I got these iconic American jeans and then you find out that your iconic American jeans are made in China yeah which is bad yeah get your American get your iconic American jeans made in America yeah it's kind of own in America sewn in America you're eight like a food or something and it says all natural then you find out wait it's not all natural though like I guess it's like they play all natural cheese puffs right come on bra it's like they play you you know the words like it's all natural given the fact that it's not all natural you seem saying it's almost like that where it's like yeah these iconic American jeans oh yeah right and yeah maybe they're like so it just depends on what you mean by all it depends on what you mean by natural depends on what you mean by iconic and it depends on what you mean by American but you're not playing that game over here origin USA or it USA is in the name there's no plan words there's nothing like that no trickery made no without compromise jeans boots rash guards t-shirts what what else you want yeah we got it yeah these I think it's a rash guards but yeah all good it's all including you think you're a retribution inclusive yes inclusive of the geese gee no gee we're with you very much so it's a for both also jocco is a door it's called jocco store this where you can get discipline equals freedom stuff t-shirts, hats hoodies lightweight and heavyweight hoodies much of cool stuff on there in my opinion so yeah go there see if you like something get something we also have a subscription situation going on with the shirts additional shirts additional designs so recently one of the many designs that have been released so people have been calling me personally calling me phone call not text phone call hey uh is that design still available are you gonna sell that design it seemed like people really like the design it's true the answer is maybe but to avoid having to call me or whatever just jump on that jump on that it's called the shirt locker yeah there's a design every month that reminds me of the master so we have the master there always sell out and three weeks out from the master like someone I know will send me an email hey I realized I didn't sign up for the master you know I it looks like it's sold out but you know I just need three seats yeah three and and I'm like hey I wish I could I wish I could help you this is an actual limitation like the fire marshal says this is how many people can be in there and we have it fooled fit filled don't put yourself in that situation yeah at least don't put yourself in that situation yeah it's true maintain control yeah invest upfront so you can relax later that's why you leave a little bit early you leave a little bit early like like I was supposed to meet you here today right I left a little bit early why did I do that so I wasn't stressing I was just driving oh there's a you know a little little lady crossing the street she's taken a while am I honking no I'm just take your time man there's a construction guy he's got the little sign flipping you know stop there's broken construction going am I mad at that guy no my mad at him I got plenty of time to get to the gym because I got on it early because I got on it I invested early now other people in this situation didn't investor I get a text once I'm here that says yeah you're gonna be late echo Charles gonna be late did you how do you feel about that? oh well you know I was not stressing but hey that's just me I guess maybe you need to add some stress in your life then bro well in this particular situation now that you brought it up I didn't you did and that's fine so you know while I was executing my sequence to come down here and record okay I got tasked with the last minute thing and I had to do that I had to do that thing so yeah okay are you talking about a task that came from me? yes okay you talking about a task that came from me at seven o'clock in the morning or such well you know my my sequence this is very complex you're wake up from seed you're all right yeah either way get on the shirt it's called the shirt locker new shirt every month on jockelstore dot com that's where you can get it go there get on it early you won't have to worry about missing any any designs or anything like that you can subscribe to this podcast there's a bunch of different places where it's hosted we also have jockel and ravling which I've been recording with Darrell Cooper we're going deep into some crazy subjects unraveling history and seen where how we got where we're at we have the grounded podcast we have the warrior kid podcast we also the the underground jockel underground dot com we're doing we're recording a little podcast there the reason that we're doing that is so that we don't have to have sponsors because why because we don't want sponsors because then they dictate what we can and can't do which we don't like we also don't want to have the platforms themselves be able to dictate what we can and cannot do now look we the platforms been good to us so far everyone's been okay with what we're doing that's fine what happens when they're not what happens when they decide they're just going to take a sort of injecting advertisements onto our podcast and when I say all I mean everyone all of our suit what do we do then we don't have control so we made we made the jockel underground podcast jockel underground dot com across a dollars and eighteen cents a month great way to support what we're doing if you can't look if you can't afford it we're look we are a podcast of the people that's why this podcast is free that's why this podcast doesn't have advertising other than what we're doing right now what you could have turned off 48 minutes ago before echo even started talking but if you can't afford it that's cool email assistance ad jockel underground dot com we'll still hook you up that's what we're here for we have a youtube channel where echo post videos and you can subscribe to that one also origin USA has a YouTube channel is that what it's called origin USA has a youtube channel yet technically at the end of the day but it's like a series you know like you know a youtube channel but it's a super general thing but there's just like a series you know that's an origin HD rads a series yeah that's what that's what you're talking about right yeah because origin HD is on the youtube channel of origin or in USA yeah well and echo makes a lot of those videos and the ones that are really good are usually the ones on the system directorals uh psychological warfare yeah to double tracks you know you need jockel to help you get past the moment a week this you're like kind of like a therapist in a way or what you call like a life coach yeah it's a life coach your life coach because you don't like a coach with a baseball bat essentially know the life coach is the the what you call the classic with a stereotypical situation is like hey I'm about to I don't you know I just quit smoking and it's like I feel like really feel like smoking it's really like you know on my mind to call your life coach and they tell you gently like why you shouldn't smoke or give you a turn so far and all this stuff so jocquads is on version of that which is called psychological warfare so it's recorded what you do is you get it's now but with tracks or jocquatels you hate don't skip that workout you've come this far you can do it it's kind of you need to make one of these that was very motivated by that jocquads in his way we'll just say also we got folks I can't have a foot type canvas dot com decoder my are making cool stuff to hang on your wall we got a bunch of books look all the books I talked about today uh by levison wood the latest one that should be available for pre-order right now it's called the art of exploration that's when I was reading out of today we got final spin which is a look it's a novel because it's not specifically true but it's also not a book it's like it's just a whole different gig final spin if you want it's a new art form that's what echo Charles did so I started the back you might have nailed it you might have nailed it so it is a new art form of writing and it's in a book called final spin which is coming out if you want to get the first adish better order it now leadership strategy and tactics the code the evaluation of protocol discipline goes freedom field manual way of the warrior kid one two three and four my key in the dragons about face I wrote the forward on the new one and of course extreme ownership and that economy of leadership I have a leadership consultancy called echelon front we saw problems through leadership you go to echelon front dot com if you want me and my team to come and work with your company that's what we do we have eF online online training leadership you can get it anywhere you can get on your phone we're on there all the time we're doing live Q&A's we've got a bunch of courses to take it's freaking awesome we got the master 2021 we are executing last time we didn't execute because I got miss Rona this time so I'm good now we're happening Orlando May 25th and 26th Phoenix August 17th and 18th Las Vegas October 28th and 29th everything that we've done has sold out go to extreme ownership dot com if you want to come don't be emailing me six days out saying you need three I hate to I sorry I didn't get to you but I just need three seats I can't I can't help you sometimes in the SEAL teams I would tell guys like hey this if you do if you make this mistake I can't help you you want to do something like look you do some dumb stuff I got you if you do something at this level of stupidity I can't there's literally nothing I can do don't be doing dumb shit yes sir you have battlefield this is learning lessons as we walk historical battlefield just did recently did get his bird we're planning others in the future again go do go to echelonfront dot com look for events on there if you want to come and meet us you don't have dinner you want to walk the battlefield you want to do Q&A face to face we look for to see you know at those if you want to help service members active and retired their families gold star families check out marklies mom momily she has a charity organization helping out all these groups all over the place if you want to donate or get involved to go to America's mighty warriors dot org and if you want more of my perpetual pronouncements or you need more of echelos convoluted conversation you can find us on the in a web's on twitter instagram which echoing calls the ground and facebook echoes at echel Charles i am at jocke one link and for levison check out levison wood dot com his twitter's levison wood his instagram is levison dot wood and also he's on facebook at levison wood and thanks once again to levison for for joining us again sharing some of the stories with us you could you could crack open any one of those stories and find a gem and and thanks to levison for your service and thanks to your father and your grandfather and to the fierce island nation of the united kingdom thanks for standing beside us for so long in the fight against evil and thanks to all the service men and women and veterans around the world that put on the uniform and shoulder the weight of freedom with your service and sacrifice and to people here at home in service police law enforcement firefighters paramedics emt's dispatchers correctional officers board a patrol secret service and all the first responders out there you don't get thanked enough for what you do so thank you for doing it and everybody else out there you already know what you know you already know what you know you've been there you had done that you've seen what you've seen don't stay in the same spot do like levison wood does literally and metaphorically go out go go see go do go live go explore and until next time this is echo and juggle out