 This is Jockel podcast number three, 17 with echo Charles and me, Jockel willing. Good evening, echo. Good evening. All right. The Marine Corps, specifically the Marine Corps, Institute has, well they seem to do this on a regular basis, they put out manuals with, with some incredible insight about leadership, about human nature, about combat. It is not just about combat. It's not just about combat at all. The things that they put out applied directly to business and to life in general, and I'm going to read some excerpts today from a manual that was actually designed for remote learning, and I think these days when we think a remote learning, we think of Zoom calls. This is old school remote learning where you get a book, read a book, read a section, learn about something, take tests inside the sections. It's a, it's one of those. It's a remote learning old school remote learning where you'd get a book, a manual, filling answers, read sections, this particular class is called infantry squad leader, combat leadership. And I'm just going to review some of the texts. If you go online, there's, you can go online and get this manual, and there's questions, and there's quizzes, and there's, it's a full-on course, but the text that's in it, it's a very well written text, and addresses things that apply to everything that everyone does all the time, every day, stuff, stuff we all have to contend with. So here we go. infantry squad leader from the Marine Corps Institute, combat leadership. It starts off with a little cover letter from the director of the Marine Corps Institute. This, this subject course provides instruction for all marine NGOs on the conditions of combat, and how they can begin to prepare their Marines for combat. Now, if you aren't a Marine and you're a business leader or you're a football coach or you're a parent in a family, I think you're going to see this applies to you too, 100% and it'll do you and I can throw around 100% from time to time, just sort of a little bit much, 100%. But I'm telling you this one right here, 100%. So starts off, and this is the way they, but this is what I like about the Marine Corps thinks through some stuff. Here's something they've fought through. It starts off with us. Congratulations on your enrollment in a distance education course from the distance learning and technologies department of the Marine Corps Institute. Since 1920, the Marine Corps Institute has been helping tens of thousands of hard charging Marines like you improve their technical job performance skills through distance learning. By enrolling in this course, you have shown a desire to improve the skills you have and master new skills to enhance your job performance. They're building you up just as you read this. You're getting in the game. Here's your personal character. Actually, it's going to tell you what your personal characteristics are. You are properly motivated. You have made a positive decision to get training on your own. Self motivation is perhaps the most important force in learning or achieving anything. Doing whatever is necessary to learn is motivation. You have it. That's a good tactic by the way. You seek to improve yourself. Now again, does this apply to just Marines and combat? How many human beings are looking to improve themselves? Everyone. You seek to improve yourself. You unroll to improve those skills. You already possess and learn new skills when you improve yourself. You improve the core. You have the initiative to act by acting on your own. You have shown you are a self-starter willing to reach out for opportunities to learn and grow. These are the most positive attributes they can put on a human being and they're just throwing them. How about this one? You accept challenges. You have self confidence and belief in your ability to acquire knowledge and skills. You have the self confidence to set goals in the ability to achieve them and enabling you to meet every challenge. You are able to set and accomplish practical goals. You are willing to commit time, effort and resources necessary to set and accomplish your goals. These professional traits will help you successfully complete this distance learning course. I was actually thinking we were going to go into like all another realm of living. But it is going to help us with this distance learning course as well. Start off a little section called characteristics of combat. Every Marine is a warrior, a potential combat leader. You may be in combat tomorrow. Regardless of how well your unit is trained, you must harden yourself for your first action. You do not need to experience combat in order to understand the essential requirements for leading your Marines in combat. However, it is fundamental, it is your fundamental responsibility to physically and mentally prepare yourself and your Marines for battle. Now, are we just talking about Marines? What about life? What about life? You may be in a hard situation tomorrow. That's what's going on. So you got to prepare for that. So this starts off with an excerpt. This is probably the longest excerpt that I'm going to read. It's from a book called the Forgotten Soldier by Guy Sare. It's a book that we actually haven't covered on this podcast. I'm going to a little bit of why that is. But here we go. We had just witnessed two or three major assaults. From the screams of anguish to our left, we concluded that a great many of our men had been killed. We had emptied five magazines and were warming our fingers on the hot metal of the machine gun. Our six and last magazine had been attached and we were anxiously waiting for fresh supplies. The night was continuously lit by the explosions of thousands of Russian shells, which made movement extremely difficult. Our trenches, which in any case were not deep enough, extended only to certain positions. The others had to be reached by leaps and bounds, alternating with plunges to the ground and writhing on our stomachs across dozens of yards of snow mixed with chunks of frozen earth. From time to time, we could see four figures moving toward us jumping from crater to crater carrying shells for our 50 millimeter mortar and magazines for the spand out. They were still about 40 yards away when their shadowing mass was surrounded by a flash of white light. We never heard any cries. A few minutes later, I was sent out to crawl to the point of impact. The sergeant ordered me to bring back at least two magazines. I had just arrived at my destination when I heard the Russian assault cry, followed by shower of grenades and mortar shells. The ground shook beneath me in a manner which defied all predictions. I felt like a pea inside a fierce, ferociously beaten drum. I was lying flat on the ground among the bodies of comrades killed only a few minutes before unable to see any of the supplies I'd been sent to fetch. Then I heard the sound of a tank. The darkness all around me was broken by streaks of light and large pink and yellow explosions. In a momentary beam from some headlight, I could see a small sign marked S157. I opened my mouth wide as prescribed because I could hardly breathe and lay where I was frantically groping for something to hang onto in the diabolical setting where horizontal and vertical alternated to the rhythm of the lights which slashed the darkness. I thought that I could recognize the uproar. The crackle of the weapon I had operated with whiner before, I had only left a moment ago and felt that my sanity might be close to collapse. I could see no escape from my situation and lay glued to the ground with my head down like a trust animal waiting for the butcher's axe. So it goes on a little bit further with this section which is out of that book that forgotten soldier. We haven't covered that book on the podcast, the forgotten soldier. We probably will at some point. There's some disputes about the veracity of the book and the author, I think I just read a little bit more about this last night. The author, Guy Sarah, he, there's some important details that he misses that he just gets wrong. One of them is there's some patch that they had in this unit and it was this highly regarded patch and he talks about how they sewed it onto their right sleeve or left sleeve or something like that. And people that were in that unit said no way would any buddy that was in that unit ever make a mistake about where to sew that patch on. That's one of the types of things or there's certain weapons that he talks about that weren't there. He talks about an aircraft that didn't exist at this time. So there's some things in there that there's some details that were wrong and some of the veterans that fought in the same battles. This him have called Mount Sinan. This guy is not telling the truth about some stuff. And then there's other veterans that talk about the battles or that he writes about and say hey the only way he would know this stuff is if he was there. So and here's the thing memory is not accurate and people's memories aren't accurate and certainly people's memory about intense combat operations is inaccurate and he eventually made a statement about that and kind of said that said hey if you want to know the historical details go ask a general that was in an action about to go off a little bit. He doesn't say that. Go he says go ask a military historian go ask a general because that's what they do. I didn't want to do that. I'm my books about the emotions of a combat soldier. But the reason they put this in here is to get a good account of the chaos and mayhem and fear inside a combat and then you roll right into this section here which is called fear of combat. It starts off with this we have all experienced fear. In combat fear can dominate the situation unless you and your Marines can control it. Extreme fear brings out your instinct for self preservation. Survival drive survival is a very strong drive which generally will be a priority concern to any Marine. As I was reading this and again I'm reading these things in the context of life and fear is something that people contend with every single day and it's all in all kinds of different levels but whether it's fear of presenting in front of a client whether it's fear of asking for a raise whether it's fear of confronting some situation whether it's fear of going to a Gigiitsu class for the first time like there's all kinds of fears that people face on a daily basis. And here's some good information that yes it'll help you if you're combat Marine but it'll also help you if you're a human. Specific sources of fear. peacetime training may not prepare your Marines for the reality that combat is often a matter of killer be killed. Some of the specific sources of fear in combat are possibility of being killed wounded or captured fear of killing. Noise and sights of combat apprehensive that you might not measure up as a Marine under fire and the last one is fatigue. So possibility of being killed wounded or captured this is a natural source of fear and always we will be present in your Marines. It may lead your Marines to run away from battle or do irrational things in battle. There is no sure way to know which Marine may be subject to such an extreme reaction to fear to this fear until you get in a combat. Fear of killing this is not uncommon. Our society is a peaceful one by nature. We are raised to respect the rights of all human beings and have to and to have respect for life. To forget these facts is to ignore the reality of our culture. Another one is the noise and sights of combat. These elements have a traumatic shocking impact on the senses. This causes confusion and a sense of chaos that can be come particularly unnerving. No peace, I'm training can completely prepare you and your Marines for the carnage and emotional impact of combat. To ignore this aspect of combat is to create a lack of understanding that could prove totally debilitating to your Marines. One thing I like about this is it's no no punches are pulled. Hey guess what? The carnage and emotional impact of combat are you're not going to be able to train for that 100%. You can't completely train for that. It doesn't sugarcoat. And then the last one is the apprehension that you might not measure up as a Marine under fire or let your buddies down may be common among your Marines. All of your Marines want to be successful. Their fears may play on this desire and they may be definitely afraid of letting you or their fellow Marines down. This particular fear may serve as a positive factor by keeping your unit cohesive during battle. It could be detrimental if the fear overcomes the desire to succeed. And they've got a quote in here from SLA Marshall, Metagins Fire. When fires sweeps the field, nothing keeps a man from running. Except a sense of honor. The bound obligation to the people right around him of fear of failure in their site, which might eternally disgrace him. So it's interesting to think about, so this is like it says a positive factor. So how does it become a negative factor? It becomes a negative factor when your fear of letting people down doesn't allow you to actually go and do something. So if you, obviously on the battlefield, that could be a thing. I don't want to take charge of that. I don't want to step up because I don't want to make a bad decision. I don't want to let my friends down. And it can happen in everyday life. This does happen in everyday life. People don't want to look stupid. People don't want to have people say, oh, you know, Jockel failed. Jockel is a loser. So instead, I just don't try anything. So we have to be careful with that. This is, I think, a good thing to think about is even though people, let's say you try something echo Charles and you fail, I might even verbally owe echo. See, he's a loser. But you know what? I think subconsciously, and in some cases, consciously, everybody knows everybody respects that you got, you know, you got up. You took a swing, right? Took a swing at bat. And especially if they're cowards themselves and it's really easy to sit in the audience and watch and poke fun. Right? Don't be that person. That's it. It's the audience and poke fun. Get up to bat. Don't be afraid of looking bad. I guess my point is, don't be afraid of looking bad because you don't actually look bad. When you make an attempt, when you step up, people respect it. Even if they try and bring you down, they're they're lying. They're just trying to bring you down because they know that you stepped up and they didn't. Don't be afraid of that. And the last source of fear is fatigue. Both mental and physical fatigue is a source of fear. As you become exhausted, your ability to reason maybe get into deteriorate. As you become more and more tired, you may become indecisive and slow and carrying out your orders. When you confront the daily and costly with the stress of combat coupled with fatigue, you and your Marines may feel helpless and unable to continue the fight. And they've got a quote in here from major general heart from a book called Determination in Bathletes says, there's no doubt that troops, however well-led, can only take the stress of battle for so long. Then they break. Ask any commander at any level who tries to overdraw the account. It's according disaster. The mental and the physical constantly interact. Therefore, physical fatigue, hunger, disease, thirst and above all, the stress of adverse climactic climatic conditions can reduce the physical state of the soldier to such an extent that is will to fight will be broken. Fatigue makes cowards of us all echo Charles. Do you agree with that? Do you feel like I'm personally attacking you right now? Yeah, if you want to. Yeah, that is a disturbing thing. But this is something that you don't fall prey to it quite as much, but man in the early days of Jiu Jitsu. And by early days, when you were like a purple belt, you didn't like it and tired at all. You used to really bother you. I still don't like getting tired. But I think, you know, when you can kind of reconcile the whole big picture where, you know, this kind of, it's obvious now, or like, okay, the best way to fight your fears to get used to that thing, that you don't like or whatever. So, yeah, so yeah, you conditioned, but here's this is how I know that I still don't like it. We're like, if I didn't, if I haven't done any conditioning for a while, and I'm like, I gotta get back into conditioning that first day, I'm like, oh my god, this is, I can feel it. It's like, is it, is I wouldn't call it a fear of the conditioning, but you ever had a work, yeah, like, you know, okay, you know how you stuck on the 20 reps squats, right? You know, when you got the 20 reps squats coming and you know that pain is coming, you know, you can't get the butterflies a little bit before that, I mean, I don't know if you do. I don't get the butterflies, I get like the, I get rationalization. You know, so I'll be thinking, you know what, I don't, this is, this is really kind of the work out that's really good for you. You know what I mean, I like start having all these conversations with myself. Yeah, and it's just lies. Yeah, that's part of it too, but mine was for real, like, I'll be nervous of the conditioning, like I don't, because and maybe this has a lot to do with like the kind of workouts that I've always like done or whatever, where you kind of have a standard where you, you know, okay, so if I have four exercises that I'm going to do as part of conditioning circuit, I four exercises, and I do one, the other, do the other, and I have a time to rest in between, like, you know, 20 seconds or 30 seconds or do them all with no rest and then rest 30 seconds or whatever. To me, if I don't, if I have to rest more than the 30 seconds, like, I can't go, you know, like, I can't, like, you know, 30 seconds comes and I can't go because I got to rest more, I failed to work up. It's like going for a PR and failing it, right? How do you measure the 30 seconds? I have a clock going. What do you press start when you get to the end of whatever you're doing? No, so you just have the stopwatch going, so you start it and then you do it and you keep the stopwatch at that first circuit. So when you're done and you're back to the first circuit or you're, you're, you're finished the last circuit, you see and you do the math in your hands. You just run the math. Do you ever do work out to where you're not thinking straight? Like, it's for the running math because sometimes when I'm, I'm not running math. Yeah, it's an added thing. There's just some things going on. Yeah, 30 seconds is easy, though. Yeah. To run the math, but oh, yeah, it's an additional mental thing. That kind of, it's like, a mental conditioning for every two minutes. Yeah, but I'll be nervous though before it. Like, if I don't, if I haven't been doing it for a while, I'll be like kind of nervous like, what if I can't do it? You know, it's my workout. Well, now what am I scared of you? But I was saying I'll have that thought. It's weird. All right. Well, that's an effective fear, which is the next section here. A effects on the squad. Fear is infectious. It can destroy the effectiveness of your squad, recognize fear and deal with it promptly. Poison important as a leader. Automatic body reactions physically, your body reacts when threatened or when you anticipate danger listed below are automatic body reactions to fear trembling, heart pounding, irrational laughter, sweating, tunnel vision, auditory exclusion, fight or flight response. Have you ever been trembling and fear before? Not that I can. What about, so when you're getting ready for these workouts that you're scared of? I'm not trembling. Have you ever, I remember sometimes when we were getting ready to do an off, like I look at some people in the room and sometimes they, not trend. I'm trembling, no, but like shaking, like taping their foot real hard and just that kind of stuff moving around a lot. Super nervous. Well, that makes sense. 100%. Yeah, you're going to go in on a military operation. Yes, they're interesting. But no, I haven't been on a military operation. I guess in football games before football games, I'd y'all in all the time for them. That's one of those things. It's like involuntary. Yeah, where it's weird, but what about your stomach? Yes, you know, like I'll feel a little bit sick. Yeah, so it would be, and it wouldn't be my stomach. I'd have a weird gag reflex and remember, remember Scott Catlin. Oh yeah, yeah. So he would like everyone's while he'd be at the tournament with me or whatever and he'd be in training with me and stuff a lot. So in the tournaments, like before my first match, only I'd have a weird gag, like almost like I want to throw up. And I did it feel consciously nervous, but obviously, we're obviously, yeah, my body was like, I wouldn't like throw up, but I had a weird gag thing and he'd be like, don't start their shit now. And actually, know what though, what I messed up here is that this is, I don't think I said it's not. It is fear. I was going to say maybe this is just about fatigue, because it says fatigue causes fear. I was thinking that this was just fatigue, but no, this is actually just what fear does to you. Some psychological reactions to inability to make decisions, obsession with minor details, oh, I've seen that before. Lack of confidence, breakdown of discipline. You've in in psychology for the incompetence, military incompetence. He talked about how some leaders would become obsessed with details. Good, that's because they were just scared. Oh, we need to do this again. Let me go. Let me get her. Yeah. Yeah. Something I want you out for. Some extreme reactions to fear occur when the individual has confronted a situation where death appears to be imminent during such instances, two basic forms of behavior have been observed. Aggression and rage, one freezing under fire, two. Going to some details, aggression and rage from combat motivation by Anthony Kelet was this statement from a German soldier on the eastern front during World War II describing how German soldiers reacted when overrun by Russian hordes. The quote below describes aggression and rage, we fault like rats, which do not hesitate to spring with all their teeth buried when they are cornered by a man infinitely larger than they are. And then freezing under fire, the other and the spectrum from Medikas fire by Assela Marshall came the term freezing under, writing about action in Omaha Beach, World War II, the Copa low describes freezing under fire. They sat there numbly in the line of fire, their minds blanked out, their fingers to nerveless to hold the weapon. Fighter flight, that's what we're talking about. And here's some conditions that stimulate fear. You got to overcome your own fears, though you share the same risks in fear. You must be able to overcome your own fear and provide the leadership necessary to achieve success in combat. The Marines you lead are your Marines. You've lived, trained, sweated and grown into an effective fighting unit together. Before you face a violent brutal and cunning enemy, you must understand the conditions that stimulate fear, inspire confidence and encourage in and encourage in your Marines. This is a quote here from Battle Leadership Captain Vaughn Shell, which we've covered on white. I don't know, maybe the fourth or fifth podcast here. In peace, we learn how to lead companies, battians, regiments, even divisions and armies. We learn in books and by maps how one fights and wins battles, but we are not instructed in the thoughts, the hopes, the fears that run riot in the mind of the front lines soldier. There are three conditions that stimulate fear, unexpected unknown and feelings of helplessness. That's a good breakdown. Yes, it is unexpected. Well, unknown and helplessness of whole. And I think that's the tired part where tired fatigue is like part of fear. Yeah, because you know you're going to be helpless. Straight up. Unexpected. Enemy actions that appear as a surprise will have a powerful impact upon your Marines. Being surprised by the enemy has been described as causing the quote, will that control's fear to sag and crumble. When your Marines begin to sense that they do not have control over their situation, they may begin to panic at such moments. You must exert a strong influence upon them to maintain control over the unit's actions. Surprises a big deal. I can't help but think of this. I also think of the other end of the spectrum. The opposite end of the spectrum, which is what you want to impose surprise on your enemy. Right, you want to. That's one of the speed surprising violence of action. One of the models of the seal teams and really have combat in general. Because that's what it does. It's the same thing. And you know, like on the mats. That's a surprise thing. That's when you get caught. Unknown. Your Marines will worry about what they have not seen and what they do not know. You will have a tendency to think the enemy is much greater in strength than ability, but really is not. Do not be deceived as to enemy strength or capabilities to exaggerate it in impressions. This is Mikey in the dragons. The dragons you think the dragons are all being big and scary, but they're not. And this is something important to think about. Because the context here is like, hey, you're leading troops and they're scared of the enemy. They're scared of your competitor. They think the competitors got all the advantages. They don't. Feelings of helplessness. You. And it's got that capitalized. You must prevent this from taking hold. Act to direct and inspire the response against the enemy. Everyone has a job that must be accomplished. Ensure that everyone is doing what must be done. And this is key. Action is a way to prevent this condition from taking hold. Keep your Marines busy. Now look, I don't like saying keep people busy. And they do actually talk about this a decent amount in this book, but I have to admit that it is true. The same thing that causes an individual to get obsessed with some details is the same thing when you're teet. They're trying to distract their mind from what's going on. So you can actually utilize activity to prevent this. But also, so there's one thing like, oh, I can see that Ecos nervous about tomorrow. Hey, Ecos, can you do me favor and help me load up the vehicles with water? And you're like, okay, because now you're thinking about that. That's one part of it. Like almost that administrative part of it. But then also, if there's something happening, for if we're in a gunfight and you start freaking out or you start looking scared, you know, it's echo, get over there, pick up security in that door. Okay, now you got something to do. You got, you know, so there's an administrative way to do it. And there's also an active moment to actually give people direction. And as soon as we're taking action, we're moving in the right direction. We're moving in the right direction for taking action. One of the worst things we can do is let the team sit there and dwell over what's unfolding around us. Let's do something. There's an example in here. He was firing behind a log. His face was gray. His eyes were dull and without hope. He stopped firing and looked around. It didn't do any good. He said, his voice was flat and he was speaking to no one in particular. I got three of them, but did do any good. They just kept coming. They just keep coming. Platoon sergeant, Kazimere, Palakowski, known as ski. Said, what the hell are you beefing at? You get paid for it. Don't you? The kid managed to grin as ski crawled on down the line. The boy, now a man, was once more squeezing them off. That's from a book called Guadalcanal Diary, Richard Trugaskis, leadership role. Additionally, the first shock of realizing that the enemy actually intends to kill you is a powerful factor that everyone will face. Until this threshold is crossed and your marines become accustomed to the to functioning under fire, you must act decisively to ignite the confidence and individual actions that will transform fear into an aggressive response. Your presence as a leader has tremendous value in overcoming fear, particularly at night, adverse weather, or during loll's in the action. During these times, imaginations run wild. And your marines think they may be alone or isolated. So again, taking action and influencing there to be action in these moments when people are nervous or scared, that's a great move to overcome fear. Next section is stresses of combat. And again, these are extreme examples. This is combat examples, but there's stress in every job, there's stress in every business, there's stress in life. Killing the enemy that's trying to kill you is only half the battle. To your marines and during discomfort fatigue and the other hazards and stresses of combat is what must be done so that they can succeed in combat. Sources of stress in combat fatigue, discomfort casualties boredom. As you become for fatigue, as you become increasingly tired, you will lose the ability to make decisions rapidly. You will become more easily confused, disoriented and ultimately ineffective. You must understand the effects of fatigue on yourself and your marines and when to provide for rest, especially amidst the chaos of battle. Here's some key indicators of fatigue, reckless disregard for safety yourself, of self or fellow marines, excessive caution or unwillingness to expose oneself to risk, failure to fire weapons, lack of concern for the condition of weapons or other equipment, lack of concern for personal clenliness. So all those things are what we need to watch out for as leaders, when people are not engaged anymore. Develop, here's some things you can do, develop a sleep plan for your unit that to ensure that everyone including yourself gets a minimum of four hours of sleep per day, situation permitted. Rest is preventative treatment that keeps senseless casualties from occurring. So there you go, Aquatrolse. Making sure, I want you to make sure you get four hours. Listen for those people that are freak out because I wake up early and think I hate sleep. I don't hate sleep. Sleep is good for you. You should sleep a bunch. It's when you heal. It's when you get strong. It's how you maintain your mental and physical health. So you should sleep and you should sleep a lot. Which is why I thought it was kind of funny that they said, hey, look, hey, Adam minimum, you've got to get four hours. I will say that's a number, though, in extreme situations. Four hours is like something that you can maintain, functional for a long period of time. I know I can. Under four hours and it starts to chip away at me after a while. But if I can sleep for four hours, I'm kind of stoked. No, I know not normal day, normal day to day life. I sleep like six hours. Because that's what the body needs. Some people say eight, some people it's five, you know, different. Marines adversely suffering from the effects of being cold, wet, hungry thirst, your weary will determine their ability to fight well. Marines tend to develop a high tolerance for enduring the extremes of weather without much support. However, there is a point where morale is affected and your units actual ability to fight becomes questionable. At the first opportunity provide dry clothing protection from the elements food and water. There you go. So sources of stress in combat, the following excerpt from battle at best by SLA Marshall describes how taken care of your Marines pays its dividends in combat. And again, we covered SLA Marshall on this podcast. I forget what number and there's some definite concerns with the veracity of him and some of the information that he put out. But as I said, when we covered on the podcast, don't throw out the baby with the bath water. This is a really interesting case. At dark on eight December, the snowfall ceased and the cold intensified. Down along the canyon road, near the water gate, a brisk wind was piling the drifts as high as a man's head. At the battalion CP, which was partly sheltered by the canyon wall, the thermometer red 30 degrees below zero. Up on the wind swept cracks where Abel Company was clearing Chinese dead from the bunkers to make room for its own ranks. And at the same time, preparing to evacuate its own casualties down the iced slopes of the mountains, it must have been a touch colder than that, though there was no reading of the temperature. All batteries had frozen. Weapons were stiffening. The camp long since had run out of water because the freezing of cantines. To ease their thirst, the men ate snow and seemed to thrive on it. But of the many problems raised by the weather, the most severe one was getting an average good man to observe what the field manual so easily described as a, quote, common sense precaution. For example, prior to marching, Captain Barrow of Abel made certain that each of his men carried two spare pairs of socks. But that safeguard did not of itself ensure his force, though the men with feet, swedded from the rigors of the day were all at the point of becoming frostbite casualties by the hour of the Bivowack. And here's what Captain Barrow said. I learned that night that only leadership will save men under winter conditions. It's easy to say that men should change socks, getting it done as another matter. Boothlaces become iced over during prolonged engagements and snowdrifs. It's a fight to get a boot off the foot. When a man removes his gloves to struggle with the laces, it seems to him that his hands are freezing. His impulses all against it. So I found it necessary to do this by order, staying with the individuals until they had changed, then making them get up and move about to restore circulation. That process, simple in the telling consumed hours, by the time Barrow was satisfied that his command was relatively snug. It was wearing on toward midnight. Right then, his perimeter was hit by a counterattack and enemy force and puttune strength plus striking along the ridge line from a prop from 1081 in approximately the same formation which Barrow had used during the afternoon. All that needs to be told of his small action is summed up in Barrow's brief radio report. They hit us, we killed them all, all that we could see. We have countered 18 fresh bodies just outside our lines. By the way, this is Captain Barrow that became the 27th Commodant. So he had to go person to person and physically make sure they were doing exactly what he told them to do. Because the tendency is to curl up into a ball and die. And we covered some of the prison camps in Korea and that that individual specifically talked about that decision. Is there was people that just gave up and they're not going to do anything else and they're not going to try and they just accept the death. And the guys that live for the guys that said, no, I'm not going to give up. But these little things, like, you know, your feet are sweating and your socks are wet from working all day, climbing up this mountain and then you get up there and you're going to be up there for a while. You have to change your socks or a little too. You're going to freeze. And your ice is our laced up and it's colder than 30 degrees below zero. There's another source of stress in combat casualties. Seeing a fellow Marine go down has a traumatic impact upon you and your Marines brutal combat as brutal and casualties are to be expected. The shock of seeing your buddies wounded or killed in a possibility that may happen to them adds the fear and apprehension of the survivors. It increases your Marines reluctance to take risks and obey you. How individuals respond after their units taken casualties is a key indicator of their effectiveness of their training, self-discipline and preparation for combat. Proper care for your wounded has a great effect upon morale, assuring your Marines that if they are hit, their fellow Marines will take care of them. There's an unwritten code among Marines that if wounded and unable to defend for yourself another Marine will come to your aid. And look, that exists in the Marine Corps, but that should exist in your team too. Your organization, someone has a problem, someone has an issue, someone has a sick kid, someone has a they get sick themselves and you take care of them. That's going to help them. It's going to it's going to bring your unit closer together. Says your Marines need to recognize that the quicker they take the objective, the quicker their fallen comrades get help. Stopping to take care of your fellow Marines during the assault will bog down the unit. During the assault Marines cannot stop to aid a fallen comrades. The corpsmen will take care of the casualties in the best possible manner until you are able to send for help. That's something we learn basically day one, win the fight. That's also a prioritized next-cute scenario. That's probably the first prioritized and execute thing that I ever learned. You got to win the fight. At the first opportunity leaders and comrades should look for casualties every Marine must be accounted for dead and wounded are removed from the combat area as soon as possible. And it's got a section here about boredom. In combat, the squad leadership fight inactivity and boredom with the same tenacity used against enemy troops. That might be a bit strong. Look, I don't want my troops to be bored, but I'm going to be more tenacious against the enemy than I am against boredom. The boredom and that inactivity produces can negatively impact your squad if they become complacent. When the time comes, when the time for combat comes, this inactivity may result in a less effective unit. And there's another thing, this one thing that I think is good to think about. If you push somebody, if you're giving someone something to do, kind of making almost making it up. Not quite, but like, hey, we're going to run this battle drill again. Hey, we're going to do another briefing. Hey, we're going to review this. Hey, we're going to maintain our weapons again. If you're doing that kind of stuff, you should give them a time for, hey, right now we got an hour, relax. You should give them a specific amount of time to stand down, to relax, to take a knee, whatever. I think that is important too. If you're trying to keep them busy all the time, that's not smart. You need to find a moment to go, okay, hey, we got a half an hour, everybody, take your, take your rock off for relax. Yeah, it's so you hear, it says keep your Marines occupied by delivering intelligence briefs reviewing the rules of engagement, rehearsing immediate action drills during the walls and pace of operations by doing so, so you prevent disciplinary problems by turning your squads, thoughts away from themselves to the work at hand. Again, good. Yes, I like it. I agree with it. However, comma, you got to give people a little bit of downtime. Is that kind of parallel, whatever, to the idea of, okay, so you go to the gym, we'll say, right? So let's say you want to go to the gym after work, not before, right, after work. So if you, let's say as a routine, you go from work, you get off work, and then you go straight to the gym. That's better. Then going home first, decompressing a little bit, then going into the gym, right? You know, I don't know if what you're talking about is the same thing, but it's 100% true. I think so though, because they're, you know, when you get like, downtime or whatever, like too much downtime, essentially, right? Like where it's not like you have to rest in recover from work to go to the gym, unless you do, and that's a whole different thing. Yeah. I'm talking about the idea that you come home from your office, you know, and you're physically not exhausted, maybe mentally or, but whatever, you go straight to the gym, because you don't give your mind, just like I always said, a chance to think about like yourself, like how am I feeling that man, the mood, and it's like, it kind of creeps up on you, you know, when you have that downtime. But if you go straight to the gym, you're like, hey, we're still, we're still moving, you know, you don't get a chance to get that true. That is accurate. And then if you take that to the extreme where you also, and you're not going to be rested all the time, then you got to watch out for that. Yeah, that's almost like the idea that let's say your job is like super physically demanding. Like, you're like, what would you say to drywall hanger or something? Drywall hanger is getting after it? Yeah, well, that's one that you said you did, well, you know, either way, let's say you did, you know, 11, 12 hours a day. That's for, let's say roofers. roofers. Yeah. And hot sun, even. Boom. Okay, go home, take a little snooze or even. Then hit the gym. You can be kind of like refreshed little bit. I bet you'd be better off just going straight there. Sometimes I think so something. I think there's plenty of people here at our gym where they're coming off of a long day of working construction and then it's like right on to the mats, you know, I think it's a better move. Well, I would, for me, it's a better move. Mentally, it's a better move, I think. Yeah. Physically, you go recover a little bit. That's what I think. But you're driving here. You know, you got like half an hour, whatever. That's what I'm saying. Mentally, but because when you're driving here, you're thinking about training more than you're thinking about relaxing. I'll tell you that. You go home. Have a snack. Turn on the TV. Just for a little bit. You're letting the window close. That was the one of the conversations we once had was you're letting that window close. Yeah. Oh, let's get a little bit smaller. Oh, can't make it. Oh, you know, I got a little too busy. Sometimes my wife will wake up early. Yeah. And like, there's that, you know, whatever that gravity of, you know, she's, oh, you know, talking to me and stuff. All right. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. But we have workouts to do. You know? Yes. And that's like I'll come back down to the house to like grab some more water or something. Mm-hmm. Because I'm in my garage, you know, and then I go back down to like grab some water and she's awake. And she's just having a cup of tea because she's from the world. Yeah. And she's there. Oh, my one. And there's that gravity, you know, kind of wish she honestly no offense to my wife kind of wish she wasn't away. Because I kind of want to like hang out with her bed, you know, and I have to not. Oh, yeah. That's real. That's real. Even with us when we show up here, whatever we're going to talk about some stuff, you know, do this, do that. Yeah. The workout thing, especially with your wife because they're even if you don't want to talk to your wife. Mm-hmm. I'm not saying that's my key. Maybe, maybe, even either way, even if you don't want to talk to her. I'm pathetic. But that you do. You can't just disrespect her and be like, yeah, cool story. I'm busy. She knows what you're doing. You're working out. Take a minute. Talk to me on your wife. You know, for better words, all this stuff. And you're over here, just disney me for like some curls or whatever you're doing it, you seem saying. And that's what it really does feel like when you're doing it. So yeah, I can jam you on. Oh, my wife sleeps. I like going, she would. I like when she sleeps a little later. You don't get to get to her rest. Yeah, it's a rest. I do get to get some rest. Success and combat. The focus of this study unit is to teach you the important factors of leadership so you can perform better as a leader in both peace, time and in combat. The way that you respond to these leadership challenges is crucial to achieving success and combat factors to success. As an infantry squad leader, you control the lives of 12 Marines. They look to you for instruction and guidance. This part is important. You're most casual remark will be remembered. You're clothing, vocabulary, and method of leadership will be imitated. They're listening and it has impact. When you start making little crack and jokes about the LT, those jokes have a lot more impact when they're coming from you as a squad leader. The LT, the Lieutenant. Oh, God. When you're cracking jokes about the VP of sales, your little sales team is that those have more impact than you think. This is something I was had to be careful to. When I went from being maybe it's even to this day. When I went from being an E5 and a Poutune E5 mafia where everybody is a target. Everybody in the entire chain of command is a target for ridicule. And then all of a sudden when I became an officer, assistant, Poutune Commander, Poutune Commander, I had to freaking dial that back. You just can't be going drop a Napalm on that chain of command over every little thing. And it's tempting because it's funny and that's what you're used to. I had to dial that back. Lafel was cracks up when I go like go E5 on somebody. I start dropping the hammer on someone. Yeah. Hey, this is a side note case. So you always talk about that like the E5. It's like a thing. Yeah. E5 mafia. And I've heard of E4. I think in the E6 of course. What's with E5? That sounds to me that sounds pretty high. Like there's E1 right? Is there any one? Yeah there's E1 but you're not a new one for very long. You're like in boot camp, you're new one. You're probably going to make E2 out of boot camp. E3 you should be pretty much you know within maybe I don't know a year. Yeah. Then you're E4. So now you could be E4 for like a few a couple years, you know maybe two or three years. So you're you may or may not have done the deployment. And this is also back in the day. Guys make rank faster now than we did. So back in the day, the E6 was a leadership position. E5 was the boys and the new guys were kind of E4s. Maybe even E3s occasionally. So essentially I don't think there's an E3 in a seal puttune today at all. I don't think there is. I think there's barely any E4s. It's mostly E5s and now you have multiple E6s in a puttune. But back in the day, an E6 was an LPO. He was the leading patty officer. Then you had a chief patty officer. Then you had this as a puttune commander and a puttune commander. So you had those were the senior people. We called him the top four. And then you had new guys. You had four or five new guys, which were probably E3s. No, they were probably E4s maybe and E3. And then you had the group in the middle. And these were the E5 mob. So they were there at not when you say they're E6's leadership position. So E5 is not only like they're not anyone's boss. They're just they're just now they might be one per- they might be a new guys boss. Like when I was an E5 mobster, I had an E4. That was a new guy that was a radio man. Yeah. You see what I was saying? Yeah. I'm trying to try and draw a comparison. And actually part of the time I was an E5 mobfie. I was an E4. Because I didn't make E5 very rapidly. So yeah. But that E5 mobfie is like the people that are doing the work. Right. Like when you were a balancer, how many balancers were there? Uh, I don't know. 15. Okay. This is it. Now one of them was in charge, right? Yeah. Maybe two of them. Hey, this guy's in charge of the shuffling. So those guys are in charge of the Zip. Then you had a couple like new guys at kind of Soctr or whatever. Yeah. But then you had a core group of guys that kind of if you could say something, people are going to have to listen. Yeah. There you go. That's three five off. Yeah. You know what it was? And now that I'm thinking of it, it's, there's the door guys. They're all called door guys. But the guys who worked the front door, which is usually the one and two. And then like kind of a guy who would switch out. Someone who's doing well. But then there's the rest of the guys who worked, you know, inside. And then yes, there were like new guys who were like still learning like camera. Yeah. Who, yes. And kind of the same thing where you could tell them, hey, go change the toilet paper in the bathroom. Yeah. You know, like go do the worst. Yeah. Exactly. Right. So yeah, I get, I got you. Yeah. But you five is kind of high in those. What I'm saying. It's like, well, I can tell, no, it's not kind of high. But in a seal platoon, you're a men level. But you're kind of just a shooter too. You know, you don't, you're not one of the top four. So it's not like kind of high. And right now, everybody, I think I think everybody in the seal teams right now is an E5. If you make it through Buds, I think you'd be culmining E5. It's kind of legit, you know, back in the day, because I know that's all right, brother. You're an E3. You're an E4. Back in the day, if you want to ship in your E3, you had to work in the dishwasher for three months. And we did one to point, we had an E3 in our platoon. And we somehow got him out of it. Got him out of doing that. But I was an E4 for my second platoon. So even though I should have been an E5 or I was an E5 mafia, but even then even in that platoon, there's a bunch of E4s. And we were on the E5 mafia. It's an E stand for enlisted. And then if you're an officer, it's an O. So you got O1, that's an instant. O2 is a lieutenant junior grade. See, that's weird. I've never heard of O anything. All I heard was E. I think I've even heard of E1, E233. Yeah, because people talk smack about the O. That guy's an E1. And then you become in the navy, O3 is lieutenant. And then O4 is lieutenant commander. But in the army, that same rank is called a major. So when in Ramadi, the army guys, they would a lot of army guys was called the major. So then some of the, some of my guys would call me the mage. And then captain is it very high or it is captain in the army and the Marine Corps is an O4. Captain, or sorry, is an O3 in the army and the Marine Corps, which is a company commander in charge of 150 guys. Captain in the navy is much higher. It's an O6. And they could be in charge of multiple ships. So a captain in the navy is much higher rank than a captain in the army or the Marine Corps. A captain in the navy is a Colonel, a full bird. You ever heard that expression? Probably in the movies. You hear that full bird. So a full bird, Colonel, which means they have an eagle on their collar is a full captain. You don't really say full bird captain because you don't need to. Because the wood region you say that is in the army and the Marine Corps, you could be a lieutenant Colonel, which still has a silver oak leaf, which makes you a lieutenant Colonel. So if someone's got the full bird, that's why you, because you can still call someone that's a lieutenant Colonel, you might just call him Colonel. Because you know, it's a big mouthful to say Colonel. Or sorry, it's a big mouthful to say lieutenant Colonel. Hey, lieutenant Colonel, what are we doing? But if you say hey Colonel, that's totally acceptable. So we want to let your boys know like, hey, this guy's a full bird. Colonel, they deal. Got that full bird. Colonel, coming in. Yeah, I understand why I understand now why I was so unclear about everything. Because it's like the same words. Different, you know, armies different than the navy and it's but same words, you know. Well, sometimes life and Seth would get called captain by army guys, by mary because that's, you see those two bars like, oh, that's a captain. If you're the army, that's a captain. Yeah. So you're not thinking lieutenant because the lieutenant is a lower rank. All right, this section breaks out two things. There are two fundamental types of factors that affect success and combat. One, factors over which you have a little or no influence that you must try to understand, endure and explain to your Marines. And number two, factors that you can influence directly through your leadership. And it goes into a bunch of things. Well, that's you can't, that you have a little to know influence, political guidelines and rules of engagement, a valuable ability and quality of replacement, location, weather terrain, public reaction and support, type of conflict, enemy action, duration. You know, control, I'm very little control over those things. And it goes into talking about the political guidelines, did what your responsible, making sure your Marines abide by them. Here's an important part of the say, past the chain of command information that might be useful in correcting deficiencies with rules of engagement procedures. So if you've got some rule of engagement that doesn't make sense, you are responsible for sending that up chain of command. And by the way, if you work in a factory and there's some part of the manufacturing line that doesn't make sense, you are responsible for running that up the chain so it can get corrected. Little control over who's going to replace you, obviously, no control, very little control over location terrain, weather. So it, it list goes into a little bit of detail, well, all those things. And then it goes into factors that you can influence morale, motivation, discipline, or, pre-decor proficiency. Morales, the mental and emotional condition, enthusiasm, confidence, or loyalty of an individual or group with regard to the functions or tasks at hand, the squad leader who taps into this valuable resource and keeps it to the forefront throughout the adverse conditions of combat will always prevail. That's a strong word always. Motivation is a by-product of morale. If your Marines are enthusiastic about being part of the squad and have confidence in their squad leader, then they will have the incentive to drive on through adversity. Discipline. Discipline is defined in the dictionary as quote to bring under control. In combat, we speak of discipline. In troops, we speak of the Marines ability to disregard the natural tendencies of self-preservation and at times put them in a harm's way if necessary. And I would expand on this right now, but they expand on this in a beautiful way. I'll talk about discipline in a beautiful way coming up. That's pretty cool as the unit spirit describes how devoted and loyalty are to the team. Proficiency, proficiency is being knowledgeable and skillful in your craft. The imagine a unit being so confident in their ability to perform that it affects all of the aforementioned factors. Now you have our unit ready to fight. morale and motivation is the cornerstone of discipline. Spread your core and proficiency if you instill high morale and motivation in your Marines, this can lead to success in combat. morale makes up three quarters of the game. The relative balance of manpower makes up only the remaining quarter. That's the pulling bone apart. morale makes up three quarters of the game in combat. You know, that's one of those ones you go, well, yeah, because if you're thinking, you know, you're football team against another football team and they have great morale, but you guys are better players, right? Well, it's probably not going to work out too well. But because this is what I was thinking about last time, I said, well, you know, where's that going to really carry you in a football game? But then I thought, what if you won't if your football game was played for months? You see what I'm saying? And it wasn't about how big and strong you were, but it was about, hey, we're going to be, we're going to maneuver faster than you. We're going to walk further than you. We're going to keep working while you're resting. Like the, we're going to keep our weapons clean. Like all those things, like that's how you win and all those things have to do with morale. So it might not make a sense in a short engagement in a physical game. It can have an impact. For sure, I would almost say you were right to begin with in a football game as far as the example. I mean, you're ready the way, but if your morale is low, the other team is high, but you have a better football team, your morale is going to be low for a reason. Like, based essentially like, oh, you know, it's like there's going to be in low morale. It's going to be a lack of confidence. I'm sure there's going to be a lack of motivation and a corner to book lack of proficiency, which negatively affects your morale. So you know, you're not that good your morale is about exactly right. So like I said, it's for a reason. So their morale is good. What if like every your morale, if you're better, quote unquote, better football team is going to be for a reason. And then whatever that reason is, I don't know, it's your hypothetical. I don't know, but think of a realistic one. Maybe people are arguing about this and that. So they're not working together as a team. Both the morale on the team itself, like what can hurt the morale. Exactly. Right. On the better quote unquote team. Yeah, like you like you boo a game. Like you boo the last game, like you shouldn't miss the field goal. And you did and you were better team than them. But then they won, morale could be down. Yeah. And you're arguing with your team, quarterback is blaming everyone. They, you know, maybe they're best guys injured. And that, you know, now everyone's not as confident and like maybe they're starting, you know, all this other stuff and they're tired because they've been drinking, you know, all this stuff. So technically there's, I'm just saying that's a big factor. So so technically they, they are maybe a better team. But the morale is so low for these were specific reasons. The other guys have been working hard. They've been got a strategy in place, a secret strategy. I told you about this one time this team was we were technically better than them, but they were like saying, oh, we're going to kick their ass. We're going to kick their ass. And they're telling the whole island, essentially, we're going to kick their ass out. What was this was this high school? Yeah. And I was like, what the, this is uncanny the way they're saying this so much, you know, and then, but they had a little plan and they did, they beat us to with the plan. It was to do these weird quarterback keep plays with no huddle. So it's just essentially that that surprise kind of thing and then just keep going going. So they'd go quarterback keep and we kind of stop it and they go, no huddle quarterback keep and be like, oh, we're scrambling and we kind of stop it, but they gave in a little bit more and they just kept doing it kept doing it for the whole, but didn't you figure out a solution for it after they did it for seven or nine times? I think I was a two-way. I think our morale went down in that first flurry to be honest with you. I forget how it's of their morale was high. Very high. They actually beat you. Yeah. For that reason, I'm always surprised in football that there's not more sneakiness. Yeah. I think a lot of sneakiness, I feel like we might have talked about this. We've put both of this so much history behind the way plays work that sneakiness usually comes with an element of risk that's equal. So yeah, if you do this trick play, there's teams that sort of land towards more sneakiness, but they land more towards a risk as well. So like one of the mainstream sneaky plays is called the reverse, where it's like you give the ball, this many ways to do it, but a standard one would be you give the ball to the running back and an outside run. And instead of keeping running the wider Siever who's wherever there he comes around this way. So he's acting like he's running and he gets it to the wider Siever going the other way. So the defense says all this momentum going this way with the ball and the reverse just comes around with but he's a single guy because he'd have had no blockers. If you had blockers, everyone would see the blockers going over there and they'd be like oh wait, this isn't you know this so they'd be the rest being that if somebody picks it up and reads it play, then he's getting annihilated. Probably behind the line because he has no blockers exactly right or what's the one the um just like a hook and lateral which is a big risk on now and then a pass back to the quarterback that's another one. We're like you give it to the running back and he runs and he doesn't go past the line. The quarterback does. And the quarterback runs around the other side on a pass pattern essentially a research so he goes down and then now the running back has to throw the ball to the quarterback which is huge risk by the way, brother, they're going to pick that thing. And the quarterback got to catch it. Got to catch it. Yes to be open by the way because if he's not open, he's going to throw it to undunth their wider sheeper usually it's like you know it's like you put your eggs all in one basket a lot of time and then nowadays people are kind of hip to trick plays so they kind of wait for it to develop and now the risk goes up you know so that's probably why. I'm sure back in the in fact your walk back in the day like 1940s well that's all kinds of weird plays. Yeah so morale you guys lost the other puttune team was hyped on the morale you morale was immediately crushed and then you were all embarrassed then you lost. So even even in football it can be morale can be um three quarters of the game. Yeah I think so. It says morale is the confident resolute willing and often self sacrificing and courageous attitude of a marine to accomplish the tasks expected by the squad. morale is based upon pride in the achievement and aims of the squad faith and you as a squad leader a sense of participation in the squad's work, devotion and loyalty to the other members of the squad confidence in the ultimate success of the squad. Whichever army goes into battle stronger in soul their enemies generally cannot withstand them that's the Greek warrior's xenophon more than 2000 years ago. morale tends to fluctuate even among the best Marines. It must be your constant concern because this is the foundation of discipline you must recognize the extreme importance morale has to the combat effectiveness of your squad. Marine tents are a morale tends to fluctuate even amongst the best Marines that's something it's important to know. I'll tell you it's a fact it it fluctuates less. It can fluctuate but man you get some some motivated troopers it's hard even it's hard even bring them down a little bit there is in the game and they help everybody it's so helpful to have somebody kind of motivated in the game like somebody with high morale like we got this and it kind of takes someone who can deal with adversity right yeah so and I was thinking which by the way is a decision yeah I know and it's a great decision too yeah you can be like look I know what's happening right now I can see what's happening I can see the negativity start to drag down and you can say they will I'm not letting this happen on me and you get crazy so but that guy who's getting crazy and you're he has to be kind of used to adversity one where another or at the very least know how to deal with it that sort of yes so so it kind of brought me back a little bit to the two conversation we had recently about guys quitting who you whatever maybe where you would think no way that's going to quit because he's he's a stud but this guy is probably not you get in you know in MMA and you're somewhere whatever in Dick Marseynco's book recently died the rogue warrior he wrote a book came out 1992 when I was a new guy in the dirt but he called these people gazelles yes yeah and he said gazelles they they're used to winning they're run they run they win and they run they win and they're just good athletes and they're just winning winning winning and they show up of buds and I can promise you there's gonna be some shit you loose and if that's you get that adversity wall and you've been a stud your whole life and all the sudden I'm sure there's multiple psychological things that can unfold one of them might be you're used to winning and now you lose and you get down there's something but also hey this is the hardest thing I've ever done it's harder than I thought it was going to be or I failed this thing and now what's gonna happen if I failed this thing and I'm only two days into this gig I got six more months of this and I already failed no I'm not cut out for this totally not used to it it's totally like an imposition on their whole sensibility and that's just how just not used to it but so you could in a way kind of track it back to morale really that way that that that individuals morale gets crushed exactly right like crap so you get a guy who's used to adversity he's like hey this won't crush my morale I've been here before I know I can fight back out of this I know this is gonna end I know the you know guys who know like adversity but the guy who doesn't the guy who wins every single time never failed ever in his thing you know just and just things come natural to him oh bro you like like I get crushed one time yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that might be this the situation on the one Kobe so morale is kind of because in the beginning you'd think morale that's just you have an abad attitude about stuff your morale is low like if they oh hey the morale is bad you know I don't have you you kind of on the surface it kind of comes off is that like Brad just I don't know fire yourself up like basically like make a decision to have a better attitude when you think about this the the buds when I was going through buds they would say false motivation is better than no motivation yeah I got to agree with it yeah you know yeah you know like you hear someone start getting fired up whether they're faking or not it's like hey that guy seems to be still let's go rock and roll yeah exactly right and that's it and you know like you guys will say like hey if you have like the the note bad team's only bad leaders right the bow cruise right where you get a guy who's coos like hey it's all good guys we're gonna do this and he's kind of motivating everybody even if they were kind of like beat down they're morale kind of gets gets more high on the academy online the other day I was talking about how you frame things up and this is a skill that you can attain over time but if you gave viewer my boss and you gave me the worst assignment ever by the time I'm telling the team I frame that thing up in a totally different way it is not the worst job it's a challenge it's an opportunity to look awesome we're gonna do better never it's like I'm gonna frame things up all day long in an uplifting morale moment yeah I'm definitely not framing something up as bad like we're gonna frame this up and the thing is it's not a lie it's the truth I can't you can't lie to your team you can't lie to him and be like well hey everyone this is gonna be great we just hey everyone we we got to work this weekend aren't you excited you know if you've just been out in the field for two weeks and then you get back and the boss says hey you're gonna do a dog and pony this weekend what do you mean oh we got our congressman coming in and we got to show them our new capabilities and your cartoons doing it right you can't be like hey everyone this is definitely no but you can but you can frame it in a true way that's listen up hey the boss just talked to me they want the best platoon out here to represent and do this dog and pony we're gonna do we're gonna knock this guy's socks off he's gonna think that every seal is a damn terminated robot we get stop walking through this stuff we're gonna get more money for the entire community by kicking ass you know what I'm saying it's a different day I'm fired up right now I'm ready to do a dog and pony show for a congressman yeah so you got a frame stuff correctly like your kids if they don't like math you can't be like no math is fun but you just like that's a lot in there for you there that's okay I can really relate to you at all I can't imagine my trust level is going down right like even a five-year-old knows that this is not fun right there's a rare person that thinks is fun but it's like one in a billion freaking Lex Friedman just got fired up look at a problem he's six years old he's like oh hell yeah right me not happening Lex good to go you need a better frame up on now yeah like Lex framed it up in his mind that's his good frame yeah yeah but yeah you know but when you say hey when you get good at this right here's gonna make you smarter yeah this is you're gonna be able to dominate you're not got to worry about school when you're dominant math you gotta learn this problem and people like I'm like I can dominate here do alright characteristics of morale major general William slim quoted by John Masters in the road pass the road pass mandalaia provides an example of how morale can be affected in combat can't some of these these things are really good quote we have already trained or meant to the highest possible level of skill with their weapons and in the use of minor tactics but in the end every important battle develops to a point where there is no real control by senior commanders every soldier feels himself to be alone discipline may have got him to the place where he is and discipline may hold him there for a time cooperation with other men in the same situation can help move him forward self preservation will make him defend himself to the death if there's no other way but what makes him go on alone determine to break the will of the enemy opposite him is morale pride in himself as an independent thinking man who knows why he's there and what he's doing absolute confidence that the best has been done for him and that his fate is now in his own hands the dominant feeling on the battlefield is loneliness gentlemen and morale only morale individual morale as a foundation under training and discipline will bring victory and that's see that's what's important what what I read this a couple times what's important here is to remember that as the leader you're the one that's developing their morale you're bringing together that unit you're training them to the utmost you're in your in part you're imparting this the benefits of self discipline you're rewarding those things and you build this creature this beast that has this morale that's so strong that they're not going down here's some specific indicators of morale response to shortages care of equipment and weapons rumors excessive quarreling you brought that one up early with the football team personal hygiene standards of military courtesy personal parents personal conduct so like the the response sources how do they respond we hate we're almost out of water oh my god we're all going to die you know the movie aliens yes we're all going to die out here man right because there's a shortage of whatever we don't know if any backups coming you're all going to die that's bad morale it's a bad morale that's essentially the beginning of the end yeah so it's kind of like the end of the rope kind of a thing of course you can turn it around but bro it's the beginning of the end oh no it's kind of a critical factor when there's when there it says this you're in the running when you're running low on whatever on on equipment or food or water it says the squad with high morale and strong unicohesion will divide what is available and become an even stronger outfit because of it the unit does that does not have this quality is not acting cohesively as a team it will disintegrate quickly failure to properly maintain equipment and weapons and to get that a Marine does not care is becoming excessively fatigued or is lost all discipline on the other hand if you fail to provide the means to keep your Marines gear properly maintained you can rule them around you got rumors clearly there's a lack of information you you need to tell your team what's going on otherwise you're going to make it up and it's not going to be good cooperation mutual trust and confidence in one another's ability can be adversely affected when your Marines quarrel amongst themselves excessive corling is a sign that something is wrong and must be fixed I was going to say this is like a chicken or an egg thing like when things start going bad people start to argue and when people start to argue things start going bad I guess it's a downward spiral I don't know which one starts first chicken to the egg but when you start hearing people arguing amongst themselves if you're going to have problems and it's not going to get better keeping it you know keeping it clean as far as hygiene goes says regardless of how miserable the circumstances may actually be we must do we can to make conditions habitable let's talk about this standards of military courtesy units that have pride in confidence in their leaders maintain high standards of military courtesy at all times changes show that poor discipline and lack of respect to may indicate loma Ra keeping it professional it's interesting that they talk about standards of military courtesy but if you want to translate that to the civilian world you want to translate it to your family it's how you treat each other because sure the Marine Corps of salute means you know I respect you or calling you sure whatever staying attention all those things but when you're a civilian if you want to keep your teams morale high even when things are going sideways you don't yell at your team you treat them with respect you ask them what their ideas are you know like that's what you do so treating people with respect is a way to maintain high morale it says this about personal conduct moodiness solidness quiet withdrawal or any sudden unexplainable change in one of your Marines behavior may indicate that something is wrong and there's cause for a concern that's a way you're acting now listen does that mean you want to be polyana and have a big smile on your face hey guys we're about to be overrun yay like no that's not what we're talking about hey I'm going to have to fire a bunch of people from our company no but going into that listen it's it's it's interesting that they say this solineness and quiet withdrawal and moodiness so none of those say be happy they don't say that none of them say jump for joy but if you're acting solin if you're if you if you if you withdraw if you have an unexplain change in your behavior man being consistent is so important from a leadership perspective that's why you know it's getting interviewed a little while ago and they were asked asking me about resiliency and I kind of said that this was this was Travis minion sister Ryan and she was she was she's got a podcast about resiliency and I was on it and she was asking me about resiliency and I was like I don't think too much about it and I think it's kind of a little bit natural for me to be resilient and I shouldn't have said natural or maybe I didn't say it but that's the feeling I get but what I ultimately said was listen I feel like I'm fairly resilient cause I don't have low lows and the reason I don't have low lows cause I don't have high highs I'm not getting all excited but yay no I'm not doing that but I'm awesome like oh no I'm not doing anything one of those two things I'm staying in a limited emotional box we're not getting too crazy with a victory and I'm not getting too crazy with a defeat so I think that's this that lines up very well with this if you're if you're the person that shows how happy you are everybody's used to that and now when you start being sad they're going to all of geez echoes all bummed out something's wrong yeah or even not as happy like if you know these guys are super fired up and then you know something cool happens and they're like yeah right on and they're not as fired up you're like oh something's wrong even though they essentially express happiness just not enough he ever kind of back to the the professionalism and you know they're talking about in the military like okay so what is your wife call you normally darling darling not you buy your name huh not generally yeah I'm barely ever actually yeah my neither and I don't really call her by her name that much it's some other stuff we don't have to go into it but I don't want to hear the name sometimes if I call her by the name she'll be like don't call me by my name like kind of have joking you know because it kind of sounds but also what if what if she what if you were downstairs and she was like echo right exactly right or if we're going through some things or in some sort of almost like argument or whatever like yeah she won't chill thankfully it's been multiple multiple multiple years it's sensing anything like that but even then let's say you're on bad terms with your wife and usually she calls you I don't know darling babe whatever they call you call each other and then they call you your name you kind of it's like a little assault on your scent like kind of like oh there's something wrong so when morale is down boom you can that part breaks down a little bit a little bit disrespectful yeah yeah so that's that's it that's why consistency and keeping yourself in check and making sure that you're not allowing these emotions to creep out and cause people to look at you and think of echo is really concerned right now this is things are going bad echo is all but soul and right now things that's good what's going to spread yeah that's going to affect the morale of everybody what's with that with calling someone who you know good by their legitimate name that it's you know how like okay so in the family you know the old thing or if they call you like the parent calls the kid by their first and last name oh yeah you know that I mean they're in trouble like that kind of stuff yeah what is that I think it's because of what we're saying right now I think it's like a step up in in in lack of affection yeah it's like almost the opposite you know in a small tiny way where it's like the better terms were on the more loose I'm going to be with what I call you'll call you more like fun stuff you know I'll call you by a nickname or a fun name or a pet name whatever you call it and then when things are bad okay now you're kind of reduced to your legitimate name your official name okay let me ask you this tangental but if you ever hear people when they use your name a lot when they're talking to you yeah it's weird right it's weird it's weird it's like we're trying to establish a weird salesy type like thing where I know you you know echo like I don't think I've other than saying good evening echo I don't think you're ever that you're able to this podcast because that's a little weird right yeah I mean and even when you do you see my first and my last name within which indicates like a small like it's like humor like a joke almost sure yeah exactly right but even you'll be like you echo trowels like it's a joke you know where I do say some names on this specific podcast is if someone else is here and we're having a three-way conversation I might say like well if I was to say to you hey Mike or I might say well that's right you know Fred because I want everyone that's listening to know that I was saying that to Fred yeah but that's different and what your tongue is different it is I've always it seems a little bit strange it seems like something you would learn at like a like a a mastermind sales course to like touch them on the shoulder and tell say their name a bunch that I feel closer to you doesn't do that for me if you're trying to sell me something don't say my name because it's probably gonna like send me the other direction yeah it's not natural like it doesn't feel natural but some people that's just how that's just how they talk yeah but I think that's because they've been ingrained to do that I don't think it's normal yeah almost like it's like overly professional almost yeah that's the thing echo is when you're inside it's weird echo all right so I'm that I confirm that it is really if you listen to podcast you can hear people do that sometimes listen to podcast you hear someone saying you know it's like right it's kind of strange yes but she wanted to one there the only yeah yeah where the only was here echo it's more of your story up that joke in five attempts if you're scolding someone then it then it rolls up that's true like I bet you some of those scolding videos that we have of you and me I probably use your name more often than not I think I'll use your name oh right because you're not scolding you just try to make fun okay I think on a knife I remember a appearances if a marine begins to look sloppy a behavioral problem may be the cause likewise if conditions prevent your marines from washing shaving or obtaining clean uniform for prolonged periods morale can drop this is one of those things where again in the business world some the hey here's our dress code hey we got a presentation you're going to get just a look sharp smart move smart move hey and I can tell you I'm not one of these people that is going out in getting whatever whatever a tailor to make my suit or whatever in fact I don't really like wearing suits at all sometimes fighters wear suits have you noticed that why is that the box no no no I'm not sure I'm not gonna UFC yeah I know but it kind of it felt the feels like it came from the old school of the box yeah I feel like I might be disconnected like and wrong or whatever you know like I look at a box I look at a fighter and they're putting a suit and tie on to go to a press conference yeah I feel like in a million years I wouldn't have done that but I do think there's kind of two camps on that and then there's a rare few that are kind of in between where some some guys they that's their jam they were suit because they're a conical sophisticated professional and that or that's the image and then there's guys like Nick Diaz who's you know just as good you're not better than everyone who probably never wear a suit so it's I think there's two camps sure definitely two camps I fall into Nate Diaz camp on that one this is just going to knit T-shirt to the press conference probably showing up late yeah yeah you could show them yeah but you're like that in real life too though where you know you you probably gonna wear slippers or flip flops as we call them here and shorts and a shirt unless you have to wear something else yeah that's true so watch out for that with your people that's what that's a kind of a classic thing too though right like even in the movies where it's like if they want to indicate visually that this guy has just let himself go his morale is down he's down and now what he's be on shaving yeah his clothes marimina be dirty like that kind you know type yeah uh characters six of motivation motivation answers the question why do marines fight motivation is based on a psychological factors such as knees desires and impulses that cause a person act for a marine commitment and pride in the unit and the core is generally the basis for combat motivation I was when I was starting to read this chapter I was like thinking about the fact that I always say motivation no factor because motivation is a feeling it's fickle comes and goes and then I because thinking okay well how one of the how are they gonna talk about this and there you go and I've talked about this on the podcast motivation is why you're doing something and it's important to understand the why a motor video marine will do what needs to be done and will know the right thing to do with effective leadership and attentive concern for maintaining high morale motivation will also be high however motivation is much more than just an indicator of morale is a key element that must be understood by everyone in your squad in combat motivation has special significant to marines SEC Smith's US Marine Corps and World War II provides an illustration of this motivation quote in a foxhole in the center of the tenuous line he had done much to hold PFC John Errance an able company automatic rifleman lay quietly his eyes closed breathing slowly Errance was covered with blood he was dying next to him lady dead jasmine japanese sergeant and flung across his legs a dead japanese officer Errance had been hit in the chest twice by bullets and blood weld slowly from three deep puncture wounds inflected by bayonets around his foxhole sprawled 13 crumpled japanese bodies as captain Louis W. Walt gathered Errance into his arms to carry him to the residency the dying man still clinging to his BAR said captain they tried to come over me last night but I don't think they made it they didn't Johnny Walt softly replied they didn't end quote on the echoes on the say what will motivate your marines to flight fight like pfc erans what causes them to have this measure of tenacity and the ability to continue to fight when others would give up numerous distortions sociologists and psychologists have studied behavior under fire and effort to under to find out why we fight as we do and explaining what motivates marines to per severe and battle many experts have concluded that the following facts are significant unique cohesion tradition commitment aggression patriots is in rewards and punishment social identity in the unique cohesion section it says cohesion is perhaps the most powerful motivational factoring combat common experiences and shared hardship stimulate and foster closeness among individuals as a unit the result in a unit that is able to maintain tactical cohesion and achieve success in combat if your marines know their mission it is their faith in you and their fellow marines that will carry them over the top charging into the teeth the enemy this is a I'll get asked a lot about you know how do you bring a team together it's a kick out of do hard things together so it's one thing that's cool about the ftx program that we run it's it's challenging it is mentally challenging there's actually almost no physical challenge so that's not what I'm talking about it is mentally challenging and you will you will get put in situations where you have to make very tough decisions under pressure and when you get to do it yourself and you watch someone else do it and they do a call or bad call or good call it does definitely help out unique cohesion always thought or kind of came to the conclusion or whatever that uh we get close somebody has to do hard things like basically you have to go through the whole spectrum of things right hard easy good and that and you go through all that together and still emerge without breaking up or not being friends or whatever so a lot of times if you're forced in a situation with this uh what you call on the interest is the same for everybody like a line in drifter or a common interest and coming go they're kind of forced to be in the environment so they go through the hard times the fun times they go through the whole spectrum of things and a lot of times in the military and battle they go through the really really hard times and then which kind of you know on the flip side can precipitate really really good times as well for if you know when you when you're triumphant with the guy with next you in hard times that's a really really good time so if you have that consistently boom that bond and same thing with like it's funny when you when you started talking about good times outside of echoes being stupid but then I thought about it it's like oh no that's important like just hard times cool you're gonna forge one part of unity but also like having fun and having good times is also a way that forms a certain part of the unity yeah I think that a a group that only has good times you don't get tested yes you gotta go through some hardship too yeah hundred percent and that's what it always felt like where you gotta go through the whole spectrum of ups and downs kind of together over over a period of time even if you don't go through it over a period of time if you get the whole spectrum you'll have a closeness that's kind of hard to replicate you know but if you do it consistently like for a long time yeah you be that's why brother and sister a lot of time or like to brothers who grew up together like really close to whatever that's why it's like oh there's a different kind of relationship because it kind of like me and my brother were twins so we literally went through everything together literally so like the first time of that or whatever experience the first time was the first time for both of us you know so like the opposite time we wound up being really really close but that was kind of like that's where I had always feel like you know you I can go through an experience by myself and then a thought that's gonna be really close in my mind like it'll it won't be a lot of time we'll go by before I think oh I wonder what he would think about this or I know what he would think about this you know or you know it like this boom you know like and you get those kind of thoughts with the people that you super close with yeah the the heart of the combat the title of the bond because also to your point the heart of the combat the better the times are when you're not in combat anymore yeah and you kind of bro you kind of stretch out that spectrum right so it's like more it's deeper yeah check this is an important thing that we've covered on this podcast before was a quick quote for brave men who do not know each other well will not dare attack a lion for less brave but knowing each other well sure of their reliability and consequently of mutual aid will attack resolutely there is there is the science of organizations of army of armies in a nutshell and that's from battle studies by ardent the peak who we covered on this podcast battle studies but that's such an important thing remember he's like that's that's that's the science of building an army working together that's why at national and front we talk about building relationships because if we have a relationship with five relationship with three other people we'll take down a lion if I don't know these dudes we're not taking one on I'm not stepping forth it's not happening you ever watch the movie speed speed speed speed speed and he's sending I was on a boss or something that I never watched it okay so really dumb so there's a part of at the end where they like kind of I don't know falling love for lack of a better way to put it and they even say can you edit that out for this podcast I want to talk about that what love anywhere they he they say uh I think they even mentioned earlier were you shouldn't get into relationship based on extreme experiences oh because it's like whatever the reason and whatever but that goes with kind of what you think because when you go through these crazy experiences it brings you closer together that's like the like like chas in the wedding singer when he starts going a few rules to pick up girls oh yeah that's that or no the wedding crashers what are what a crashers yeah he says uh grief is the nature's most powerful afrogate yeah he goes he's extreme situations the tradition marine values and attitudes are stressed from the day the first day the marine core and are constantly reinforced we are told over and over again the marine never quit some marine never surrenders and marine never retreats marine's never leave the dead wounded these are values become ingrained into the very being of every marine the last parallel core but martin rus u.s.m. see the average marine if such a condition exists is definitely not the lad represented on the recruiting poster more likely he is a small pimple faced young man who because it has been so skillfully pounded into him in boot camp believes he can lick the world commitment there's a quote in here about commitment men take a kind of hard pride in belonging to a famous outfit even when doing so exposes them to exceptional danger this is an essential element in the psychology of shock troops talks about aggression compassion for the enemy and non-compatence is a characteristic that is not uncommon among the marines in the battlefield however you must recognize that an aggressive fighting style is our trademark seek to maintain this determination and initiative as long as necessary to accomplish the mission and overcome the enemy understand that you will bolster the confidence of your marines by accomplishing the mission at the lowest possible cost in casualties patriotism every marine must be convinced of the right rightness of their countries cause rewards imponishment the purpose of our system of rewards and combat is intended to reflect the recognition of marines as warriors this recognition of heroic efforts and sacrifices on behalf of your fellow marines is an important leadership responsibility when it comes to combat there's no amount of pay or any metal that can adequately award any marine for risking their life to achieve a particular objective when marines who've experienced combat are questioned that they tend to respond that their greatest fear was being perceived as less than adequate in the eyes of their fellow marines their only reward was the respect praise and recognition which came from within their unit that is no doubt the talk many times about what reputation means in the seal teams and that's where you get that reputation how do you behave the in tough situations in combat situations even in tough training situations social factors affecting marines primary group which is their fire team squad or puttune are significant aspects of achieving combat motivation marines will often identify with friends who are from their same home state or same geographic area this helps build unique cohesion so getting the guys to work together this section discipline a spree decor and proficiency are significant factors that you as a leader can develop in your marines these along with morale and motivation will influence your success in combat man when you're skilled at something and you practice and you train it just helps in every aspect proficiency is so important and obviously discipline I said earlier that we're going to get into a little bit of this discipline is the willful obedience of orders discipline is exemplified by situation where the individual has been taught to sacrifice their interest for the common good and respond from a sense of duty which is more important than individual rights or wants now what you and I talk about a lot in here the common good this is you know discipline like self discipline is when you're going to do something that's good not for you right now not the donut not the sleeping in but what's good for the common good that takes discipline when the moment comes for a leader to send a marine in harm's way there's not room for discussion discipline ensures prompt the accomplishment of assigned missions and spawns initiative which guides your marines actions in the absence of order morale and motivation provide the foundation for discipline more than being a simple mechanism for maintaining order discipline is the essential condition within a unit that allows to overcome the extreme fear and fatigue of combat and this is why this is the part that I wanted to get into the three types of discipline first off is self discipline self discipline is the most important quality to develop in your marine self discipline means that the individual has a sense of personal duty to their unit, fellow marines and nation this type of discipline will hold your marines sturdy against anything the enemy may throw at them because they have an firm inner conviction that they will not let their fellow marines down that's what we want that's the most important quality to develop in marine is self discipline and then it goes to unit discipline unit discipline is the behavior that results from the expectations of marines in your squad it arises from a form of peer pressure where a marine knows that for an individual to belong one must uphold the standard this quality of discipline will hold the marine steady while in the company of other fellow marines and then it gets to this and this is why I wanted to cover this imposed discipline imposed discipline is probably the most important part of this book imposed discipline is behavior that is motivated primarily by your immediate supervision do it because I said so it is a direct order to perform now you've heard me say this many times we don't want imposed discipline and we definitely want to impose things on people but here's the marine corps saying you know hey do it because I said so and then they continue this discipline influences your marines to accomplish unpleasant or inconvenient tasks and then it says this under extreme combat conditions you may be required to resort to imposed discipline says the words required to resort to it this is not what we want to be doing and by the way it's under extreme combat conditions so if you're working in a finance company or you're working on a construction site or you're working on a manufacturing line and you think as a leader you better use imposed discipline you're probably wrong and then it gives the example this was the only way that captain barrel was able to force the necessary actions on the rigid career that we refer to in the unit study imposed discipline lacks the permanence of unit discipline and the special strength of self-discipline so imposed discipline is like a last resort in extreme situations your marines demonstrate discipline through initiative self-reliance self-control and obedience the marine corps style of warfare requires intelligent leaders with a pension for boldness and initiative down to the lowest level it is the marines duty to take initiative as the situation depends demands I like the fact that they start off by talking about initiative because that's what discipline you have to act or not act but it's what you personally do it's your own personal initiative talks about self-reliance talks about self-control obedience self-reliance and self-control pre-straitboard obedience is when your marine respond without question when all of your marines respond to your orders as a team a sense of unit is unit is created whereby everyone recognize that their role is to contribute to something more important than one anyone individual and unorganized mob of marines is useless in a crisis the strength to overcome the extreme crisis of combat is greatly affected by your squad's ability to respond as a team a squad is capable of dealing with the chaos of combat only in so far as the individual marines actions are part of the total squad effort we obedience right this is this is I'm surprised they didn't go a little bit more into you know these situations where you're in extreme scenarios because otherwise obedience is what is a occurring not because you have given direction but because everyone knows what we're trying to accomplish that that that's how a good unit should work a good unit should work we get into an enemy contact and everyone knows what to do not because they're obeying but because they know what to do they know why it's important when you're at a company and you've got to keep quality up on your manufacturing line people are not going to do it because you told them to do it and they are obedient that's why it's happening no they've got to understand that the quality of the product is what supports the reputation of the companies which is why people are buying the product which is why we get to make the product which is why the product is selling which is why I have a job when they understand all those things you don't need to tell them what to do they're doing it they get it so that's the kind of obedience that we want not obedience that's coming from an external but obedience because we understand what the mission is I think that's an important facet there that didn't really come out in their explanation got a little section on the spree to core the unit spirit and character the group not the individual this is us working together some indicators expressions from marines that show enthusiasm and pride for the unit good unit reputation among other units strong competitive spirit willingness to participate by the members in unit activities pride in the history and traditions of the unit those are all good things here's some ways to improve this a spree to core be the symbol of fighting spirit you want to develop start new people off-right by ensuring them they're welcome into and reception by the unit train your marines as a team develop the feeling at the company as a team must succeed instruct them in history and traditions this is something I explain a lot to companies you gotta explain what's happening where you've been what you've achieved use appropriate proper ceremony slogans and symbols use competition wisely to develop a team try to win in every competition use decorations and awards properly it says this make your marines feel they are invincible that no power can defeat them and that the success of core and country depends on them and the victory of their unit now we got to be careful because we got to watch out for arrogance right invincible's a strong word invincible is definitely a strong word proficiency this I mentioned this is so powerful because I think it helps your confidence so much proficiency is advanced in knowledge and skill the example they give here is once again from the book battle leadership by Captain Vaughn Shell in peace we should do everything possible to prepare the minds of our soldiers to for the strain of battle we must repeatedly warn them that war brings with its surprise and tremendously deep impressions we must prepare them for the fact that each minute of battle brings with it a new assault on nerves as soldiers of the future we should strive to realize that we will be faced in war with many new and difficult impressions dangers that are thus foreseen and already half over come let's say that again dangers that are foreseen already half over come if you know what's coming man you're already halfway there already half way there in preparing for combat of course they go through a section what do you need to know friendly capabilities enemy capabilities the face of combat and mental and physical fitness this is the straight sun soon right know your enemy know yourself friendly capabilities this is not limited to knowing yourself and your job this includes knowing your Marines equipment and weapons know the techniques of combat and the tactics that are used by a unit of your size you got to know the same thing about the enemy enemies capabilities their weapons their troops their equipment the face of combat says the goal of this course is to help you understand the battlefield environment although that is not possible to realistically recreate the battlefield in training you and your squadja learn as much as possible about the actual conditions of combat during training you know this is something I wrote about this and can't remember if I wrote about it in leaders of strategy and tactics or in the forward to about face but about how I knew when there was no war I knew there was like a gap that I was missing I knew there was something I didn't understand you know the big the big mesh there was some element and I just tried to read to try and understand it so I could figure out what I was looking at what I was what I was in for building and maintaining morale and motivation and combat belief in the mission is the source of morale and motivation that's why in extreme ownership we wrote a chapter called belief you got to believe in what you're doing you got to believe in what you're doing developing this belief not only involves developing your squad's confidence that the job must and will be accomplished it also involves a deeper understanding that their individual sacrifices and efforts are necessary and irrelevant what do you got to do instill confidence leadership from the front is particularly effective your marines will always respond when they see that you are willing to take the same risks as them make sure you're assigning people to little right jobs make sure they get rest food quarters remember four hours and you know we got to keep that going and it says here aside from providing food rest and quarters you must also be concerned with attention to duty you must check to see that positions and weapons are properly located equipment and weapons are maintained and that you attend to the numerous other details that make effective combat unit this requires that you have discipline and develop a habit of training and critiquing so that lessons learned do not have to be relearned maintaining morale and motivation know your marines who's married who has kids how many siblings they have what special circumstances are they under provide a break in routine this is kind of sort of attached to what I was saying earlier but I'll think this example when possible provide an opportunity for relaxation and recreation at content in 1967 during a prolonged period under artillery enemy fire one unit held a tobacco spitting contest judging accuracy and range everyone participated in some humor situations resulted so that's a good one isn't tobacco have you ever seen tobacco there's like actual tobacco competitions have you ever seen a five not what do you do spit yeah that that route what they just said uh accuracy and range like they'd I remember that I remember this accuracy that there's like little techniques to do it though so one like there's a what he called split finger technique or like you do see something it was weird he was awesome yeah it was kind of gross but I remember that being a thing check there's a section here in it's this is again how to maintain morale motivation this is probably one of the most important things include subordinates in the decision making process whenever possible again life and I wrote about this you never have all the answers and some of your Marines may have good ideas listening to your Marines is not required to use their ideas but it will improve their morale to know that you are willing to listen to them and by the way they're going to listen to you more they're going to listen to you more maintaining discipline crucial elements health check the physical condition of your Marines foot inspections changes in clothing hygiene enforcement overall personal clemeness must be continuous proper care for caught splisters minor wounds rashes and other conditions directly reflect a units level of discipline a units health discipline or lack of will affect its ability to fight man check on your people make sure the weapons and gear is maintained appropriately make sure that people are staying in the game make sure they're keeping their helmets on and they're they're weapon close at hand all that stuff that's all important for discipline just like treating people with respect maintaining that military courtesy rehashes on that combat may not require spit and pause but it does not remove you from the obligation that you have toward your seniors disciplines what separates your squad from a mob of armed civilians like that got to like that and building a spree to core Marines are competitors whatever the event or sport they like to be challenged and they like to win if you engage your Marines in competition against another unit your Marines will band together to overcome the challenge which will build a spree to core that's so good to have competitions whatever you're doing you got to sales team let's get some sales teams competing you got competition on your manufacturing line let's you can have the most square-to-way workspace in the office let's you can have the most square-to-way job site at the construction company and let's judge it high standards come from teaching your Marines and then consistently correcting them it's a bit strong when I read that like dude you don't want to be constantly correcting everyone I guess it's as consistently consistently even that I'm gonna back off a little bit I'm gonna focus on what matters but I'm gonna pay attention if there's some slack happening not gonna let it get out of control but don't don't spend a ton of leadership capital on that don't don't let that happen foster team thinking as a leader your squad consists of three fire teams each with its own personality and capability during putting their squad training have your fire teams compete against one another let the losing fire teams do the winners clean up like those the kind of things good to go talks about when you train train for the conditions of combat this is something that's important is the way you do the way you train impacts everything that you do and and you'll mimic what you do in training with everything that you do so for instance we we had rules when I was running trade at like as soon as we rolled out of the gate one of these platoons rolled out of the gate it was a tactical mission and so there was no like oh hold on second we you know we got a flat tire no it's like you've got a flat tire changing that thing it's tactical you get some word to pass do it tactically there's a vehicle gets stuck hey hold on we got none of no it's freaking tactical so that that's how you keep that and even like a resupply oh we need more water we just don't walk up to the freaking water buffalo and start filling our can't he's no you figure out a place to respite set up a respite when you say it's tactical like what it's not like a non-challant scenario kind of thing like kind of like it you stay disciplined with the way you stay disciplined okay stay this was all kinds of opportunities when you're doing that type of training to just to just like okay well it's kind of go admin I understand you matter fact we used to say that hey don't go admin right now yeah yeah it's almost like you're pausing the actual training but you're saying no this is still part of the training is still on and you know what the trade-out guys my guys influence that so if my guys were coconut joking it would it would immediately not immediately in a lot of cases it would transfer over to the pollton so if you got your if your trade-out guys are like shooting the shit because we're not part of the pollton that's supposed to be tactical it like spreads yeah yeah yeah so we would all act like we would be tactical yeah there's so many fun right if I little moment of memory because JP and I were out on FTX and in the FTX we do an excellent front we use this high speed laser tag system which is really cool but in trade-out a lot of time we use paintball or semi-unition which is shooting paint rounds and so one of the things that you could do is an instructor is as a like let's say a pollton's walking down the street or they're walking down a hallway and I was grading them or watching them I would go up and sort of like cover my face and kind of crouch down as if I was about to get shot with paintballs you'd see like the pollotunes we could so hype like you could see they're just instantly going to full alert mode because they think they're about to get shot and yeah we'd have like I'd have like a little like put my hand up over my face just to kind of hide from the impact of the semi-unition and you do that one like the training is not going on kind of a thing or when would you do that let's say a pollton is walking down a hallway during a training and they of course there's a font in their mind like hey we we might get shot at right but when they see me it's covering up my face and covering up like my groin with my hand because I don't want to get shot or it's a CJP like holding his face and putting his hand over his covers crotch because they didn't want to get shot when as soon as they see that out of the corner that I either like oh it's coming because you know we're gonna trade at we know what's coming yeah you're the instructors yeah okay okay okay there is actual like pranks on the internet I don't really condone the pranks but you can watch them on YouTube where people will do that kind of stuff where just in public like the people just in public like go like cover themself just like like something like that yeah and then and watch the people reassuring exactly exactly the same way so it seems like an element of nature there where it's a deaf course and then you it's not just an element of nature to trade at because you are probably about to get shot but that's important as a trainer that you maintain that high level professionalism and you can't be coconut jokin when you expect the platoons to be tactical and you're sitting around like an idiot there's an example in here from Chesty Pillar from the book Marine which we covered on the podcast bad news only increased the tempo of polish training he cornered Colonel Pedro De Ball the great gunner who commanded the 11th Marines and he said Colonel you'll be starting artillery training next week I want you to let me know when you'll fire I want to get my troops under it as often as I can every day afterward the men of one seven were in the field and the 11th Marines were firing shell streamed overhead until the wish of flying metal became as familiar as rifle fire there were many bursts nearby but no accidents pull it was the only battalion with such training he's just taking his guys out get them conditioned to well to freaking bombs going over your head so good stuff and the last little section here that just talks about fitness physical and mental fitness combat is physically grueling the demands made on your squad are going to be extreme and vary with the environment in which you are operating routine physical training in camp ligerian or camp ligerian is not going to prepare your Marines for the impressive heat and humidity of Ocanau are the extreme cold for Norwegian winter demanding but creative combat oriented physical training will serve as a better way of getting your squad into shape and then it says mental fitness map exercises tactical exercises without troops and professional reading all help to prepare you and your Marines for decision making in combat these forms of training are not exclusive to officers and senior NGOs they're way of practicing war fighting intelligently without having to bring your entire squad in the field and you do get better at decision making you do I would got to see that all the time and trade it and I still get to see it with with leaders that we work with the Dutch long front they get better at taking a step back to get better at detaching they could better at analyzing things and they get better so that and also that mental and physical fitness that we're talking about is not just for you as an individual for your teams that's what it's for and if you're a leader you're responsible for your teams and that means whether you're working in business whether you're working in the military whether you're a first responder or whether you are a mom or a dad because you got a family and you're responsible for the physical and mental fitness of your troops so there you go and I think this manual reinforces the fact that combat is like life and it's like life is just amplified and intensified because obviously there's more intake but the lessons apply the discipline the mental and physical fitness telling the truth so we're not getting rumors leading from the front confronting your fears supporting other people having discipline not imposing discipline on your team asking your team questions letting them come up with a plan all these things are in here universal lessons for being a better combat leader and really universal lessons for being a better human being speaking in which echoed girls were trying to be better human beings across the board just we're on the path on the program this way I don't like saying on the program that as much because it indicates that like it's kind of this unique like you're on the program versus your your off the program like you know like you don't necessarily have to be on the program the whole time the path is just a way that's the way we're all in the path we're working out reading we're listening listening more than we're talking hopefully we hope so yes we hope so through that path you will need supplementation or it'll put it this way it'll benefit you a lot you'll be you'll be that much better off on this path because it's not always easy trust me I know so yes so let's start with energy drinks if you're into energy drinks got good news got healthy energy drinks called discipline go by speaking of a unique that's a unique thing that's a way yeah a healthy energy drink doesn't exist except right here there you go yeah true story there's other people that like oh oh ours is healthy but we put 350 milligrams of caffeine into it yeah it's not healthy you can't call that healthy can't put a label on it calls healthy you can't put sugar in there and say it's healthy you can't put chemicals in there and call healthy that doesn't work that's not the truth yeah so we have something legitimately healthy good to go you're certain you know discipline go boom many flavors eight of them if I'm not mistaken I think man goes the best one seems to be uh seems to be what the robots like as well that's you know many many entities like the mango it's a good one you know but hey choose for yourself but the good news is there's options one of the same far as flavors go again a healthy one there's no real energy drink out there like it and you look you know an energy drink boom get the upside yep also discipline go is also a pre workout there's a pre workout form okay for the last few days drink coffee coffee am I addicted to coffee I don't think so how many cups a day one every day two like two okay two every day maybe three but it's all at once like in the morning okay whatever yeah it's like a big coffee whatever I take almost every day but if I don't have it I'm gonna head a turn of the like that so I don't know that I'm addicted to coffee okay so let's put that pre workout so for the past three days I have no coffee but I worked out first thing in the morning I actually more than three days yeah more than three days um but I work out in the morning so I'm not gonna drink a coffee then do the pre workout you know it's like it's kind of double what it called double dipping unnecessary so you don't straight to the pre workout straight to the pre workout one scoop and a half by the way okay I don't get the weird not here's the thing the jitter of the coffee and it's not really a jitter for me anymore it's more of just a little buzz kind of a thing I don't you don't get that from the pre workout I don't even mind the jitter by the way that buzzer when I don't mind that but I didn't notice that you don't get it but I'll tell you what you do get a kick ass workout so you don't even need the coffee you seem saying yeah so anyway yes so you can use it as a pre workout again it's powder it's good taste just as good makes it with whatever you want water whatever but very good this will help you on the path when you're working out trust me you want to be that much more better off when you're on it trust me also got some protein this high quality protein is it right yes it is it is very very good if I mean did anything to you if you want to choke down low quality protein that tastes kind of junk this is not the one for you but this one is good yeah you're gonna want that gratification of just so you need something that tastes delicious you know the you've ever seen the meme of whatever it is that it's like oh yeah you can eat whatever whatever and it's like oh that face you make one now I want something sweet right there's a me and there's funny ways of presenting it but it comes all different forms whatever but it always reminds me of that you know it's essentially usually someone who's like let's say they over consume we'll say that and you know I'm super full but now I want something sweet kind of a thing like that's a thing or whatever well it seems to be a thing for me because I be drinking milk and after I have to have a straight up to homo hawk steak I think that's why it's a thing I'd say more I would say 65% of the time when I get done eating something that is like steak I still want to have a little bit of a little bit of a little more I'm getting on the milk train do you drink milk just in general like oh I'll just have a couple of milk or gossip milk it's gonna have milk and it because why would I even that's like just the one of the dumbest things I've ever heard no but you don't like okay so I'll tell you this if I was gonna if I was gonna let's say we had a little scenario happening where I was gonna have a chocolate chip cookie then milk with no milk would be in play but you know some people drink milk with dinner that's the norm I had a keto peanut butter and chocolate cake the other day pretty amazing pretty amazing very shocking the amazing but I also had a little bit of milk milk regular milk because it was that was kind of the that was where I was feeling yeah but the keto chocolate peanut butter cake credit was given true try to be what's the purpose of keto chocolate peanut butter cake because then you're not there's there's there's two things look I could tell you that hey you know you want to stay in ketosis and all this stuff I wasn't even in ketosis when I did the right but here's the thing when if you if right now if you and I sat down and ate a piece of like whatever just giant chocolate cake filled with sugar I would feel like crap would you feel like crap maybe in two hours I would feel I would feel like crap in like two hours a big I am whatever what's the word the pharject the pharject if two hours maybe even like he isn't it probably doesn't even take an hour immediately not immediately but you're like oh I just doused to my system with freaking sugar and you feel like crap when you I when I had this and I've had several keto ish desserts right and they're good and then you go if I still feel pretty freaking good you know okay so that's why I just yeah I'd rather have that and I'm telling you there they're kind of like milk you know you never milk like it's a milkshake you can have one of these and you're not like I still really want a real peanut butter freaking chocolate cake or whatever you know yeah yeah yes certain things don't pair well though with like chocolate cake or keto chocolate peanut butter cake or whatever like it's too much chocolate like let's say milk didn't exist right you you eat a chocolate chip cookie you know drink some white milk yeah you don't want chocolate milk no too much doesn't pair well exactly right you don't pair any I've had a pair of stuff everyone's like but here's the thing my pairing is kind of off when I eat chili you know like chili chili and rice maybe some cornbread if we're lucky um I like milk with chili is that that's weird right that's the jam seems like a good golf I think yeah yeah for sure when I was a kid my mom would make spaghetti and I would just sit there at the table like the rest of the family would be done it gone for an hour and I'd be saying they're just eating spaghetti and I would have a gallon of milk and just pouring glasses of milk because I don't okay so that's it yeah that's I'm framing your I don't know for 13141516 your stomach is literally a bonnambus pad then you can slow to eat enough so chill okay my mom said I used to be like I sleep in the car when I was like 12 or 13 and just wake up and be like can we get food right now and my mom said if I didn't you if we didn't get over to a Mickey D's stat then I'd start getting angry well it I'm just saying fully and that is a thing that's weird that and you I never thought about that specifically but I do remember where like okay so I have this cousin Evan Evan Charles by the way um he'd be a and he'd be a and he'd be a and if I was taken okay he'd be a and I forgot how to spell it nonetheless Evan he so he came to visit and we're the same age so he was but or he would maybe year old in us I forget so I think same age and we were I remember because we're in like six or seventh grade but he was huge huge like tall dude super tall and he would drink a whole half gallon of juice you know the calf can't concentrate the whole thing he just drank it I was like bro like I can understand like that that juice is delicious and I said but man I'm not like I'm not ready for that that's a lot of juice to drink just in one go like that and that's a lot two years later I remember drinking a whole half gallon of juice because you were in the zone yeah well because I grew up you know I don't think I was even his size but I was like at that time I was like yeah maybe 14 15 years old so drinking the whole thing and I remember thinking oh yeah Evan was pounding this juice the same way but I get it now bro when you're thirsty you just want to pound that juice same same but yes I am thinking your stomach is kind of like a bottomless bit you eat the whole thing a cereal whole thing like it's nothing chocolate is just pounding milk yeah whole for shit yeah like nonetheless more milk but milk in and more whatever yeah and there's a good a lot of cool little recipes you can add to the flavors if you want it's not necessary totally necessary but if you want you can you can enhance that milk if you like also for your immunity and for things that you don't want to worry about try workout try lift weights if you're into lifting weights which should be I think you should be as doctors think you should be I from what I'm understanding more and more resistance training in weights in my opinion the best form of resistance training is the healthiest thing you can do for you barring like ailments you got heart thing situation is all the stuff and of course cardiovascular has a lot of health benefits but for like immunity balance of hormones cognitive like all these benefits resistance training yeah from what I understand has proven to be lifting right we lift if you're lifting heavy and you're let's say you're enjoying the say your joints aren't all that we'll say or they're bothering you whatever your body will not let you lift heavy it'll try to be like hey let's not lift heavy yep yes it's so it's bad it is it's bad and it's your body telling me that and it's your body actually saying hey look we wish you could but you can yeah it's kind of like your body going hey you're old now just forget about it just give up the OR but but kind of along those lines you seem to say let's say the morale of your body tends to lower and lower when you joints oh yeah all this stuff and it's a natural do you know surf yesterday my shoulders were they were just sore not like injured or anything like this but like that motion and I'm not so much I've been surfing like every day for a couple maybe like a week and my shoulders are tired sore but not sore injured like oh I can't paddle you know so it's there you go and their shoulders got some miles on them man I would just join war for it up and yeah so for these ailments join war for a super krill that'll keep everything in the game and then there's the vitamin D3 and the cold war that'll keep your immunity in the game what you need by the way I don't know if you need that strong immunity strong strong life boom 100% oh yeah yeah you can get this stuff that way you get this stuff at juggle fuel.com you can get this stuff you get the drinks at wall wall we got some other convenience stores coming online pretty quick we're already in a bunch more but I should put together a list of those so yes wall wall you can get all this stuff at vitamin shop as well going there if you want to try something out there you go if you subscribe to any of this stuff which I recommend then you can subscribe on jugglefield.com and you'll get shipping for free because look let's face it we're competing with big there's a big company around I've heard of that's shipping stuff for free you know the chargey money kind of you actually not kind of they do charge you yeah yeah how the membership free shipping what does that really mean means I paid you money and you're shipping is that free prepaid shipping cool we what are we doing is that what we're at yeah that's where we're at yes sir it is so we're not gonna charge you to subscribe you subscribe and you get free shipping we're giving you a better deal yeah than some of those other big companies it's essentially just a recurring it's not even like a paid subscription yeah discount subscription essentially boom win good to go also origin USA this is where you can get your American made stuff so jeans boots some athletic gear durable goods price coming out with some good pants pro he had some like what color were they like green like whatever he he made a post heat or origin we got all kinds of stuff coming but it's the next print camo and I think they're like camo jeans work we've got stuff coming we are we are investing look when we say we're gonna we've been when we say this rebuilding America and rebuilding manufacturing America does that mean when we make money we go oh cool we made money let's go you know buy a freaking new Corvette right we're not buying Corvats let's say what we're doing we're buying more factory we're buying more equipment we're buying more material we're reinvesting back right back into this this mission so when you get a pair of jeans thank you because it's gonna allow us to make more jeans gonna allow us to make we're bringing out a whole line or jean hunt you probably heard me talking about it on on Jill Rogan we got all that is in full swing full swing getting that stuff designed getting it we're doing the test various of the various um layouts that we're using so this stuff is coming and it's gonna be made in America a hundred percent that's what we're doing so we appreciate the support origin us a dot com we are we meaning you listen this right now it's not just it's not just us at the company we can't we can't rebuild manufacturing in America without the support of you this is just won't will not work it will not work if you don't believe in rebuilding America then this thing fails if you don't believe in bringing manufacturing back to America this thing fails when you support though we're gonna be unstoppable and you know what I'm willing to bet pizza willing to bet in fact we're betting the farm we're betting everything we're betting everything that America will come together and and help us bring manufacturing back to America and listen we are in an economic war we're an economic war with China this is factually what's going on we are in an economic war with China and you and me and origin we are on the front lines of the economic war we are the shock troops so we appreciate the support origin us a dot com some jujitsu stuff on there as well best skis in the world literally the best skis in the world and kind of by far because speaking of combat you want to be an economic combat we want to win you also want to win on the mats of justice so get yourself an origin g i know there's a lot of them out there a lot of people if you're gonna look if you're if you're trying to jitsu which you should be if you're not trying to jitsu start trying to jitsu and then get an origin g represent otherwise again you might be winning the combat front on the mats but now you're losing the economic war against China think about that like oh cool I'm winning I can beat that can tap this person oh but my nation is losing a war against another communist regime is that where you're at origin u i say people let's do it let's go bring it also jacco is a story it's called jacco store so you go to jacco store dot com this is where you can get your shirts hats hoodies some shorts on there discipline equals freedom represent while you're on this path stand by the get some stand by the get good all day good all day also this is a short locker that's our subscription service is a good one some good designs on there good designs coming up got a valentines day design it's actually you got to be kidding it is not a valentines day is I proved that it's totally here so I shouldn't even have said valentines doing it shouldn't but it does come out in favor because I'm mad about it now there's the color red on it how about that there's no color red from blood dripping from a sword that's got some money nonetheless there's some good designs on there past and present of course if you're a member you can even buy and you're like hey what about the past designs you have access to those because they they come out once a month and they're kind of gone they're not gone anymore you do have access once you're a member you have access to the past design superman that's added benefit and upgrade right on just by becoming a member there you go subscribe to this podcast also don't forget about the unraveling podcast just recorded another episode with DC and we are also just set some things up so that we can start doing more of those and we're also gonna do we're gonna start talking about what's going on in the world a little bit more timely so when things happen look we're not going to chase the 24 hour new cycle because I'm not chasing the 24 hour new cycle because at least 80% of the 24 hour new cycle is bullshit that doesn't matter but there is 20% that is strategic that needs to be talked about that needs to be explored and so DC and I are gonna start putting that out more often so be ready for that that's the jockel unraveling podcast we also have the ground in podcast we have the warrior kid podcast we also have jockel underground jockel underground calm calm again we look we don't know what's gonna happen with all these platforms there's massive influence in the tech world that is that is controlling the platform that you're listening to this right now and we don't know what they're gonna do with it we don't know if they're inserting advertisements into when we're trying to put out some word or we're trying to explain you know what's going on in the world so we have jockel underground calm if we ever need it it's there is a contingency if you want to be there and you want to help us support then go to jockel underground calm it costs $8.18 a month if you can't afford that we still want to support you so if you can't afford that email assistance at jockel underground calm it will will figure it out but we appreciate your support there as well we have a YouTube channel and on the YouTube channel echo makes videos and then I usually get in the key element that makes his videos good look they'd be good thanks jockel they would be good but usually there's one little element that needs to be added in there you know I'm always here for you that's where you come assistant director yes sir thank you for that also the video version of this podcast by the way if you want to see what t-shirt echo trousers on you then you can do that any moment true um yeah so there you go also psychological warfare which is an album with jocco on each track telling you how to get through your moment of weakness this is an effective tool it's a digital tool so yeah you can get that wherever MP3s are offered flipsidegambas.com to code a mire making awesome stuff to hang on your wall got a bunch of books final spin leadership strategy tactics to code the evaluation protocol discipline to Chris freedom field manual way the warrior kit way the warrior kit one two three and four get those books for every kid that you know you will do so much to enhance their life and get them moving in the right direction mic in the dragons for the little kids about face by hack worth I wrote the forward on the new version extreme ownership of the dichotomy of leadership that I wrote with my brother lathe babin who I also have a leadership consultancy with called echelon front where leadership is the solution go to echelon front dot com if you want us to come and help you with your company if you want to come to one of our live events and you can also check out our online training the academy called extreme ownership dot com if you want to learn to take ownership of your life of your business of your family of your fitness of your health then go to extreme ownership dot com I'm on there two three times a week live to interact you had a question for me to go on there and ask it extreme ownership dot com if you want to help service members active and retired the families gold star families check out mark leaves mom momily she's got an amazing charity organization and she helps veterans and their families so much go to america's mighty warriors dot org if you want to donate or you want to get involved and if you want any more of my lame lectures or you need any more of echelon disorienting declarations you can find us on the adwebs on the gram on the facebook on the twitter on getter echelon's adequate girls I am at jocca willink and to the army navy air force and for this manual today especially for the Marine Corps thank you for being leaders doing the toughest job in the world and that is going into combat and to our police and law enforcement fire fighters paramedics EMTs dispatchers correction officers board patrol secret service and all first responders thank you for doing what you do here at home also and incredibly tough job which is keeping us safe thank you and everyone else out there think about all these factors not just for leading Marines but for leading yourself and it says in the book the self discipline is the most important quality it is your personal duty to yourself and if you develop this discipline then like a discipline marine you will hold sturdy against anything and thrown at you based on that firm inner conviction that you will not falter you will not flounder you will not fail and to demonstrate that discipline to demonstrate that discipline you have to show self reliance you have to have self control and you have to have initiative to make things happen so take some initiative go out there and get after it and until next time this is echo and jocco out