 This is Jockel Podcast number 51 with echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening, echo. Good evening. Forgotten. The Korean War is often referred to as the forgotten war. It's sandwiched between the massive World War II and then on the other side the highly controversial and also highly televised and therefore highly remembered Vietnam war. So I guess in that middle of that the Korean War somehow gets lost and I guess somehow it gets forgotten. Obviously we should never forget. The war in Korea was brutal and in many ways when you look at the Korean War you see the worst parts of these other wars. You had the trenches of World War I. You had the bitter cold of the eastern front in World War II. You have the land mines of the Vietnam War. And for the nearly 2 million that served in Korea and the more than 100,000 that were wounded we should never forget and we must never forget and for the 36,516 Americans that were killed we must always remember. Always. And remember that for those that died there is nothing else. There's nothing else. They gave everything. They gave for a few meters in between trenches or for a hill or for their brothers and arms. That's what war does. It gives everything to some and it takes everything from others. But tonight we begin to take a look at the Korean War through the eyes of James Brady. United States Marine Corps in his book The Coldest War. What job are you looking for? I knew the expected answer and snapped it back. Life will pull two and leaders sir. The major said that I was a hard charger that they needed hard chargers in the basic school in Virginia where they train Marine Lieutenant. They ask you every few hours that same question. Then they push a format you to write down your first three choices of duty. There are several schools of thought about this. One hell you should tell the truth. Those who subscribe to this odd notion put down communications or tanks or mountain training, anything that might delay assignment to a replacement draft and the war. Another advised diplomacy. A first choice of rifle platoon leader to show your spirit. Then what you really hope for. Logistics or motor transport. A third school felt you should lie brazenly indicating ferocious demand for a rifle platoon on grounds that this might impress people and get you made a general's aid. Mac Allen achieved something of a name at basic school by stipulating quite honestly each time rifle platoon leader rifle platoon leader. I didn't worry about it much. Not out of fatalism but simply because I believe the Marine Corps discarded all such forms without reading and it didn't matter much what you wrote. This close to the line I was too embarrassed to give any answer but the one the major obviously wanted to hear. Splendid said the major. We have an opening for a hard charger. Second battalion Colonel Gregory's battalion. They want hard chargers up there. They need them. That's where you're going. Second battalion short of company grade officers. Then sensing curiosity that's what I'm sending both of you. You and Alan. Hard chargers. We're going to hear a little bit about Mac Allen who gives just the most fired up response you can give. He could ask what job you want the Marine Corps when you're going through the basic school and that is rifle platoon leader rifle platoon leader or rifle platoon leader. Prior to that evolution, James Brady is actually graduating from his school. In 1950, I'll go to the book. In June 1950, I graduated and was handed along with my BA a commission in the United States Marine Corps reserve a second lieutenant. That was clever. I remember thinking how nimbly I avoided two years of military drugdry. A week or so later, the North Koreans crossed the 38th parallel and the war was on. Within a few months my class was mobilized. I joined up to dodge the draft and ended up being sent to war. People said the worst job you could have was Marine rifle platoon leader. Life expectancy was supposed to be very short. He thinks he's just avoiding the draft. World War II and ended. There's nothing going on. But I don't really feel like doing two years of service. I'm just going to join the reserve, the Marine Corps reserves, and didn't work out that way for him. Now we get to Korea. I'm just going to skip some of the other leading up to Korea. They show up at Korea. One of the reasons that I've got a bunch of books I'm going to read over the years and one of the reasons that this book kind of bubble to the surface because there's a guy in it named Captain Chaffey who is going to see just exquisite leadership throughout the little things he does. It just is worth studying, worth us taking a look at. They show up in Korea in this guy, Captain Chaffey. He kind of greets him. Back to the book, Captain Chaffey, the dog company commander came a few hundred yards down the trail to meet the Gook train, shaking hands with Alan and me. The Gook train, Gook's a terminal again to a little bit later, it's a term that they use for these Koreans that work for them that did all the marching up and down carrying water and fuel up and down. They call it the Gook train. And they also win it's time for new people to get brought up to the front lines. They follow up the Gook train. So Captain Chaffey comes down and meet him. Back to the book. I'm very pleased to have you both here. I simply wanted to say welcome and get you off to a proper start. Chaffey was a road islander. One of those old Yankee blue bloods with a high color of large nose and a splendid mustache. He was very lean, very dark, a handsome man. He didn't seem to have any weapon of any sort. Only a kind of alpine stave that he used as he loped. His long legs covering the uneven ground in great strides. Going uphill he was fast and coming down he nearly ran. Later I would learn he was skull and bones at Yale and had a law practice and political ambitions. He now took us on a guided tour of the company front. So not your typical sort of what you'd expect a Marine Corps company commander to be. You know, guys at Yale he's a lawyer and sounds like he comes from some money. So kind of different than what you imagine. Back to the book we're a trifle under strength at the moment. Chaffey told us he didn't sound apologetic or dismayed by this just stating a fact. He took off as he talked swinging along the top lip of a shallow trench line that followed the ridge, linking large and small bunkers 20 to 50 yards apart. As we moved along the length of the company line, Chaffey stopped to talk with each Marine at each bunker. He called each man by name, not Christian names or nicknames as they do in war movies, but the man's proper name. He didn't make introductions but was business like in a cheerful way. At the bunkers, Marines were shifting sandbags, cleaning rifles, cooking rations over small, primeestone, stoves, one Marine cutting another's hair. No one seemed fussed by the captain's presence. None of the of the secretiveness or make work you saw at Quantico intended to impress. Chaffey's questions dealt with enemy activity to the front. The conduct of an ambush sent out the night before the possibility of getting some mortar fire laden on a suspicious looking piece of ground off to the right and so on. No chat about rations or leave or letters from their girls. They were all eating the same rations that it was no leave, a man's mail was private. Here and there I noticed there were blackened places in the snow where incoming shells had hit. No one mentioned them. The company frontage was astounding. Once again, the school solution was in discard. Dog company under strength was covering about 1,000 yards of front, more than half mile of rough ground. Now the company commander jumped into the trench, a dirt corridor waste deep with dirty snow piled on either lip. Got to stay in the trench from here on, Chaffey said, show you why in a minute. They proceed along the trench and eventually meet up with one of the other platoon commanders. This is Lieutenant Flynn, Chaffey said. Here in his area now, he introduced us and we shook hands. Flynn too had a mustache but it was scruffy lacking Chaffey's elegance. He wore no insignia of rank, not even a collar bar and looked like any other marine. He had a good smile. Now the reason I brought that piece up is because you can hear Chaffey says, you're in his area now. So he's given that ownership to Flynn. He wants to make sure that everybody knows. This Flynn's deal down here and that continues. We got back in the trench. Chaffey let Flynn lead the way. It was his neighborhood. Now the trench was head high and even deeper with ammunition boxes said in here and there as firing steps. We passed two bunkers each with a heavy machine gun in place. Here there was no hair cutting and the men were all underground. So now we're back in old trenches, World War I style. Each bunker one read had his back to us his face toward the firing port. Open boxes of grenade stood inside the bunkers. At the third bunker Flynn tapped on the shoulder of the man on watch. He backed away and Chaffey squeezed into pier through the port. He knelt there for what seemed a very long time then he squirmed back out and waved me into place. For the first time I was looking at ground that matched my notion of what it would be like. There were three untidy fences of barbed wire a few yards to the front and some rusty constant Tina wire looped farther out. Beyond that we're a field of snow, popped by shell holes, a few scrubbed pines badly chewed and about a football field away, a long dirty mound of snow. I turned back and found Flynn's face very close to mine. Those are the neighbors, the platoon leader said. Now they continue on a little while longer and then Chaffey tells him, we'll skip the right flank tonight. You know Simone is already, Simone is one of the other platoon commanders. Besides, we only have a little daylight and I want you to get settled in by dark. You know the division order. Replacements don't go forward of the MLR for their first five days. The good order lets you get the lay of the land. Last summer we lost some new people just because they got mixed up and made a wrong turn. They just plain got lost. Not their fault of course, but they're gone nonetheless. Mac looked downcast at being shackled. Don't worry, Jeffy said. Five days go pretty fast and we'll count this one day so you only have four to go. So Mac, Mac Allen, who's all fired up about getting after it. He hears this rule about you can't go forward until he's been here for five days and he looks all down-trot and because of that. Back to the book. They get to a position where they're about to go to sleep. They're back in a bunker now and he sort of back in the rear but he's a little bit of the rear. He's with a more-to-position. So the more positions obviously aren't right on the front. So he's back with them and it's time to lay down. Back to the book. That was fine and laid down my mind churning with events the day. Hopes and fears both. But I was very tired. Then the air was full of sound. I sat up, Porterfield and Dodge were gone. Those are the two guys living in this bunker with them. I pulled on boots and snatched my helmet. You slept fully dressed with your webbelt on so I had my Smith and I had the Smith and Wesson. Outside it was black and then just below me a blinding glare as one of the mortars fired. It was followed by another off to the side and then by a third. Somewhere over the ridge there was the rip of machine gun fire and an unfamiliar fire from another weapon. I started down the hill to the mortar and placements half sliding on the hard pack snow. Porterfield grabbed my arm. Lieutenant you don't have to stir yourself. You need you sleep. Then I tell you we'd probably have a fire mission. What is it? Gooks are pestering Mr. Flynn again is all. Listen you hear it? That's a burp gun. Once you hear it you'll never mistake it for anything else. I like how the guys are out there doing this mortar mission and they're just telling the Lieutenant hey you can just stay in bed. We got this don't worry about it. He's all fired up right in down there they're like hey we got this. We don't you need your beauty sleep there sir. Just take it easy. And a burp gun this is a very common weapon. It's the most common weapon here in the Korean war for the North Koreans. The North Koreans made it. It was called a type 49 the Chinese made a version of it called the type 50 it's all based on a Russian version that was called a KPSH41 and this is a 762 by 25 millimeter weapon. So not not the same as an AK 47 little bit smaller around but a very very reliable weapon. Where they call it a burp gun because it's small nurse because the wood doesn't know it made noise it makes. That's why they call it that. Yeah it seems like a burp would be like a small burst of like quick rounds like machine them. I actually I don't think I've heard one but you know you can even say he says listen you hear it that burp that's a burp gun so it must have had a really distinctive sound when it fired. Back to the book the morning offered no evidence of the night. Porterfield made coffee and said there were no casualties anyone knew of though mortars might have gotten some people on the other side where they could not be seen. The other side they called them that or gooks or people they also called our Koreans gooks. The Chinese were chinks but we weren't facing them right now it was all very matter of fact how we spoke of the enemy. Now obviously those are not the politically correct terms to use but obviously I'm all going to also stick with the book because these are the terms that the guys use back then. The term gook from what I understand I read about a little bit it came from there's a there's a term there's a Korean to say America in or American in Korean the term was me gook and and so I guess you picture guys meeting you know some Korean soldiers and they're trying to see if they're Americans and they go me gook and they go oh you're gook okay cool and that's that kind of stuck. Kind of like me joko yeah you joko yeah that kind of thing. That kind of thing. All right back to the book the next four days would pass slowly I felt self-conscious about the simplest things should I walk in the trench or a top it if I stayed in it people might think I was afraid if I stayed out someone might accuse me of drawing fire and being a damn fool they didn't teach you the finer things at Kwanoko I compromised by walking a top the trench line but walking slumped so a couple things number one that's the kind of thing this young leader's thinking about like what do I appear like to the men if I walk hiding in the trench then I'm a I'm a wimp and if I stand up to tall on the top of the trench then I'm an idiot so which one do I want to be so he compromised he takes the little thing I talked about with when jp was on about how guys kind of slump down a little bit they they crouch there they bow their heads when they're walking around just to make themselves a little bit of a smaller target that's what he's talking about and that's what he did that's how he solved that problem. Now as he as he starts spending more time there he starts meeting the guys and he's very surprised that they are not exactly as quote unquote squared away as he might anticipate because these guys are Marines and he's coming from Kwanoko where everything is spit and polish right back to the book fresh from Kwanoko I knew I should not I should be righteous about it but it was chaffies company not mine some men wore knee length parkas others pile vests or field jackets won a forest green overcoat to his ankles there were stolen army jackets turtle neck sweaters a plaid sweater made respectable by an issue green scarf tossed jantley over one shoulder there were fur hats and hats with ear muffs ordinary fatigue caps and a baseball cap wool stocking caps overseas caps helmets some with green some with tan some without any camouflage cover there were thermal boots and ordinary boon dockers and jump boots liberated from the army men wore no insignia or black stripes painted on the sleeve or metal badges of rank I didn't recognize that they got from every breast pocket gleamed a brass spoon hammered from an old shell casing a gookspoon I did not know what they were and finally asked one Marine wore as purple heart another a nineteen forty eight do we for president button so this is not what he's used to he's used to see it guys totally square away and these guys are have obviously done whatever they can to try and stay warm back to the book fillups took us out to the right flank to see some onus he seemed glad we were there but he looked very weary tired though physically and good shape so some onus they had heard this story that some onus had done a pretty awesome operation where they went across the valley deep into some enemy control territory and killed a bunch of North Koreans and then made it back with no casualties so it's kind of a everyone's super impressed with this operation and back to the book max said something about his patrol the one young doll was bragging about that was the mission that went across the valley we were quiet and we were lucky some onus said it was obvious he didn't want to talk about it he excused himself saying he was inspecting weapons this morning then as they're walking along all of a sudden fillups moving faster than a pump man should drop into the trench down he shouted back and I jumped in after him there was an explosion in backs and black smoke rising somewhere behind us and then another whiz with a bang on the end of it 76 is Philips said squatting in the bottom of the trench flat trajectory weapon not as fast as it sounds if you hear the whiz you can usually beat the bang I looked past him at Alan Mac was beaming were they shooting at us I asked Philips likely they only wasted two so they couldn't have been serious about it just trying to instill a little discipline into three damn full marines he didn't seem angry at being shot at but we stayed in the trench for a hundred yards until it dropped away below the skyline it was all very casual max pleasure being sheld puzzled me one thing to be gun-ho about going to war another to be delighted someone was shooting at you max fired up this is pretty cool talking about the he's getting some education now from one of the one of the enlisted marines named Dodge and Dodge says most of the enemy weapons are Russian and the Russians are pretty smart about weapons their mortars are one millimeter larger in diameter than ours we got sixties and eighty ones they got sixty ones and eighty twos so they can use captured american mortar shells they slide in easy and just a little fraction loose but we can't use their shells they're just a tad too big for our tubes so Soviet unions pretty smart when they came up with that idea with that plan back to the book around three o'clock off the left there was a sudden mash of incoming mortar fire than a distant shouting chaffy just back from a scouting with scouting mission with lisman took off along the ridge towards flint's position I started to go but red Phillips barked to me stay put till we know what happened then Phillips phone rang it was flint four of his men sending themselves on top of a bunker taken a direct hit from an eighty two millimeter mortars of a gooks and thrown up without notice just one shell but two the Marines were dead another had lost both legs and the fourth was badly hold they brought them down past the CP the dead shrouded in ponchos the wounded conscious and in pain I stood watching feeling a stranger one of the dead was cousin to the man whose legs were gone they came from a town in Massachusetts the Marine without legs didn't seem to realize about his legs but he was talking about his cousin poor ready he said what's at his mother gonna say chaffy was with them at the corner at one corner of the four men carrying Eddie in the poncho he turned it over to someone else and went into the CP Phillips and I following get some onus chaffy said tell him to send three men up to flint for tonight to fill in the line tell him to thin out his own people where he can I'll try getting him some more men in the morning he can have my runners if he can't if I can't get anybody else they'll have that bunker okay before dark it wasn't banged up too badly the men took most of it while Phillips made the call chaffy turned to me well that happens no one to blame blame the sunshine if you have to lay blame Truman himself couldn't keep Marines from getting some sun good men too he hate to lose them anyway but losing them like this is stupid it hurts even more we learn though you won't see anyone goping off on top of a bunker for a while he picked up the battalion phone to call in the casualties so you can see chaffy's got like a a certain level of detachment right he's he's got a fair I would say it's actually a very good level of detachment where he's even in his own sentence he's saying it's horrible lose these guys no one to blame we need to move forward it's like the right level of he it hurts he says it hurts even more but he's not going crazy he's not beating himself up he's got job to do so there's a good level detachment that he's got going on and you're gonna hear more about that as well now this was interesting you know on on social media people are always asking about EDC which is everyday carry they say talk with your EDC what do you carry every day that's what that's what people want to know and when I read this this paragraph here I was thinking this is the EDC the everyday carry for the Korean War so when they ask you your EDC is a gun or just everything you carry knife what do you care for nice and wallet you know you're your various things that you carry yeah EDC yeah yeah all right back to the book talking EDC we forgot a lot of what they taught us at Quantico but I remember I remember Joe Will's lecture Will was a captain who'd been in the hard fighting around the poos around poos on the first summer of the war there were pictures of Will and his men in life magazine Will had really been to Korea and fought and so we listened and took notes Will didn't talk about war aims or strategy or even small unit tactics he told you what to take to Korea in your pockets nail clippers if your nails grew too long they caught on things and became jagged or maybe even ripped off one-a-day vitamins you were gonna miss meals and there was no fresh fruit or milk and you need to vitamins to keep you going a knife not to kill people with but just a boy scout knife with a couple of blades and a screwdriver and all toilet paper there was a package in every ration box but there was never enough a flashlight she then black rubber for insulation and against hard knocks a pen and a small smile spiral notebook you wanted to keep track of your men and to be able to write lists to leave notes for people a good watch with a luminous dial you could read at night a couple of good-sized bandanas you could use his hanker chiefs they were you were always wet and we're gonna catch a cold and your nose would run a toothbrush and toothpaste a small bar of soap a razor of course the soap will also work the shaving cream some raw-hide leather thongs in case your shoelaces broke or you had to make jury rig repairs to something a plastic bag keep your wallet in when you got wet an extra pair of wool socks a zip-o-liter for smoking and lighting fires you didn't need any stamps or money there was nothing to buy and no place to send it the dog tags went around your neck you hung them from a leather from leather thong at different lengths so they didn't clink together and make noise you wore two dog tags so that if you were killed they would cut one off and turn it into the graves registration or some other authority and leave one on the body to ensure accurate identification the Marine Corps had a system for just about everything people at Cuanoco said Joe will did some drinking nights at the officer's club but he gave a good lecture and most of us remembered when he told us as I was as I was pretty sure I was going to remember what I was learning now from chaffy philips and textless lisman and sergeant dodge so there's your EDC for Korea it's it's amazing how some of that small stuff gets like in the seal teams that's kind of thing that you'd get turned over from somebody that was in an area where you were and you'd be all happy to get these good turnovers so somebody say hey you really need this up here you need that and it'd be always good and it'd be bad when you'd forget or someone wouldn't give you a good turnover and you'd say wait a second I should have had this why why didn't anybody tell us that stuff and it was interesting too because when we first got over to one of my first deployment to Iraq man we were learning so many lessons about what was going on one of the biggest was how we were operating in humvies all time because we didn't really do that much before the war started solve us and we were just learning a lesson a day in how to operate with humvies and we just logged it all down and pass it on so the next guys knew what was coming and capture those lessons learned and pass them on and by the way when you're coming into theater and you haven't done the job whatever job some that you're taking over from somebody listen to whatever they're telling you don't go in with your preconceived notions you might have your own ideas that's fine I'm not saying don't have your own ideas but listen to what people are telling you because they're gonna know some things that you don't know and that's all there is to it all right now there's a point where it looks like chaffee's gonna decide which one of these two guys Brady or Mac Allen is gonna get to take over his platoon commander and they're actually gonna do a a coin flip to decide so that's just who it is and it turns out that Brady wins the coin toss well it's your platoon now Brady chaffee says chaffee says I won't worry about how you'll do both of you are ready to take platoon's you'll get yours soon Allen when Flynn goes home the thing to remember is we were all platoon leaders once a good job the finest command a man can have no where I don't care how long you live or what you do will you ever have direct responsibility for so many men you can command more men you can be a general with a division but it's no longer direct kernels and generals are nodded into the system the whole military bureaucracy you make your own system here you run it it's year platoon and I have to agree with the fact of being a platoon commander is awesome and you have total control and I will say this though I always looked at every job like that like every job I got my own you know in time I get put in charge of something whether I got put in charge of radios when I was a new guy and I just had to be in charge of any people I was in charge of radios I was like oh yeah I'm gonna set these radios up like this I'm gonna make make that my world right and then when I was got promoted and I was a squad leader and all of a sudden yeah I'm like this my squad and we gonna do things and so I always to have that feeling of what is basically a feeling of ownership right I'll take ownership and I always did that but he's right in the fact that once you go above Tune Commander now there's gonna be other there's gonna be someone else that's gonna actually own those guys and it's not you so you gotta give those two commanders some space so they can do their thing what a good job when you get that opportunity for a platoon sergeant a platoon chief or a platoon commander it's it's about as good as it's gonna get in my personal opinion all right here's here's a again I talked about how how Chaffey's sort of the reason why I wanted to do this book and this is a classic example good leadership lesson learned for anybody here back to the book another order came up which sounded dumb so dumb I thought Chaffey was jolly in us the order was to pick up all the brass expended along the line and send it back for salvage brass is the military term for empty shell casings ejected from weapons when bullets are fired in the states on the firing range you're supposed to pick up the brass to police the area to keep it neat but here the following morning Chaffey as usual was up and down the company front with his wolf slope moving fast without seeming to seeing everything knowing everyone he called me into the CP when he got back your machine gunners aren't picking up the brass it's piled up around the guns and down the slope did you give them the order I said I hadn't considered it a serious order all orders are serious chaffey said in turn away I was ashamed and angry it was a ridiculous order but chaffey was right I should have carried it out now he caught me doping off this was a chaffey this was a chaffey I hadn't seen before a man with whom you didn't play games I would not again I didn't want to look I didn't want that cold look coming down on me again he didn't shout or curse when he chewed you out but he didn't have to you understood so that's any of these anybody that thinks they're yelling and screaming that's having this huge impact you're probably wrong you're probably wrong you should sell them have to do that fear and a leadership position back to the book I hustled down the line to give the necessary orders to the gunners who looked at me as if I were mad I said they were chaffey's orders and to be obeyed shrugging and sulky they started picking up the brass so what does he do what is Brady do he gets down there says hey guys pick up the brass when they start looking at him like all this is ridiculous he goes hey look it's chaffey chaffey told us to do it so do it which is not good leadership that's not good leadership right he's passing the buck on up the chain of command a this is bosses this is the bosses plan I don't agree with it but we have to do it anyways wrong and he finds out just how wrong it is here back to the book it was not until later I learned that the order was from young doll and that chaffey too thought it was inane but in dog company he issued orders as if they were his own idea without passing the buck or permitting any reflection on higher authority it would take time before I learned to do the same so when you pass that word you can argue all day long up the chain of command but once the decision's been made and now you're talking to the boys that's your order now that's your plan that's your idea you own it all right now they spend a little bit more time up on the line and the make-o-back to the reserves into the rear for a little while and when they go back to the rear it's their their marine so they're continuing to stay disciplined they call them night problems with that means exercises when I say problems sometimes I'm gonna forget to say this but when they say problems they're talking about exercises back to the book the night problems went on in the inspections and drills and all the chicken shit of reserve area chicken shit is a term that they use in the military is just stupid stuff that they make you for no reason right it's just a common term is that all this is chicken shit like hey we're gonna paint these paint these rocks white that's the big thing you know we're gonna clean this sidewalk again hey we're gonna sweep up the parade ground again we've swept the yesterday we're gonna sweep it again let's just check and shit stuff the weather got colder and worse but I began to feel wonderful suddenly I stopped thinking about minds and about losing my legs the hell with it worrying it and being afraid wasn't going to help after that I felt fine one afternoon coming back from a live fire problem Mac Allen and I were in such high spirits we fell behind the party just to wrestle in the snow out of pure delight I was easy for Mac but we had a fine time and rolled halfway down the bank and nearly into a stream Mac scrub my face with snow before we quit and stuff to handful down my shirt it was boyish it was silly and we knew it but with another tour on the line coming up you took pleasure where you could so he's he's got a little attitude change number one he's over this idea of being afraid of minds and being afraid he's like hey I can't control it do everything I can't mitigate but it is what it is and then of course sometimes you got to get a little roll in little bit of a roll and now they get back back on the line and again I'm obviously skipping sections of this because I'm not going to read the whole book you should read the whole book but they're back on the line and now Brady is in charge of a platoon he's a platoon commander and Chaffee comes around to to check out his kind of his his section of the line back to the book my bunker was toward the base of the nose where it joined the main ridge so nose a little little terrain feature that stuck out and that's where his bunker is I showed Chaffee over the ground not going all the way to either flank it was too late for that and dark was coming but I gave him the gist of it keep 50% of men on watching till I tell you different all right I I sir this looks like a good line Brady better than the last yes it does sir we've got work to do though get some more wire in plot the minds and don't get too relaxed just because it's high any hill marines can climb down the gooks can climb up get relaxed and you'll find trouble I said I wasn't too relaxed Chaffee greeted that with a grin I don't imagine you are first night on the line with a new platoon I laughed it was getting late the sun gone now but Chaffee walked away but Chaffee walked with me for a way the two of us alone not much I want to say Brady you'll do a fine job for me I'm not worried about that but one thing they don't tell you at quannico and maybe they should get to know your people as marines as professionals learn their capacities their strengths their weaknesses but don't get to know them as men none of this first name stuff don't ask about their families or their hometown whether they're married if they've got kids do that and before you know it you'll lose your judgment you'll be sending a man out on point because he's single and not because he's the best point man there's something else get to know your men too well too personally and when you lose one you'll be losing a piece of yourself a platoon leader can't afford that it's bad enough losing men without losing pieces of you too remember that Brady it's hard learned and it's right I said I would remember Chaffee went off bouncing along the icy path and down the hacked out steps the reverse slope in the gloom a lean tireless figure who did not look back who told you what to do and left you to do it now that that section obviously in in in the seal teams in special operations in general there's definitely a much closer relationship between the officers and the senior enlisted guys and the troopers that just the way it is I mean you're doing everything together you're going through training together you're you're doing everything together so you that that that wall between the ranks definitely gets degraded somewhat and this is something that I talk about all the time and this is part of the dichotomy of leadership right this is part of the dichotomy of leadership and and what you do is you know you're gonna have your relationships with your guys but you got to make sure that you're not you gotta make sure you keep those on a control and and like for me I was it was fairly easy for me to have really good relationships with guys to have to have guys that were my best freaking friends and be like okay and you're the best guy for this job so you're gonna go to that and I didn't I I never let the personal things crossover into my business in my my tactical reasoning ever it just didn't happen and that's why I definitely had better relationships close relationships than what Chaffey's talking about here no doubt about it you know and I think that's beneficial in a lot of ways because yeah you know you know what's making guys tick and obviously the down fault of that is that when you do lose guys you are gonna lose a PCU and that's the reality of it now going back to the book he gets another visit from the kernel the kernel comes up on the line so the guy above above Chaffey and the chain of command comes up same thing just looking at his trench in what he's got going on back to the book the kernel said where are your machine guns the answer was I didn't know exactly what I said was they're down with the squads the first squad has won and the second and the lieutenant what bonkers are your machine goes in guns in do you know they're fields of fire how would they late do you have aiming stakes in no sir you should know shouldn't you yes sir then find out I sir the words floated in the crisp cold of the hill as the kernel hop gently into his chopper and left I got on the phone to call Chaffey I told him I thought I'd better since the kernel surely would Chaffey didn't say much over the phone well he said I guess you better go out and chart your guns head and you now this is something if you're in a leadership position and you get inspected up the chain command you and you said yourself oh should I tell my immediate boss that something's gonna come back yes you should is the answer yes you should don't let your boss is get you don't ever want your boss to get blindsided with something same thing you know in the military we'd have guys getting trouble out in town yeah and like get arrested kind of some kind of stuff get arrested getting a fight whatever now this is this is what I how would I would handle those situations if I could contain them right if I could contain them myself and I could punish the guy myself on handlet at my level I would do it but if it was something that was gonna get out of control and we weren't gonna be able to stop it if it was gonna be in a newspaper or something like that well then I tell my boss like this is what happened I had one of my idiot guys went out got drunk out and fight went out call some problems this is what happened so that way he's not getting blindsided by it he can prepare for it he can have an answer he can say that this is the punish that's being dealt out or whatever get the thing handled yeah so when something like this happens tell your boss what's going on just it's gonna be uncomfortable for those 12 seconds that it takes for you to get those words out of your mouth once those words out of your mouth I promise you'll feel better you will definitely feel better back to the book chaff he didn't say anything more he didn't need to but I knew there was plenty he would have said there was plenty the kernel of the regiment would say to the kernel of a Italian who in his turn and in the hallowed traditions of the core would have a few words for chaffy I felt pretty bad it seemed unfair a fine officer like chaffy a good man should suffer because a green junior officer dope off but it was the way things were and the way it had to be later in the day chaffy met with fillups and the three platoon leaders he stressed as a might a teacher in kindergarten the importance of basic things the precise location of machine guns being only one of these fundamentals he made no reference to the kernel none to me he simply reminded us of the things he wanted done and said he expected them to be done then he and fillups loped off to look at something in the rest of us drifted back to our platoons I wanted to tell the rest of them it was my fault we'd been lectured I wanted to hug trat chaffy for not saying so these were mistakes that came with still being an amateur in a professional's war so there's another just great example of leadership he couldn't he could hammer Brady and say look Brady did this and he doesn't know what his guys are doing and he didn't know where's machine guns are made us all look bad he didn't do that no no and said he doesn't mention Brady's name he tells everybody they got to get stuff done now it is Brady want to do better for him yes he absolutely does he's building that building up that leadership capital with his troops by not drop and dime on somebody making out an example out of now is there times where you have to do that of course there is but this one was nothing major right a little stern talking to you from the kernel hey I can absorb that not gonna not gonna make Brady look bad but I'm gonna build up that loyalty yeah now they go out in operation in a guy named Fitz gets wounded and it almost he's he and Brady's actually also very close to the mine that goes off but he's okay and at night he gets back to his bunker and there's a guy named Princeton who's taken over his senior enlisted guy kind of his sergeant that's working for him and here we go back to the book that night I worked hard at tidying my half of the bunker eight very little but enjoyed what I had and tried unsuccessfully to get Princeton to talk about the days events I gave that up and wrote a number of letters separate ones to my mother and father telling them what happened and that I was okay and that I love them and another to a girl the girls tall and lean and very pretty and quite exciting but we had never really meant anything to each other now I wrote her quite dramatically that I nearly been killed that my eyes had been opened and as soon as I got back we should begin to consider the future we've wasted an awful lot of time you and I the letter concluded it was a college boys letter and in the morning I tore up all three letters chiding myself for being calo and sent a free paragraph letter home in which I discussed the weather in some detail Princeton who wrote to his wife once a month shook his head over all this correspondence I just love that he's he's just growing up he's growing up fast on the line in Korea first he's right good girl I almost got killed and this is what's going on and I get what we need to consider our future together he just rips that up in the morning and then writes his parents about the weather that's classic and I totally agree with Princeton who's right and what you don't if you're on deployment don't get in this mode where you're spending all your time trying to thinking about what's going on back home concentrate on what you're doing overseas the most but the best thing you can do for your family it's concentrate on what you're doing overseas so you can lift and you can win that's what you want to focus on you let your family you know contact them once a week hey what's going on everything I'm doing great that's another thing is you know you don't need to tell your family back home all the stuff that's going on just say look we're doing great I'm having the best time it's a lot of fun miss you and I'll be home whatever I hope every house Johnny's you know grades in kindergarten let's talk about that how's it how's he like in his jiu jitsu class is he working on his armac houses communal look let's stick to those subjects not gonna all crazy all right now this is uh he starts going into a description of what some of the guys were like has now he spent some time with any he's getting to know them back to the book I started to get to know my men like most people my age I've been brought up on Hollywood's idea of a marine platoon a demographically ethnically balanced blend of wasps and the rest of us you know a Brooklyn jiu street wise but sensitive a big city Italian talking baseball and making of seam arm gestures behind your back a dumb hayseed farm boy with a girl back home a heroic black man a Puerto Rican or Mexican with a rosary muddering Spanish wisdom a feisty little Jimmy Cagni Irishman with a chip on his shoulder a goulosh of stereotypes the reality in Korea was somewhat different my platoon had no jiu's one black no Hispanics one Indian certainly and so on there were Protestants and Catholics and few who are nothing and that was it some Irish some polls some Italians a few French and the Irish were sober and it was the Midwest roobs who got emotional while the Italians were being my fodical and flagmatic nor were the battalion officers what the Marine Corps had traditionally been southern gentlemen now we were easterners Ivy Leagueers college kids California's Californians men from Detroit and Chicago and Seattle so a little different from what you might imagine not quite as diverse as they made it out to be in Hollywood now going to a little more detail about a rifle platoon in the Marine Corps in Korea back to the book a marine rifle platoon in Korea was a superbly balanced tactical unit with enormous firepower and an eminently sensible fundamental premise eminently sensible fundamental premise in combat no one man can reasonably be expected to control directly and effectively more than three other men in a firefight you can't keep tabs on more than three Marines and still be aware of the enemy a marine rifle platoon has three squads whose squad leaders are trained to maintain contact with the platoon leader when he issues orders he issues them not to 40 men but only to these three sergeants in their turn each control three fire teams each of which is commanded by a corporal fire team leader they look to the squad leader for their orders he to them for action in the fire team the corporal has three men whom he controls and who look always to him during a firefight so this is just a very clear explanation of decentralized command and when you're out on the battlefield you can't control 30 guys or 60 guys or 20 guys or even 10 and actually he makes a very good point he says in a firefight you can't keep tabs on more than three Marines and still be aware of the enemy so maybe if you weren't didn't have to worry about the enemy and what they were doing maybe then you could handle six or 12 but you gotta worry about what the enemies do and do you're gonna a lot of other stuff to worry about so you can handle three guys and you see this this happens in the business world as well where people start to build little worlds where they have where they have direct reports they have 18 direct reports that's not gonna work that you should not have 18 and administrative situation I think you can handle 78 maybe you can get to 10 maybe I don't recommend the fewer direct reports you have and the more you empower and the better off you're gonna be the more you're gonna be able to look around the more you're gonna be able to see what your competitors are doing you more time you have to spend on strategy when you have 12 or 16 direct reports you don't even have time to think because you're in their worlds all day long you're not in your world you're in 18 different brains that just doesn't work yeah so set yourself up with decentralized command now we go into back into where they're just on the line and we're about to have a little bit of action back to the book we were waiting awake Prince and cleaning is M1 rifle like most Marines then the first grenade exploded followed by a second and a third the phone sounded at my year it was chaffy the man never slept what if you got up there Brady is that your area where we're getting grenades yes sir over by the heavy machine gun section I gave him the closest mortar concentration as I was trained to do then I tried to cool down the affair but there's nothing else maybe someone's a little shook over there throwing a shadows no firing anywhere whether not supposed to throw grenades a shadows chaffy tell them to hold their fire until they see something want me to come up there no sir chaffy asked to be kept informed so chaffy's just saying hey look get this handled you want me to come up there because by the way I can come up there if need be no I got it and then the snow comes and when the snow comes it's brutal back to the book even chaffy was grounded by the snow he held his daily company meeting by telephone transmitting the password giving a brief account of the fighting elsewhere checking on the conditions of the men and irregularities in supply there were no patrols but chaffy urged us over and over not to be old not to relax to be alert when everyone else might nod to scout out the ground each day whatever the weather to see to it the weapons were clean and lightly oiled oil froze in this cold you couldn't use much Prince and I alternate visiting the flank of each pertune once a day in this snow it was easier to duck into the bunkers to talk to inspect weapons to question the men at the firing ports they brewed cocoa or coffee and I took it so this is something that we see consistently from chaffy is that he is constantly on his guys to maintain their discipline right and even when things are going okay he always says hey yeah that's good job on that guess what let's not get laks and that's exactly what he's doing right here urge us over and over not to be low not to relax somebody's got to be driving that back to the book a new tenant had just joined Fox company an enapolis graduate a trade school man a matter of understandable pride already in the battalion are very own academy graduate he had four years of anapolis behind him all those parades all that tradition all those army navy games and another four months at the basics school at quannico fox company was very excited having him it made everything so official so grand but beyond that he seemed good man a cool and professional young officer who would do his job his name was folder and his nickname was lucky and he was 22 or 23 years old when the bar man squeezed off the burst marines came out of every bunker along the fox company line and on my flank a dozen men with rifles and bars started down the hill after the raiders hoping they could move faster than the dooks with their prisoners hoping to catch them before they crossed the river and disappeared into their own minds falter would not yet been out in front of the line because the five-day rule was one of the first men to reach the grove of trees as he and others ran through the low pines hurtling over the spring the deep funk of mortars drifted up to us from across the valley all around falter marines threw themselves flat in the snow pulling helmets down tight over their ears legs pulled in close cupping their bodies against what they knew was coming falter had never heard an incoming mortar before one of the first shells hit lucky falter i'm reading who is nearby said falter made no sound could not have known he was hit no one else was hit only falter scary thing and i talked about that before on here and being in situations where you can hear the mortars and obviously you learn what that sounds like and falter hadn't learned it and didn't know it was like and you know probably no one even thought that you know because i was thinking about how's this happened no one tells me to get down i'll tell you how that happens everyone else it's so instinctive at this point they hear it and they get down they're not looking around they just think everyone knows like oh yeah obviously we got Morris coming no one yells out in calming they just everyone gets down and he just doesn't know it yet and that lack of knowledge costume is life and that's why another thing when you're doing turn over with guys overseas like go into detail on stuff and stuff that you take for granted don't take it for granted and if you if you think if you're worried about appearing condescending to someone just go ahead and appear condescending go ahead and go over the details to say look man i don't mean i know you're not stupid but i'm just gonna go over this just in case you didn't know here's the deal when you hear this noise funk that means mortars are coming so get down now we get Brady started to do some patrolling i back to the book i took out the first patrol for dog company Nelson squad it wasn't required that the patoon lieutenant go out but it was sensible showing you wouldn't send a patrol where you wouldn't go yourself so common thing you know you if you're sending your guys out make sure they know that you're going to go out too you're not just sitting back in the bunker we saw that in patoon leader remember the book and Vietnam where the one patoon leader every day his patoon's are going out or his squads are going out but he's just staying back there oh hiding mm-hmm yeah don't be that guy moving forward a little bit back to the book i lost two more men one of them danker had a fire team in the third squad danker was one of the men wounded its September on 749 that's a hill bit they found a big battle 7 hill 749 you're going to hear about that Brady wasn't on it put some of a lot of his veterans were his wounds were cured but he was only a month away from rotation and he was shook that's what they called combat fatigue danger danger did everything he was told to do but he was afraid he begged prince and to do something then when a chaffee's runners broke a leg on the ice steps and i sent danker to the cp is a runner he came to thank me lieutenant i haven't searched you but if i have to go out in another ambush i'm scared i'll do something bad and get people hurt i don't know i just can't know more control the way i am the way i feel i used to be a good man he began to cry and i turned away and told prince to get him settled up that the captain was waiting so we're starting to see some some psychological impact on the guys and i think i think that Brady handles this perfectly very similar to the way dick winners would handle it oh we got a guy that started losing a little bit get him off the line give him a break give him a rest and the big thing that winners points out dick winners i'm talking band of brothers first the five o'clock one of the things that he put points out is if you get the guy off the line they they'd come back they'll be okay if you don't and you grind them out it's like having an engine that's low on oil if you get it to the service station they'll just put more oil in there come back it's going to it's going to be fine if you keep driving that thing dry on oil it's going to be destroyed and that's the same thing that can happen with with people with people's minds you know see some more minds get start to become affected by this back to the book Kelso the machine gunner lost a man it wasn't the gooks that did it but the wind we'd been on the line three weeks and the wind never stopped one night Kelso's corporal went berserk firing off a heavy machine gun inside the bunker trying to kill rats that no one else saw they carried him off in the morning cursing the wind and the rats jooling and trying to tear off his clothes prints and looked at him foughtfully i was shaken by the sounds coming from a good marine a solid nco so again both these guys danker and this this guy right here they're good marines that just couldn't they just got they just had enough and they need to get off the line they need to break back to the book we lost other men only fits Gerald squad did not lose anyone fits would not permit himself to be evacuated the morning i trip the mind and he would not permit his men to quit he was tough but he was more than that he was the best we had and his men knew it and they refused to weaken even when weakness closed in on them fits Gerald drove them and they drove themselves that's such a great indicator of what leadership is all these other people losing people people are going crazy they're they're they're combat fatigue they're being overcome fits Gerald is a leader and he holds the line and that makes his guys hold the line and it says you know it's he was tough but he was more than that it's not just about being tough being tough only gets you a part of the way there yeah this is uh this next loss of men is just awful back to the book back Allen lost men his patoon sergeant took out a typical patrol terrible cold but no fighting they came back in about two a.m. using a fixed rope that to help them scramble up nearly sheer ice below the wire came in half frozen and tired mac was there to meet them to check in each man as he questioned the patoon sergeant about the patrol the sergeant remembered damn me mister Allen we left the rope out there hanging down from just below the wire the sergeant yelled for another marine to give him a hand and disappeared over the lip of the ridge with a husky blonde marine in tow mac was back in the bunker taking off his boots when a burst of machine gun fire then another ripped through the mountain stillness outside marines were running mac pulled on the boots and crawled out grabbing a man running by where's the patoon sergeant where's the sergeant and wind gate in the confusion it took a few minutes to find them they both lay dead on the forward slope big wind gate draped over the wire the sergeant curled up looking like a man taking a nap on a red and patch of snow one of Allen's machine gunners knew the patrol was in but no one had fought to tell him about the two men going back out to retrieve the rope as they came back he took them for gooks trailing the patrol home trying for a straggler and he fired off two short effective bursts he was a very good gunner and he caught both men in the face the rope was coiled neatly over the sergeant's shoulder wind gate was in my machine gun patoon on 749 before being transferred to max patoon not a terribly good marine a brooder most men disliked him one of the few friends he had was the gunner who killed him knowing what losing sergeant and wind gate would mean to mac I called him on the company phone to talk about it he wondered if he should have just left the dam rope out there dangling no matter that the sergeant should have passed word that they were going back out this was max patoon and these his men and their deaths his deaths it carried the body to the supply tent just below the company cp and laid them out the cold would take care of them through the night and in the morning the gook train would come through but when the gooks got there and ate stretcher bears fell out to approach the supply plant tent to pick up the dead and carry them down the hill a marine stopped them the gunner who'd killed wind gate and the sergeant he had sat crying all might in the tent sitting over the bodies and now he stood just outside the tent flap dry eyed but holding a 45 automatic you're not taking them he said the gooks dropped the two stretchers and scattered along the path and both directions crazy marines the stretcher lay on the ice chaffy walked up to the gunner give it here corporal he said you know wind gate wouldn't want you doing that stay back skipper the corporal said he waved the gun crying again now and shaking his head I was down there by now with all the excitement and to me it was pretty clear a fast man standing this close could jump and a new chaffy was very fast but the captain just stood there easily hands on his hips fill he said fill you know Johnny wouldn't want anyone hurt over him the corporal didn't move for an instant and then he shook his head and his right arm flexed then fell the pistol hanging loose in his hand chaffy reached out to take it then he did something I would not have done he slipped the 45 back into the corporal's holster patting him on the shoulder and waved the gooks to come to the tent then chaffy and fillups and eye with the corporal's help lay the two bodies very gently on the stretchers they were frozen solid and handled like cordwood the corporal sat in the snow crying until red fillups got him to drink some coffee and go back to his bunker I realized it was the first time I'd heard chaffy call a marine by his Christian name so this blue on blue and I seem to hit this in every book that we we talk about it for some reason it's something that doesn't get taught very often it didn't get taught to me in great detail the detail I wish it got taught in something that happens happens as simple as this I always got the rope we're going to go back out and grab it and then you got two dead marines killed by another marine I mean it's just an awful situation so don't ever take any part of an operation lightly ever and make sure you keep people informed of where you're going to be on the battlefield and there's nothing harder when you're when you're leaving the lines you got to let people know don't take it for granted that people understand what's going on so these are kind of things that are happening back to the book so the gooks were not the only danger we were killing ourselves and breaking our legs and falling sick and cracking up and being carried away it was how it was in a mountain of war and deep winter but the gooks were to have their chances both Mac Allen and I had lost men and now it came Simonis's turn so Simonis is the guy that I'd said I had done a big operation it was pretty successful hadn't taken a gas leaves and killed a bunch of enemy and now we're about to do any encounter with him some things are going sideways for him back to the book I heard the firing before I was really awake part reality part night mare I sat up suddenly in the bag Prince and was up and dressed and he handed me a canteen cup hot with coffee very strong and black the way he made it Prince went on fussing with domestic chores keeping a tidy bunker Mr. Simonis is catching it he said Simonis had taken a patrol down the mountain the night before and ambitious affair affair all the way into the valley he should have been back and into the line by this time it was almost six I tried to call the CP but nobody answered they must all be out trying to do something about Simonis then I remembered that Chaffey wasn't there he torn his hand helping men lay barbed wire it had become infected and he was down at the battalion getting it repaired Chaffey had no business out there musseling wire but tried telling Chaffey not to do things so there's Chaffey's not around the square away company commander's not around so it's actually fill ups that's running the company right now and you got Simonis supposed to be back in the wire but he's not he stuck out in the in the field and Simonis had had radio contact and he'd been caught out there at first light as they went across a little stream and they got mortar they got hit and so finally Brady goes and and gets to fill ups and talks to him fill ups just back to the book fell was standing in front of the CP looking saw him look red I'll take some people down there if you want with stretchers and help Simonis get out of there fill ups looked at me for the first time and in what seemed to be focus yeah yeah he said that's a good idea I sent a fire team down already with a corpsman and some blood but they're gonna need more than that good idea get a squad of people together I appreciate this get them back I appreciate it they came to me he was afraid maybe they wouldn't be back and so Brady gathers up his troops and they take off he says he's feeling afraid but he's going anyways and they take off down the hill and it's it's a long distance but they get make it up very quickly because they're traveling light and they're heading downhill which is pretty easy no it's obviously easier than going uphill back the book I was at the bottom before I expected a dozen or more marines lay around in the snow some under pines under some pines at the edge of flat ground there were two dead Simonis told me and seven wounded out of 12 only one of the wounded was really bad and he might not make it the others were walking wounded it was the mortars that caught them in the open ground at first light they must have had the concentration registered he said because there were no ranging shots just silence one moment and shells were wearing the next there was no firing at all from either side so one thing that one thing about mortars is first of all they're hard to shoot accurately and we talk about ranging what you do is you shoot one if you try to hit a target you shoot the first one long and then you shoot the second one short and then you take the two the compromise and two in the middle and then you're going to hit your target so that's that's how mortars work so what they have in this situation when he said that they must have had the mortars registered that means they already have and they know that spot and they don't have to range them at all they can just drop them and the other thing that so mortars they can just you don't always hear that sound of them being launched especially if it's further away you're not going to hear that or different atmosphere occurred noise conditions you know if you've got heavy cloud cover that reflects the noises but if you don't maybe you don't hear it maybe different terrain doesn't let you hear noises just like noises reflecting around in a city and the other thing about mortars that is is hard to understand mortars coming all different shapes and sizes and small mortars are tiny they're tiny little 60 millimeter mortars they're tiny and I mean it's six centimeters right that's how big it is they're tiny little things and then it goes all the way up to 120 millimeter and now they go bigger than that but the common is you know as big as 120 millimeters yeah yeah it's big yeah and so what you end up with the main point of this is that these things when mortars hit the shards the the the shrapnel that comes off them people think of shrapnel is being little tiny things and I've talked about this before shrapnel is big shrapnel is giant shrapnel can be eight to ten inches long I mean just giant and they're thick shrapnel can is a half inch piece of steel just a big chunk a half inch piece of steel it's brutal and so when it hits them in these guys totally unexpected there's walking and boom it's it's devastating but the shooting it stopped back to the book they had stretchers out and rolled the bodies aboard strapping them on with their own belts and then four men lifted coffee and slid or stretcher under him so coffee will this a big giant guy they said he's over six six just a monster of a guy God knows what he weighs but he's huge and so they got a carry him and like I mentioned that they were running downhill to get to him well now to get back they got to go uphill the whole way we heaved him up and started off up the trotting snow slowly as it had to be with his weight on the hill the hill reached endlessly upward so they are trudging and it doesn't take long for them to be like exhausted back to the book the other three men looked as bad as I felt we were all tired the four of us and among us there wasn't a damn shred of sympathy anymore for coffee the cause of our exhaustion of our misery we all hated poor coffee old when I realized this some pride seemed to back into me we were all in the same fix I didn't want to be the first to give up but if I didn't give up soon I would die there with coffee old there in the snow broken by the impossible load we carried I was climbing now with my eyes shut not wanting to see how much hill remained my mouth wide open and gasping we all fell again the third time like Christ under the cross this time I didn't get to my feet but crouch there gulping air around me the others were still down then Simone is at my side time to change over we'll take him for a stretch so this is just a brutal physical evolution that's happening I was back to the book I was thirsty but my canteen was frozen solid Princeton was always warning me about that but I hadn't wanted to add whiskey the way Princeton I regretted it now and scooped up smooth snow from just off the trail and let it melt in my mouth so imagine that you're just devastatingly thirsty and boom you go to get your drink your canteen it's frozen completely solid brutal now they continue I mean it's it's it's just a heinous evolution that they go through they finally get him back up back to the book the climb was over 13 hours after it began over for today tomorrow could be the same or worse it really wasn't fair that having done so much there was still so much to do you never really mastered war never got on top of it it was always too big there was too much to it ever to finish the job now it goes from that just brutal situation I mean imagine 13 13 hours but you think it's you think you're gonna be back in like 45 minutes right hand run out we'll help these guys we'll get some stretchers and then you you run down there it's 13 hours later your dehydrated but he starts to go into some reflections now of what it was like some other parts of the war and you're gonna see he's gonna oscillate back and forth as he describes some of the stuff but it's all really good information and things to think about back to the book when you weren't fighting the war was pretty good mornings were the best time the terror of the night ended the patrols and ambushes and duck blinds men slept late when there was snow it in the night it lay smooth and on track no industrial smokestack or city set turning it down or in gray no vehicles to turn it into slush it hung glistening on the pine branches until the sun warming as it rose thawed it into tiny shining icicles glistening melting drop drop men crawled out of their bunkers into the morning calm the industrious using entrenching tools to dig away the snow tidying the trench so there's that's the dichotomy of war and he's gonna go back and forth on this dichotomy quite a bit do you know I mean guarantee you experience that to where overall it's just this really junk situation overall but then all those little almost like micro pleasures you know how it's this little thing they kind of add up and then you kind of miss them yeah it's interesting that never even mind micro that's one of the reasons I'm in this chapter you're gonna see like he's talking it goes back and forth about what makes it good and what makes it fun and there's something and I've talked about the story there's something so pure about being overseas fighting a war you know to think about anything else yeah you like you don't think about anything else and just this pure thing that you have then nothing else in the world matters and that feels good I love that feeling yeah even like what if you think packed you tear I don't know so certain some people they're like oh yeah my college days where I was oh so broke there's all this like junk stuff and how much better it is now but you think back on just the the small good parts you know like yeah well you definitely everybody everybody self edits their past and remembers the good stuff more than the bad yeah right I mean that definitely happens yeah if I didn't happen you know I've heard said if that didn't happen women would never have more than one kid right because it doesn't give in birth this is like a really tough evolution so I don't want to do that again but the reality is women have all kinds of kids despite the toughness of that evolution because they were not with the good stuff yeah especially I mean sometimes if they if they kind of leave that experience with a bad idea of it then then they'll self edit the other way like all it was just junk but you know those times when it's like we always kind of miss those times well to say there's all kinds of when you're on deployment there's all kinds of frustrations and and there's infighting and there's all these problems and then you get back for and everyone hates each other you get back everyone's like oh yeah yeah you said all that stuff is out yeah yeah when you think when you go on deployment if you make it back and you know and get back it's like you know you've done a good thing you know to go fight for your country is a good thing straight up so you know that seed it's pretty rare you're gonna emerge thinking oh man we shouldn't have done that kind of thing yeah no that's definitely not a few of them overall you know overall so that's one of those things where yeah it's the way you're gonna self edit it's gonna be in the good way you know so you're gonna be oh I miss all that miss that time even though it was miserable and I think what's cool is I think you're gonna see here this here he goes back and forth like he's definitely self editing some of the good stuff but he's also going right into some of the his description and we'll get to it here in a minute I think it's I think it's in this section but he's talking about like when the night comes and it's awesome we'll get there in a minute back to the book Princeton like most regulars made a fetish of shaving daily water was always short we melted snow and can't teen cups over Coleman stoves and parceled out from five gallon Jerry cans water maybe is the heaviest thing Marines ever have to carry we never washed there wasn't water for that I suppose we smelled pretty bad but you stopped noticing the air and the bunkers lighted by candles and warm by Coleman stoves was so foul that you spit suck and body oomer odor didn't really register you never changed clothes except for socks I had two pairs of heavy wool socks and I tried to change every day the socks you put on were filthy but after 24 hours they were dry the sweat evaporated frozen feet were continual fear we all knew the horror stories from the winter before many lost toes or an entire foot sometimes both feet if you could somehow keep your feet dry the cold wasn't as dangerous you might if the Koreans didn't get you or a mine or an accidental discharge or a short round survived the winter with limbs intact how the socks smelled didn't matter only if they were dry and there's a part there's a part of the book that I didn't talk about that I didn't highlight at least I don't think I did but they're they're showing them a film to get ready to go to Korea and the film is of a guy with frost bitten toes and the surgeon he's not even using a knife he's just the toes are just they're just coming off like breaking off a toe like breaking off a toy off a branch and you know that kind of thing right there we'll make a try and keep your feet dry back to the book if I had one I smoked a cigar chewing the stub into pulp spitting juice onto the snow at my feet onto my thermal boots it didn't matter which there were no inspections up here none of the garrison chicken shit you lived with a quannico or penultin or even in reserve these were good times too afternoons looking at the mountains in the snow and smoking and spitting with knowing to complain scratching yourself where you witched your groin or your belly or wherever you're in a country this lovely unless you are someone was shooting at you or sending you out on patrol if you could stay warm and dry and you knew there was a one more can of sweet peaches or pairs back in the bunker the war wasn't so bad so that's awesome that's what I'm talking about you're over there there's no it's weird because there's all kinds of rules when you're in combat but they're different rules and the the rules of normal life they don't apply anymore and you just do whatever you want they don't have a case is you know oh this is an orc as smash it oh I don't like this gonna break it oh there's something over there shoot at it it's fun it's awesome and then yeah and then like you know he's literally talking about you know just scratching yourself like you're just it's just man's world right I mean at least it was for me just a bunch of guys hanging out with a cool job and so it's awesome it's fun now things you're gonna see this is that this is that paragraph that I was talking about it's awesome then by 230 or 2405 in the afternoon the sun would start to fall toward the ridge line and the wind out of Siberia would pick up and I would begin to shiver not just from the cold but knowing that the good time was nearing its end that darkness was coming the dark and the night and the terrible cold and unless we were lucky the fighting I hated to see the dusk come in combat there are no beautiful sunsets a falling sun is a warning of the night the shadows lengthen and the temperature falls and the wind seeks you out men begin to move around now restless nervey bizzing themselves with chores to take their minds off the night breaking down weapons one more time for cleaning rearranging their grenades and bringing in the sleeping bags left out for a day's airing heating a supper of lime of beans and ham before dark once the night comes there may not be time once the darkness falls the good times are passed the pleasant indolence the contemplation of the day is gone by 430 there is no more sun and then only a swift dusk and then the real night cold and frightening and too often deadly yeah I was this is something else to think about this is like a daily reminder to me because I was I was watching sunset if I have the opportunity yeah but like I reread this book for the podcast and so lately now when I'm watching the sunset this is what I'm thinking about about what these guys were thinking it's all nice and pretty here in California wants to sunset it's not always like that do you think that that kind of robbs you of the experience here or do you think it adds to I think it adds to it a hundred percent because I'm not sitting I don't I'm not in this reality I'm not in their their reality I'm in my reality sunset means look looks nice the wind calms down you get to see a beautiful sky that's what sunset is but I get to contrast that with what these guys experience with the true darkness coming and what that meant to them the fear that they were going to face every single night and it's amazing that every single day they wake up and enjoy that day they enjoy that icicles dripping water and they would relish that even with the imminent darkness coming they relished what they could and I think that's a good lesson for anybody to learn yeah yeah that's what I'm saying if you can manage to do that you know not only do the keep things in perspective but it'll enhance your experience you know exactly you got to know the darkness back to the book if you've never been to war and this is going back to us oscillating a little bit in the other direction about the good times if you've never been to war you cannot realize that some of it not all of it of course but some of it is such sheer boyish fun you lived outdoors you are physically active you shared the boisterous camaraderie of other young men you shed fat and put on sinew and muscle except for those nagging minor hurts you were clear eyed in generally healthy and your body responded instantly and instinctively whenever called upon you slept like the dead not even the domain you of the ration box killed appetite you saw the dawn and the night and the stars and came to calculate time and date by the phases of the moon and on those rare days of fall you heard the gurgle of running water under the snow heading toward the valley in the sea you smelled the pines and listened to the wind and you could sense when the snow was coming and new to the instant when the sun would rise when the sun would set a city boy I was falling in love with the country those first months in the hills if only I could get home to tell about it I hoped I would live until spring so that's the other side of it and that's I completely agree with it you're you're you're you're so focused and you're with your guys and there's nothing else to worry about and you're all working towards common going it's awesome that's just the dichotomy of war moving on back to the book you learned from men like chaffy a yaly with a wall law degree from Harvard who came from money a handsome man physically courageous and tireless from all that could have come arrogance snobbery but possessed he possessed neither of those traits he was only calm and vigorous and efficient usually cheerful decent and humane a good man a fine officer and you learned from men like corporate geese who might heard one day expounding on what was wrong with war movies you notice in the movies geese said marines never shit john wane or none of them they never have to take a crap never how can you believe the rest of a movie where no one ever takes a shit I have to agree with that and actually if you read this book he goes into some details about that that are that are really good just some of the minute details things like shitting yeah that that are really there hilarious to read it's it's great stuff and it's and again it's the kind of details that those are the they part of the life yeah you know it's like in an iraq you you basically are always shooting in these little portabodies portabodas portabodas right and so there's a whole like they're in the summertime they're like solanus we call them solanus blue stonus because it will blue and there's flies in the middle it becomes its own little thing right and then it's gonna talk about that I mean I guess I just did but that's that's a big like when I go when I'm at an at a event somewhere and I got a you want to talk about flashbacks you put me into a portabodas somewhere and it's hot I'm thinking I'm an Iraqi means to me and there's flies and it's just horrible that's the way it is that's one of the little things and he definitely goes into some great details in this book about all all kinds of stuff yeah that we don't really think about well another thing that was interesting is he talks about he talked about the ways his canteen's being frozen but back to the book in this cold dry air your throat was always parched your canteen might be frozen and you longed for drink I vowed once the war was over never again to pass a faucet without pausing to slake my thirst with a glass of cold water you don't think about these guys being thirsty but they were absolutely now we get into some back back towards some of that psychological issues that guys are coming up against we're beginning to learn a new word for someone who had a bad scare who is losing his nerve we said he was shook English majors such as me wonder why it wasn't shaky or shaken or something grammatical but it was always shook and you knew what it meant it had little to do with the old world war shell shocked that was another very precisely defined thing that came from being too close to an incoming shell shook was nerves in general and once you had a man who was really shook you tried to get rid of him because he was no good to you anymore it was the 76 is coming in flat and fast or mortars dropping on you or fear of mines or maybe too many duck blinds and night ambushes or a win that never stopped blowing those were what made you shook and so he's actually he's saying that it's different from being shell shocked because he's saying that shell shocked was a precisely defined thing that came from being too close to incoming shell and they've actually they've actually that's not true yeah shell shocked was an only from in fact it was not just from the concussion the concussion absolutely causes problems in your mind but shell shocked world war one any war that you go into it's it's PTSD right it's it's it's it's fear it's the thinking things to get bigger tonight it's all those things building up yeah fear of losing your legs it's all those things so when he's talking he says it's not the same thing as shell shocked but then he says it was the 76 is which are flat trajectory rounds coming at big giant rounds coming at you mortars dropping on you fear of mines so it's being afraid that's what he's talking about is what makes you shook and it's the same thing in the world war one world war two you go to any war and you want to know what causes psychological damage it's prolonged fear of maiming death and seeing your friends get maimed and killed that's what I believe it is. I heard that shell shocked is like when they say shit the expression shell referred to your head like your shell got rattled maybe they use that in football or something but you know for me shell shocked the reason they said it was from showing you know that's what they said and again go to I've said this on the podcast before going YouTube and watch the guys that came out of World War one that was shell shocked it's it's horrible it's a horrible horrible thing to see and it like makes just makes you feel so thankful that you didn't have to go through what these guys went through and but it's the same you know it was to an extreme and the worst part about World War one of thought about this too is like when those guys reach their breaking point they got called they got sent back to England like oh this guy's a coward and of course the people that are calling him cowards were people that were never on the line I mean a lot of them and so yeah it's really it's really horrible I think we do a much better job of taking care of guys that you know you went and did this for your country and you went through a little bit too much okay cool let's give you break let's give you a breather right and take care of take care of our veterans something we absolutely we do better then but we always need to focus on taking care of veterans here's an example of you know what what these what condition these guys get into back to the book the most bizarre was an enlisted man and dog company who had been out a long time and who had been in a lot of fighting a fine marine a good solid man but now with the rotation draft beckoning he began to act funny refusing to wash or shave and he would not get out of his sleeping bag that was the strangest part he didn't refuse to muster or go on duty but he went everywhere and his sleeping bag he cut out the bottom of it so he could walk taking mincing little steps his arms and bodies completely inside the bag and the hood of the bag over his head only is bristly face showing he lined up for meals that way I don't know how he handled going to the head max said it was a psychological return to the womb I didn't know what to make of it he only had a few days left and no one wanted to run him up for bring charges because he was a better very good man but people moved away when they saw him coming because they knew he was spooked because they had he had begun to smell much worse than the rest of us maybe he was shooting in the bag some people insisted he did he didn't seem to mind being snubbed as he hoped as he hopped around the battalion with those little steps content to be in his bag he was shook gauntlet some said and I think that's the reason I highlighted that one is because they're taking care of they're like hey we're not going to bring up and charge good a few days hey let him walk around the state bag it's all good now hopefully they got him some help when he got out or when he got off the front and said hey you need to go talk to somebody and you know relax a little bit give this guy a little breather now moving forward again jumping forward in the book a little bit they're they're planning an operation and they call this operation mole mole was a splendid plan the sort of exercise they would probably be discussing at staff colleges for years bragging up its genesis lying about its actual accomplishments so here we they're talking about what the plan was they call it mole the idea is that the day after tomorrow towards sunset it will be made to seem that the entire division and divisions all along the line are pulling back to new and better positions for after the snow melts and when the fighting resumes we'll seem to have pulled back several miles maybe more we'll sit there on the reverse slope and then until dark and then we'll crawl right back into our bunkers then for four or five days we sit in our bunkers not going out of all by day and little is possible at night no patrols no firing no nothing and wait for the gooks to take the bait and come marching up the hill so that's the plan this is big deception plan and that they all think it's pretty they don't think it's the most effective plan they could come up with back to the book it was all bullshit a silly flamboyant scenario and not a real operation that was how we felt and chaffy must have known but he didn't carry favor with subordinates by criticizing the brass mori that again he didn't carry favor with the subordinates by criticizing the brath he had argued with the battalion and lost here he passed on orders and said he expected dog company would carry them out impeccably so again you see chaffy never he never breaks even something you know he doesn't agree with it he made his arguments and then he says okay guys here's what we're going to do and molins up being fairly unaventful and they they end up coming back down off the line a week later we were relieved and regimen came down off the line dog company again going down by helicopter we had been 46 days on the line living in holes I had not taken off my underwear in 46 days my hands were so dirty if I rub them on the bare ground they became cleaner since the skin couldn't absorb any more dirt but only chuck it off under friction my sore throat was gone and I felt wonderful I was not the same man who had gone up the hill January 10th no better or any worse just different in a month and a half of fighting we had not moved an inch forwarder back a few minute died on both sides the men changed but the war did not again very similar to World War I trench warfare not as bad in terms of devastating numbers of casualties but the progress is just not there they come down off the line now they get some good food they get some showers they get lined up for showers I was at the end of a line you sent the enlisted men first if it was something pleasant shower a shower you went first if it wasn't the rules were so simple once you learned them classic classic leadership you know if you're so some good to be done give it to the boys if not you got to you got to do it now this is this is a very another just great viewpoint so they when they're in reserve so they're on the line on the hills in the trenches or they get pulled back off the line in their back in the rear and there's no real threats and they're doing these exercises and problems and clean new weapons and maintenance and healing up and all that and during that time they actually have opportunities to fly to Japan in this case and they they call it like logistics run to go to Japan but what they're really going to do and they get to Japan is get with some women and for the Paltoon you can get with some women for themselves and then for the Paltoon they're going to bring back some booze it's like a booze run and in order to be the guy that gets to go for the geisha girls you draw straws and whoever get draws a straw okay great you get to go to Japan for whatever it is three days have a great time blah blah blah blah well he draws the straw and he decides that he doesn't want to go he wants to stay with the battalion he doesn't he thinks he'd be wasted on him to go in years why and so I stayed with the battalion the thought of that girl of any girl was immense within me but that was another world those things didn't belong here after five months this battalion these hills these men were what mattered there was a purity of life on the line a crude priesthood of combat that I didn't want a soil for a few days of pleasure you didn't get laid up here you tried not to even model your mind thinking about it I had no religious scouples about it not this time it was as if Japan a trip to Japan would have spoiled something betrayed the battalion and my men and myself I couldn't imagine John Chaffey on a booze run and for me Chaffey was the model so there's he talks about that purity it's a real thing I'm telling you it's a real thing it's a real thing the purity of combat in a war it's a real thing it's a evil thing but there's something about it now things start to springtime comes and things start to fall out but you can it's not all good back to the book the fall brought up green buds and turn the roads to mud here in the valleys on the hills there were snow slides and at the briefing Gregory told us that along the line bunkers were collapsing under the weight of layers of sandbags in one regiment two men were suffocated in one bunker another Marines back was broken when his bunkers slip sideways and slid down the hill Fox company lost a man when he stepped on a mind during a night exercise both legs were blown off at the knee and by the time they got him back to camp and a surgeon he was dead a machine gunner shot his bunk mate with a 45 then one night there was an alert and the battalion moved out fast and trucks to a support position the alert was nothing the gooks never came but a Marine fell out of the one truck and was run over by the truck behind so the war went on no fighting to speak of and yet Marines continued to die the mountains killed them and the cold and now even the fog inspired to kill them and they killed themselves and each other and sometimes the gooks had their turn at it so springtime doesn't even really don't even really mean it's gonna get any better and it's gonna be fighting season as well so I haven't talked too much about the enemy and I thought that this was a really good little excerpt of the enemy and give you good insight on them so one of the guys comes back from an operation and tells him gym we killed one guy on patrol the other night brought in the body because we wanted proof you know they carry this little kind of service book in their pockets this chink he enlisted or got drafted or something back in 1936 he fought the japs for nine years then in 47 he fought the reds for China then when Chang put out bugged out to Taiwan they just turned him around put a red star on his cap and in 1950 he's in creating us now he's dead 16 years of professional soldiering and all that combat and that son of a bitch is still just a private soldier I got kids in my patoon got out of high school last June so you get these guys again that's that's just crazy life right you fight the japanese for nine years then you fight when the communists were fighting against uh Chang high Kai's Shek you're fighting with him against the communists and then once that doesn't work out you just turn around and you start fighting with the communists against the americans hard hard enemy and the Korean soldiers were hard as well the Korean soldiers that were fighting alongside the americans and they still have a reputation of being very hard I never actually worked with uh Korean marines but they have a reputation of being very very hard and tough soldiers here's an example that in the book maybe a little too hard some Korean marines were on 749 too that's the hill I talked about earlier pure said when we made the top and there were no more gooks to flush out we dug in hoping they wouldn't come back we were thin we didn't have much left across the saddle the Korean marines were on top too the hill was secured but there was a bunch of Korean marines over there shouting and arguing about something then they kind of stood back in one of them melt down and this guy came up very close behind him and took out a hang on and shot him through the head one minute he was kneeling there and then he was dead I was tired as hell but I stood up and started yelling across the saddle with them I'm yelling at them to stop and waving my arms and one of them waves back being friendly later I found out they executed the guy because he was slow getting up the hill but when I saw him he was on top and none of them had been there very long so how slow could he have been but they shot him anyways hard now as far as a little more detail on the marines here each marine rifle battalion has one or two aviators who are active flyers but who for brief periods of time are grounded and attached to the battalions to call in and coordinate air strikes or direct reconnaissance over enemy lines so this is something that's just one of the things that makes the marine course so awesome if you can imagine this so you know how hard it is to train a pilot right they've trained a pilot to be a fighter pilot it's like you know they're just a tiny tiny percentage of human beings in the world that are jet pilots fighter pilots and if you're in the Marine Corps and you're a pilot at a certain point in your career they pull you out of your fighter jet and they put you on the ground in combat to go and call fighter jets for support and this is a you end up being a group in a group called Anglico which is an air naval gun fire liaison company and they're so their marines and they do call for fire they call in aircraft and we worked with we worked with them extensively in Ramadi and as a matter of fact we had Anglico with the Anglico went with seals on I would say 90% of the operation that I don't know what I don't know what the numbers but a massive number of operations is a matter of fact one of the guys is we're probably going to bring one of the Anglico guys that was the exact thing that I'm talking about was it was a fighter pilot and we showed him Ramadi and he's an Anglico guy on the ground went on all kinds of operations went on ton of operations with life and I'm going to we're going to bring him on the podcast because we just he's just an awesome guy and here his here his story but that again that's one of the things that makes the Marine Corps so awesome is they're like oh you're you're a pilot in your super high speed in your well trained that's cool that's that's fine you're a rifleman get on the ground and start calling for fire it's awesome and one of the one of the Anglico guys that they had here back to the book Ramon had been shot down the month before his plane had gone in over friendly ground but he had been concussed so now he was with the battalion and at least for the moment once again a foot soldier of course in a sense all marine flyers are still in for treatment this is what the book says and the core tries to make it so with every flyer reverting for two weeks a year to commanding troops or running problems as an infantry officer all of them were trained that way in the beginning at Quantico but some flyers or naval aviators as they are called sometimes are softened by the good life as pilots still in a pinch most of them can do a competent job on the ground and that's yeah again that's just one of the things I love about the Marine Corps is they do that and we're gonna get where to get my buddy Dave on here to talk about what that's like and what it was like for him think about it you're in a jet you know you're in a jet fighter plane your missions are gonna be a couple hours long right that's not long they're gonna be and then you're gonna be back on an aircraft carrier with or you know on an air base with the good chow and all that stuff and boom you know what all that's going away we're gonna put you in the field and you're gonna get after it so it's very cool all right now we get into just a war so there's a Korean that comes in to talk to the approaches them and and needs to talk to them about something and he's the headman of a village and they have an interpreter with them and we'll go to the book he says two Marines came to their village this morning they shouted for women the people close themselves in their houses and a few ran into the fields the Marines tried to force some doors open but couldn't get in then they went to the house of these two women to the guy has two women with them who are mother and daughter when the women would not open the door the Marines fired their guns in the sky the women were afraid so they opened the Marines went inside and closed the door when they came out they went through the village shouting at the houses and telling people not to tell anyone they had been there or they would kill them this man knows some English words he understood what they said then the Marines left and the people came out it was agreed they should come to tell what happened and to ask for justice that is what he says so obviously these two Marines got that gone into this village break to these women and it's Brady that gets assigned with Mac I believe to investigate all right the Colonel Gregory's at Regiment all assigned you to investigate as investigating officers report to me when you have something he turned back to go back inside the tent one more thing I don't mirror mine Marines being a little wild and I don't much like a gooks but we're not going to have rape this battalion is going to have discipline their Marines we won't have rape he went inside so they do an investigation and it doesn't take Brady long to figure out who these guys were and then they do a line up basically they bring a bunch of Marines and they do a line up and they have the women there and the women identify the rapists and back to the book Scott dismissed the rest of them I turned to the machine gunners you matter under arrest Jardine Saso take them down to the exec if he tells you take them to division to the brig mr. Alman Allen and I will write the report it disgusted me Marines shooting up a village terrorizing people raping those two old women with their faces like baked potatoes how could they do it how did they think they could get away with it this way we were as bad as the Nazis and the japs attacking civilians attacking women it undid everything we were trying to do saving their country for these people giving it back to them in that village they wouldn't remember that Americans died for their two bit village they would only remember their day of horror when two Americans two Marines for God's sake rape their women at gunpoint the blonde marine was the son of a minister the other was up for promotion to curb corporal the records had been excellent and now they faced a general court this damn reserve this being around civilians it was no good we'd been too long away from the war losing what we add on the line the pride the discipline the professionalism not wanting to say anything to Gibson who wouldn't understand or even to Mac who would I longed for the clean hard purity of the line dedication and celibacy harsh and cleansing puritanic that was the line that's where we belonged yeah and this is again combat leaders out there or you know this is the kind of stuff these were two Marines that didn't that had good records and you get them off the line you put them back in the reserves now they're interacting with civilians and you know they're ruining their ruining these women's lives they're ruining the strategic war effort and the ruining their own lives so as a leader you gotta you gotta keep your eye on this back to the book another section two nights later catheter one of the new dog company puttoon leaders took a combat patrol out the route we had scouted crept up quietly on an important bump in the ground called hill 69 and caught some chinks asleep catheter and his men drop grenades into the bunkers and shot them down as they came scrambling out they killed thirteen chinks and came back without a casualty unless you counter marine who tours neon the wire I went over with catheter in the morning the maps and paper and other stuff he'd brought back catheter was very relaxed and calm about it so much so that when we broke I've rarely very nearly snapped off a salute the man was so young so new yet so competent and unexcited about what he'd done in seven months I hadn't seen a good as action as this one a perfect exercise and catheter just seemed slightly bored even the kernel had catheter into shake his hand and tell him what a fine example he'd set for the rest of us so here was a new guy been on the line for a couple days goes out and conducts an awesome operation kill thirteen no no casualties back to the book the next day catheter came down with a bad case of the nerves a delayed reaction and announced a charlie Logan heating wanted to take out any more patrols if a transfer could be arranged he would welcome it Logan knew you couldn't have an officer who was shook leading a rifle to tune and the transfer came through to motor transport and catheter the brief and unexpected hero went off new guy kicking ass still gets to him so you don't you got to have the open mind on who's gonna be affected by this stuff and win because you don't know win now we get to a Brady's back on the line and he's running basically a distraction operation so there's a main effort there's hitting a one hill and he's just hitting this village where they seen a lot of Chinese army activity and they're just doing sort of a distraction operation on this village to take away from this main attack that's going on elsewhere as they're going in all of a sudden there's some sniper fire and one of the lieutenant's gets hit back to the book Mr. Settles hit someone said I ran along the trench bent double until where I got this they'd laid settle out in the trench sniper sergeant told me I didn't know his name or recognize his face must be a new man but he was a cool one I would try to keep that in mind where is he anyone see a muzzle flash that's what counts first in a firefight not the casualties but where the fire is coming from think about that one that's what counts in a firefight now what they can't use these are but where the fire is coming from think about that never aspect of your life not just like hey oh this is bad that's happening okay what is creating the problem you know I see that with businesses where they get focused on the the internal that's fine but no what where is this problem coming from what is causing this problem so when you have bad things happening focus on where it's coming from what's the route of the problem now they kind of get get pinned down a little bit and they're not making any progress and finally Brady says look I said this is just a diversion we're here to hit that village with four juices that's all but this sniper didn't anyone see him even get a sniff no one had look this is stupid one lousy sniper isn't going to fall up this whole operation it's five after six now we're late we've got to hit them as soon and take their minds off fox company out there get your riflemen your bar set up sweep the valley fired anything you see moving there's no high ground within sniper range so he's got to be down there in that bush and tall grass you observer tell them they can start with their ranging shots HE around the village then we'll give him complete in a couple minutes fire for effect got it everyone said yes sir so i've gotten asked this and i think we we actually answered it on the podcast but this is a situation where things are starting to go shaky and this he's not he's not throwing out the plan like hey what do you guys think we should do now and hey here's the reason why no he's saying this is what we're going to do we're going to make it happen and everyone looks at him and you know what they say yes sir and they're not just saying it because they're well trained Marines they're saying it because in a moment when they they're unsure of where they're supposed to do they're unsure of what's going to happen and somebody steps up and takes a leadership command of the situation you know what people say they say yes sir you see it like they teach you have a scene of an accident you know they say someone you look at someone say go call 911 you that's what you do and people go okay they do it why because there's a pressure situation going on and they want to get that thing handle but they don't know what to do so when you when there's something going on and things are starting to go a little bit chaotic you need to step up and say take charge and make these things happen and that's why I pointed out that example emergency situation you know it's not it's not the debate time time lead back to the book the corpsman was still working on settled but another Marine came up corpsman says he's okay got knocked out as all I said good now at this point he's still trying to find out where the sniper is and so he decides he's gonna stand up and make himself a cardet and and said hey guys when I stand up look and see if he's seen him also flash he gets up no one sees him and finally they do start calling in the fire onto this village and we'll go to the book now the first rants round slammed in beautiful to watch the red burst and then the firework streamers of burning phosphorus splashing out from the burst you knew it must have been different at the other end a preview of hell one hut was hit directly it was on fire another hut started to burn phosphorus and splashed out and now someone came out running I thought it looked like a man but at this distance you couldn't tell he was in a long white garment the platoon sergeant shouted in my ear do we fire no hold it hold your fire them chinks sometimes they dress up like that maybe white stuff over their uniforms I know just hold it more huts were burning and another figure and white spurned out in fell then the robe began to burn from another hut came two more figures in white and not the khaki of chinese uniforms they ran fast and bent low zigzagging across the central clearing of the village them's chinks lieutenant women don't run like that yeah I said there were half a dozen people running now through the village all in white one of them on fire all sprinting away from us toward the chinese lines one was carrying something it could be rifle it could be a furl the umbrella it could be anything lieutenant Jesus let us fire that's a weapon okay sergeant I said fire at will the bars rip off automatic fire heavy and fast two of the villagers fell right away one trying to get up and then falling again you could see the bar fire kicking up dust around him then a white phosphorous shell burst right in front of him we couldn't see him anymore through this fire and smoke the whole village every hut was a flame now the bars fired and a white clad figure fell I could see three or more or four of them running away and one of them was on fire behind me in a trench in the trench someone yelled Christ we're killing women I whipped around who said they're women how do you know a marine stared at me his face was twisted and I didn't know them's women you can see the dresses you can't shoot women they're men I shouted at this distance you can't tell me they're women not the way they run the bars kept firing nearly shutting out the fire light fire flight up at two marie no and you can't tell me they're men the marine said not shouting now but still staring he looked as if he were going to jump me I looked at him trying to look absolutely confident then I turned back to the platoon sergeant keep firing their soldiers Chinese soldiers I was not sure of this not sure of anything but I knew the probabilities and I also knew I was scared from playing target so when he got up and walked in front of them he was he was shaking up from doing that I made the decision to fire and I couldn't back off now because the marine just as scary as I was was yelling at me he was guessing that's all I continued to kneel there not really seeing anything anymore not really focusing they ran like men dammit women didn't run like that behind me the marine was still there I could sense him without turning I said go back to your post if you're all that worry don't fire you don't have to fire there was a sort of sob behind me in a scurrying movement I felt funny kneeling there with my back to him the marine was shook armed he could shoot me right here I forced myself to stay where I was then there was another sound as the marine crawled away killer he risked whispered or horsely as if through tears then he was gone and that that situation is actually not it doesn't it doesn't get there's no closure in that situation he doesn't find out doesn't get resolved in the book he does they leave they hit the village they did cause their distraction and then they leave and he never really goes one way or the other and saying or never finds out he suspected they were that they were men but he never finds out and that's you know obviously one young marine thought they were women he thought they were men no one really knows for sure in war is hell now the next thing that happens is Brady actually um uh Brady and Mac they create like a a they're own little special unit and they to go out the traveling light not traveling so much gear and they're going to go out and smaller units they're going to be do little special operations things and they're planning to go with them of course well finally it comes time to go out in operation and the kernel says oh yes Alan one more thing new neither you or Brady goes I'm not sending officer on six man patrols pick your best sergeant to run them so now Mac he puts an op an argument says no man let me go no sir let me go nope not gonna do it so eventually the guys go out on this little operation you know little special operations mission to infiltrate enemy lines back to the book 30 minutes after they went out no longer there was an explosion in front of lines Mac jumped up up bang his head against the overhead logs oh damn it a mine a lousy mine they hit a mine we knew it was a mine they weren't out far enough to have hit chinks not yet of all the stinking luck it was midnight before we got them all in Mac and I went out with some rifleman and brought them back there were three hit the sergeant lost a leg Mac walked all the way back with the stretchers talking them all the way trying to comfort them saying he was sorry it was them not him the Marines even the sergeant doped up and lashed to a stretcher kept telling Mac it was all right no one could have helped it it was just bad luck the Colonel disbanded Mac's outfit the next day he was understanding saying it wasn't Mac's fault or minds or anyone's that it might have happened with any patrol he sent out bigger small he was just rotten luck no one knew where the damn minds were no one could help it and the reason I put that in there is just to think about like they disbanded this unit that unit might have a huge impact right they might have started doing really good things they might start to break through the lines or could have all kinds of good stuff could happen but it just got shut down immediately I'm not saying that was right wrong to me it's actually wrong but but it's it's the risk right and if you're in a leadership position and you take a risk and you get smacked on your first attempt that doesn't necessarily prove you wrong you might want to saddle up again and try something again maybe assess it but these are minds you know there's minds all over the place the guys walked into a mind there's like nothing it's random and that's one of the pressures of being in a leadership position is you're going to take these risks and even when things go wrong you got to press through you know you got to keep doing them and I definitely experience that I mean your body we're we're getting you know we had guys get wounded early they mean they weren't we weren't seals were not taking a lot of casualties in Iraq in 2005 2004 2003 then all of a sudden we're taking casualties and we're doing different types of operations we're going out the daytime we're getting really risky stuff and so for me to be said okay well we took you know we had a guy get wounded bad we're not going to do this anymore that would have been such a wrong answer for me to to have and the chain of command and anybody to have that attitude would have been wrong yeah kind of seems like that if they did have that attitude do it seem kind of natural just because you know you get you get stung for sure they can definitely happen I mean it happens in business people take some risk and you can just have bad luck in in situations it happens it fights sometimes for instance you got a great guy that you know you got a good wrestler that's going to get a good striker and of course the wrestler goes okay I'm gonna go out and take him down well there's a chance that you get caught with a knee on your shot and you get knocked out does that mean you I'm never going to shoot again that's the wrong answer you gotta go with your strikes yeah now this one they're preparing for another mission on to go out on another mission and this mission it's it's it's on a hill called the yoke a little a little terrain feature and they're getting ready to go out they got another night before they leave and here's back to the book I didn't fall asleep immediately I kept yawning but didn't let sleep didn't come that was nerves you never knew when you went out through the lines you never really knew and for the first time I began thinking about road being rotated home it was obvious that I was never going to become a rear echelon pogue that's so long as I was in Korea I would be with a rifle battalion on the line now I had nearly seven months in and it not gone and had not many more to go two months maybe three or four tops now I was going on patrol as I done that first tour when I was scared because I didn't know anything now I knew a lot and I was still scared so as attitude is not he's he's still scared and it's interesting too you know he says he's not going to be a rear echelon pogue right he says as apto and take oh you can go in the back no he's he's even though he's scared he's staying on the line now they're out approaching the the yoke they're heading up the slopes of the yoke this hill back to the book the first explosion was so shocking we thought we'd set off we'd thought we'd set it off ourselves and wondered why we were so stupid and noisy someone must have trip the mind some point man got it then there became the rip of burp guns from above and I realized it wasn't a mind but a grenade there were chinks up there I looked around rabble was nearest to me it was his first firefight rabble you okay great lieutenant I didn't think we'd be this lucky the first time out well that was a healthy positive attitude so this guy's out of his first first operation rabble they get they're starting to get crushed with grenades now that there's up ahead of them they keep hearing machine gun firing grenades back to the book a Marine crawled over to us he was bloody two but I couldn't see where he was hit he talked fast excited but he didn't seem badly hurt could be able to make probably less we got up to the wire and then we when he started getting through it they hit us with the grenades they got grenades up the ass they was throwing them down and we was throwing them back that's how Mr. Roe got it he caught a grenade it went off he's an eye he's shy and eye and it looks like some fingers how many dead have we got just the point man so far unless some of these hit guys croaked but we got lots of wounded just about everyone picked up something in the wire so they're getting basically attacked with grenades up there and this is and we talked about grenade battles when we talked about some of the world war one stuff but this guys are catching grenades and throwing them back but that's just just getting after it fall on I don't know what else to say so now what they use they call in fire they call in their own fire the 105's 105 artillery stay low the 105's are coming in they shuddle in very loud to smash into the hill sides above us I could feel the yolk jerk under me I thought maybe I should pray and I started to hail marries but I never finished one short as they were I would start and then another three shells would come and over me and bang into the hill and shake me like a rat my body was trying to absorb the shock and I forgot where I was in the prayer and had to start again I stopped watching the shells come it was too much watching them and worrying and I just laid there as flat as I could my dirt in the face my my face in the dirt shoulders hunched and my next screw down tight between them trying to squeeze me more more of me into the helmet shells came in like that for maybe three or four minutes you couldn't really judge time it had no meaning in a situation like that dirt fell likely lightly on us feeling wonderful being only dirt and pebbles and not hot metal then the gun secured I think that short one there's one of the round's fell short I think that short one shook the gunners up to if they're four observers saw it my body was now on the radio give us machine guns on that crest again now the two guns were resumed their chatter with McCarthy shouting keep your heads down and poured on and then the McCarthy yelled orders to the Marines within hearing on three we go one two we were all up and running all of us rabble next to me running uphill but not feeling the grade or being winded or leg weary just sprinting up there were a reans there were Marines all around me some of us some of the wounded must be coming with us going up a second time I didn't recognize anyone but rabble but didn't it didn't matter we were attacking yoke the yoke together in daylight assaulting a hill and we were going to get there I fired without aiming just fired vaguely towards the crests of the hill it felt good to be running and firing I fired again around me there was shouting I picked up the shout no prisoners I yelled no prisoners kill them all that's what I was shouting what the others were shouting everyone took it up now everyone near me anyways it was stupid shouting stuff like that my job was to get prisoners dead chinks couldn't help anyone but it just seemed like the thing to shout at the moment and since it felt good I kept shouting it and so did the others no prisoners now when they get a little bit closer up on the hill now I could see grenades in the air one grenade seemed to be trailing something tied up with rags I couldn't understand that our grenade went off right in front of me stinging both my hands in face dirt it was just dirt fragments of grenades would have been hot I didn't feel anything beyond the stinging so I couldn't have been hit I fired again more grenades were in the air more going off to both sides and above me a burp gun ripped off a quick quick burst I looked around another grenade exploded in front of me then one behind I still didn't feel anything pull back of voice came from below it sounded like my cardee pull back get out of here so they can't quite get it together to take the hill those guys are dug in and they're throwing so many grenades that the guys have to retreat I moved along the flister now they get back they get to a little position where they can take a quick uh muster I moved along the file of men and then we stopped at the little no with a machine gunners and set up my cardee was jotting something does notebook later he figured out 64 of us had been on patrol with 48 actually going up the yoke and 32 of us have been hit heavy back to the book I don't know how anyone who hasn't been shot at up close in a real firefight can possibly understand how good you feel after word men have been hurt and killed the fight has been won or lost but there is only one truly significant fact that you are still alive that you had not been killed later I was sure I would mourn the dead in the damaged but not now if you were not truly happy at a moment like this when you just come down off the line walking perhaps you never would be happy and then he goes on and this is this is this is the crux of this story by now they seem to figured out about the grenades that come out us looking like they were wrapped in rags someone brought in one that didn't explode it was in an old sock the chinks tried to increase the explosive effect of the grenades by putting them in old socks full of black powder but the chinks outsmarted themselves doing it the extra charge just blew the grenades to pieces not in a nicely sized fragments that could kill you that's why so many of us were hit but not badly the fragments were too small well you fought and you learned we heard from division that row would make it he was on the guys that was wounded they put him up for a navy cross and he was going home the other badly hit man didn't die either only the point man the first marine hit was dead all that firing all that fighting all those people hit and one marine was dead and I couldn't swear to it any of the chinks were dead they got real lucky that's an area back to the book no one i knew who'd been there long enough missed the winter but this fighting in the heat possessed its own dimension of horror you could see the wounds see what killed people the explicit manner of death and injury a leg severed at the knee a mangled arm how startingly white a man's ribs looked sticking out from under a flack jacket the pink at the center splintered ends with little bits of meat attached all winter you were so muffled in clothes layers and layers swaddled against the cold that a man could be all shot to pieces literally sieved but unless you were a corpsman you didn't have to look at the broken bones and the torn flesh and see the blood pulsing from arteries and veins the bodies were just as hurt just as broken but it happened under a couple pairs of pants and an oversized parka men died more neatly in the winter more modestly covered instead of naked and have seen the rip the part those heavy clothes gave death a certain muffled discretion a man could die in decency after the yoke i thought harder and longer about the accident of battle the heads are tail of combat this wasn't the ignorant fear those first weeks of war i knew too much now to be frightened by everything and too much ever to turn smug yet combat was still a great mystery mingled in fear and exaltation a sense of accomplishment offset by neurotic guilt sheer joy at coming through a firefight and nauseating terror wanting to flee the battle you were drawn to its furious center no one who had not thought could possibly imagine the contradictions or the nuances some fled battle and others embraced it that was the enigma i was one of those torn in both directions that caught me of war coming at you from james brady now it starts looking like he's going to get rotated out back to the book there were rumors i wasn't going to be there much longer that if there were a big summer offensive as colonel Gregory kept hinting i wasn't going to be in it i had mixed feelings about that most Marines did i guess you didn't want to be a rear echelon pogue you wanted to be with a line outfit but once you'd seen combat and lost people and had the usual clothes calls for most of us that was sufficient back out and heard the rumors too they say you can extend if you want put in for another three months if you do it today they'd give me a rifle company why mac just why this was dumb and being stubborn and i was angry at mac for saying it mac screwed up his face as he did when he was thinking hard and being serious about something Jim having a good company a good company like dog was when chaffy had it that's the culmination of everything we've done out here being a platoon leader is a wonderful but i've done that being an exec or on the staff this way is nothing i've wanted a company since i was a scared replacement pfc on okanawa and all the time at vmi i kept thinking about it sure i'll extend if i can get a company i'd never forgive myself if i let it slip what's three months nothing not when you put it up against commanding a company of the best soldiers in the world the words may have been corny but not the way mac said them and sure enough mac does go ahead and volunteer to stay on board and do another tour as a company commander and brady gets orders and he had to um and here is brady on the ship getting ready ahead home i lay in the birth and join the novelty of electric light and the sheets and the pillow and the tiny and the shiny white paint of the ceiling just a few feet above me even the rows of rivets were strange and wonderful simple joys i was very tired and now i could sleep with no one waking me to go outside and be shot at i guess most people were anxious to get home but i hope for a long crossing a leisure transition from one life to another my life would my name would never be recalled as one of those who changed the direction of the war but no one could take away my memory i lay near sleep thinking about the war and how i would not have missed it not for anything war gave you a perspective about things even painted ceilings and orderly rows of little bolts i used to read how old soldiers sometimes went back to walk over the ground they even had organized tours meant from world war one going back to flanders to trace where the trenches had been where they had crouched and fired where their friends had died tours from men from the second war revisiting normandy and walking the beaches seeing again mont mont maccasino and places in the pacific i knew i would never go back to Korea never sign up for no soldiers tour i didn't want to see the hills again or feel the cold or hear the wind out of Siberia moaning i didn't want to disturb the dead for all the fire fights for all the swagger i now permitted myself i knew how raw i still was as a soldier and as a man i wondered whether anyone ever became really good at war an unnatural act killing and trying to kill at that was what i had been trying to do since last November when on this very first day here in the first hour i made my peace with god now i had a lifetime to ponder the mystery of who lived and who died but even as i lay near sleep in that crisp clean bunk i knew it was an ability or courage that had gotten me through as much as extraordinary good fortune i was warm and safe and alive and i had been neither incompetent nor a coward to be 23 years old and alive seemed a miracle such i would never know again no matter how long i lived then i was asleep to dream of ordinary things without significance rolled by the vibration and easy motion of the sea and did not realize the ship was moving out with the war drifting slowly a stern and the epilogue of the book which i'm going to close with he gets home and settles back in and then he gets notified by the marine corps that they have his footlocker had been shipped back from Korea back to the book while it was still summer the marine corps notified me my footlocker had been shipped and i could pick it up a grand central station my brother who is 18 and on his way to seminary drove over to help me with it it was stored in the depose seller down there where they held freight and kept lost luggage and such i handed a paper to the employee of the rail road and he led us deeper into the seller there along with the lost baggage and my footlocker were the coffins of the dead from Korea stacked and tidy each with its american flag neatly lashed on like mac and samonus and captain chaffee and me they too were home so here we are living our lives safe and warm and alive and we need to be thankful for these sacrifices that these veterans made and as i always say we need to make sure we remember these sacrifices and that we need to live a life that honors their sacrifices then beyond that let's make sure we learn from what they went through we learn from their experiences from men like brady and men like chaffee and Princeton and Mac Allen let us be their students let us learn from their to the rich and let us be better better because of their knowledge and because of their sacrifices let us be better and let's make sure that we never ever forget these men and this brutal savage freezing war and that goes looks like going along on that one yeah so i don't think we're going to have time for any Q&A but perhaps you could take a moment while i decompress over here and you could talk about possible ways that if somebody would like to support this podcast now they might be able to do that yeah sure yeah a little bit of a rough transition i respect that but that being said i'm going to talk about on it like we always do i kind of feel like we haven't talked as much about on it as maybe we should or maybe we have been i don't know that being said i got another thing warrior bars the jalapeno one you're proving them i'm about to they didn't come in yet but it ordered them and we're excited about that nonetheless if you like on it supplements which if you like supplements then you will like on it supplements because they're legitimate we already knew that i know you can get 10% off at on it dot com slash jockel warrior bars i recommend krill oil i recommend shroom deck i recommend someone asked me online about strong bone yeah i use strong not yep it's it's glucose to me yeah yeah for your joints and stuff okay for sure so now i'm recommending rind recommending strong bone i'm going to order some and i'll give them more accurate report they have there's a new thing like um it's like a like a i want to say a full recovery pre workout and recovery can a drink i don't know but yeah i saw it like randomly too i wasn't like trying to live at somebody asked me somebody asked me on twitter the other day and i'm in a chance respond to yeah somebody asked me on twitter like it was like i don't know who how old the dude was but he said something along ones of like cross your heart and hope to die do you actually use honest stuff and uh yes i do i absolutely do and i take krill oil every day if you're wondering about the doses i take three of the pills so that's a 15 i take a lot of krill oil right because i'm a big believer in it and uh so yes i take that every day i take strong bone every day i take shroom deck i don't take every day i take shroom deck when the anticipation for situations is arising but the booth usually it's for a a jiu jitsu scenario just be quite just straight up yeah and uh and then alphabrain i take fairly regular i don't take it daily again i know i think you're supposed to take daily it's matter fact you are supposed to take daily but i don't yeah i take it like i take it not every day i take it several days a week i should say maybe because your satisfaction in regard to your cognitive performance is pretty high your satisfaction of it maybe because alphabrain too it's not like one of these ones that they're like hey let me uh let me get these herbs and i heard good things about these herbs so let's throw it in there and hopefully your brain will work better it's not like that like they they put it through um and you can read about it on the website i'm gonna butcher that to action you're not gonna say rigorous scientific testing or anything like that it is yeah i'll say it but you know they they have the actual but it's like the legitimate kind test you know like double blind people like that kind of a lot of times they don't do the placebo test and the placebo effect is a big component of why a lot of stuff works that's a fact so if if you're trying to test something you gotta do that placebo test you know so you give some people i just has sugar and see if they react to it but you make and believe that they take the real thing you're like okay you guys are gonna take the real thing and then someone had the you know the placebo or all of them or whatever i don't know exactly how they do the test but it it basically filters out the fakers i mean it's wrong to call the placebo effect fakers but it's basically you believe it so your body kind of you know the yeah combination of the placebo's real yeah right placebo's totally really really yes but alphabran is like past that test okay so they basically test well i think it passes to be straight up proven yeah but even if you're to be like then maybe it's just a plastic for me yeah yeah right or like it worked for me but it won't work for me they take like the do some puzzles at speed and do it without it yeah i didn't test it like that yeah or i tested when i do the podcast so yeah i take it like the night before i'm gonna do the podcast i take it and then the morning i'll take it and then i'll take one more before it's good evening i go time yeah yeah yeah see and that's good you know but that's because i can't i can't play around bro we need to bring it here i need to bring it that's podcast now but that that's that's what's called an anecdotal report on it that's not like you know scientific thing because there's all these other factors what if your mindset gets into a great mindset anyway you know because the point the point i'm making is i feel like not like that they actually do the test and the results are scientifically proven measureably that it increases your cognitive function like memory and like i believe you were good you know we get to get on it literally get on it stay on it do this do this stay on it it does sports podcasts yes of course and you get just put it on which is dope just put your wallet and you get to take the mint the i'll tell you right now the worry was i don't know really what i did without them before yeah now all of a sudden you realize and my three year old likes that that's how delicious that's very good yeah yeah they're tasty i'm gonna get to all the opinions i don't know if you like the opinions because they might be kind of spicy i don't know anyway on it dot com such a 10% off that's it this more stuff on their really good stuff also a cool way to support amazon someone kind of contacting me about this as well the or to support the podcast is the amazon link click through right you click through you do your shopping we get a little kickback referral thing for pushing amazon on your saying it's a little thing it's a big deal yeah good way to support the podcast yeah it is a big deal as far as results go as far as doing it it's it's easy to do that's why it's a good little thing but here's the thing on the old little small step for anyone listening to podcast big big effect for those that are making the podcast yeah like a like a grenade or something we're like you've ever seen in like back in science class when they put the little piece of sodium in the water and then crazy yeah yeah yeah it's kind of like that but there on the old joclist door.com there is a big banner on the top you just go to it click on it it takes you i'm gonna leave the details out but right now it's on the menu support jockel podcast then you can see the bany click on it someone hit me up there were like hey where's the banner you used to be there all this and the thing is he's right but like i'm trying to figure out a way to put that banner up there a new platform it's a long story but nonetheless go to support jockel podcast and this is on the store by the way support jockel podcast so it's hard it's not hard it's just not as easy or just just go to jockel podcast.com so it's on the front on the side there boom there you go on the top left you know there's another anyway the point is a good way a sodium in the water way to support this podcast especially now when Christmas is almost on your order and all kinds of kettlebells yeah that could be that could be like a big piece of sodium with a big explosion if you want to support if you're in the mood you know obviously you don't have to but you know some people choose to get after it and we encourage that and then you can subscribe of course on the iTunes of course that's that's that's a lever review if you're in the mood you know be honest if you think that jockel's voice is kind of intense go ahead say so don't say anything about me or subscribe to the youtube channel I recommend that yeah I'm starting to put more videos of shooting with Kong you know Kong right so yeah big huge gentleman yeah and we're doing you're not gonna be run around through life for the name Kong and be a small person it's so we understand so I'm not gonna tell you what video we're doing but he has these huge you know the strongland competitions you know the big yeah rocks the big boulders he's carrying it and pushing it up a hill so I'm not gonna tell you what the year we're doing but you know we're doing a video that's the thing so this ball he brings a 250 pound ball a 200 and like I want to say like an 80 and he's like hey we can do you know which everyone's so he's like he looks at the hill and it's like it's a legit hill it's not like terrible but it's legit like without the rocks we could do a solid workout on it so he got I think he needs to grab this small one I'm like I don't know if I could even pick up like I wasn't gonna try but nonetheless he grabs the 200 pound rock with 280 pound what did you say no there was a 250 a 200 and an 80 oh okay yeah he grabbed the basically the quote unquote medium one that was 200 pounds of ball it's I don't know what it is anyway he got after it you know I could shoot that's a good so subscribe to the YouTube channel that's the point you know these rock-paring things we're talking about because you know we're gonna put some videos on there some more videos put some excerpts more excerpts bite size juggle McNuggets shareable stuff you made up the name dockle McNuggets way no way I hundred percent possibly it's not a good name though because sometimes McNuggets first of all it's trademark I'm sure by McNinals yeah I'm sure but we're not doing it we're doing a different product I think you're saying it metaphorically sure you know oh I'm so there you go YouTube get on it and YouTube thank it's like a circular logic thing also the jockel store I mentioned there's also a peril on there if you're into it you know some women stuff well I think women are starting to be more and more represented in the store you got a few items there oh the little patches the regulation size oh yeah regulation color they're in flat dark earth it's the color regulation boom so yeah well crew there's some hoodies on there which are pretty cool those go fast man I gotta reordown I guess I guess I good yeah I guess you do my wife was wearing her as I was like the other day just the other night starting to lip cold I know we'll just say it's the temperatures for those of you and Wisconsin echo apologies for saying it was cold here yeah I'm from Koli cold means different things different places anyway here in San Diego you got cold my wife was wearing one I was like she looked good in it in a casual sort of way so I have some women some good shirts if you like literally some good shirts um you'll know what I'm talking about if you look at it you know my jockel store dot com if you like something you get a shirt man get an a sticker and a patch boom you're good to go any sports fight guys and you get something in return that's cool I guess all of them you kind of get something in return so that's cool yeah yeah but yeah that's it boom Christmas coming out it's so I know it Christmas coming up I have the reason I'm laughing is because um there's one thing that you didn't mention about the shirts and I don't know if you did this purpose that you're not purposely but there was one thing that you didn't mention about the shirts that you always mentioned about the shirts maybe you've decided not to mention it now and we'll just leave it oh oh okay I know what you see yeah are we not gonna mention it the layers and you know what god here it is it is true yeah there's some layers on the shirts but sometimes if you don't know about the layers here how's this and someone mentioned this before they emailed me um because I think you may have realized that talking about the layers kind of takes away the the impact of the layers that kind of like you just brought it up now and they're talking about it I think if you go into this situation you're going to the situation not knowing those layers and you see the layers I think it comes as more of a treat totally more rewarding so from henceforth we shall no longer mention or speak of the layers the layers this is it for now on there we out there there will be there but people will people will just have to dig in and find the layers on their own discover or maybe we'll talk about them again whichever there you go thanks to something I like I like the reward being dug for yeah I like that more boom and also hey when you're on Amazon there's a couple of things you can get when you click through the store and you go to Amazon there's a couple of things that you might be interested in getting they are my they might seem hard to get which they kind of are one of the things that you can get is is called well there's a mug that says get after it on it which is a good thing to have because it reminds you to get after it and there's a little also a little approved stamp of approval from from me actually so it's been approved and then you can also get some chocolate which there has been some so somebody finally posted the other day they're like oh because I announced that we'll never run out of white to you again because I ordered a ton of it and of course we ran out well we actually technically we didn't okay we the way Amazon works the stuff shows up there they can only in process so much at time so a ton of it showed up there they started in processing it boom so it showed up everyone yes sold out but then they in process more you know the next day so what's you're going to see now and I apologize for this hopefully I can get this logistical thing smoothed out it's just it's taking me some time where they have so much that'll be in process and we will truly never want out but what you do right now is if it's sold out just keep looking back because it'll come back when they restock at the next day boom they'll have it so we'll get there I apologize the tea is awesome it tastes delicious and when you have it you will refuse flat out to drink anything else in the world nothing is going to come close you're just going to be like where's my where's my chocolate tea strangely when I was drinking it the thing one of the things that I did do significantly and I'm talking about the first time when it first came in the first time the fact that you made it you know the fact that you contributed to the actual making of the formula of the did you like that actually like affected the experience oh you felt you felt like isn't there kind of but that makes sense right you know I guess so I think it makes it well I guess we spend a lot of time doing this podcast and then you got so it's like when I guess it is correct you know why because when I watch one of your videos I feel like I'm like oh that's that's echo echo did that yeah yeah yeah that's echo held that camera there so I feel the same way that you feel when you crack open a tin or a box of jokawaii teen you grew one up for the for the for the team also while your name is on you can get a copy of the book called Extreme Ownership which I wrote with my brother life bab and and you know what I got this to say don't be selfish with your knowledge don't hold it back and this is this is what people get worried about right because you want to buy it for you think a whole bite for my subordinates and a bite for my boss and a bite for my family and you think they need to you need to get scared you get scared because what you think is people are going to like see right through you and they're going to go oh you read this in that book and that's why you're acting this way so you'd rather just not give it to them oh yeah yeah I'm telling you do not worry about that here's why when when people have read it and they see you acting it they don't get mad they actually go yeah they're taking ownership yes and it starts to get that more you get more people on board the program and it makes your everything better so when people see extreme ownership when people see when you see people enacting extreme ownership you don't get jealous that's not actually if you've read the book you're like broho way to take ownership of that man that's awesome I respect that recognize what's happening so don't be afraid like you were a few minutes ago to buy this book for your your subordinates is no big deal but even see the other thing is we think oh well you know I want to be the guy that came up with a plan I'm going to do extreme ownership but I wanted to be mine it is yours it's yours and I didn't invent it we just put it out there so grab a hold of it and it's it's a really good gift because it's not just going to be a gift but they get and then they don't get anything else from it's going to keep giving right give it keep giving all right by the book also we got extreme ownership monster coming in New York City May 4th and 5th we'll be talking about combat leadership late for night the first one was awesome amazing feedback across the board this one's going to be awesome www.extremelorship.com to register it's going to sell out it's going to sell out so if you want to go in a couple months or I'm not going to be able to help you you're not going to be able to say hey jockel can I go I want to be able to help you there's nothing I can do the seats will be taken so register early you also save money when you register early and all that so do that and we appreciate now also if you didn't know this much we are both straight up on the interwebs we're there and if you want to talk to us some more on Twitter on Instagram and also also that Facebookie boha we're going to be there echo is at echo Charles and I and had jockel willing and now to you listening thanks for the support and to the military personnel thanks for going on the attack and defending freedom and defending humanity just as your predecessors did in Korea like we heard about and to the police and firefighters thanks for keeping us safe at home and for the rest of you who are on a million different paths in this world make sure the path that you are on is the right one make sure it's the hard one make sure your path is in one of pastivity and make sure it's not a path of regret make sure it is a path of discipline and is a path of progress make sure the path that you are on is the war path and that you are charging up that path for roachously and getting after it so until next time this is echo and jockel out