 This is Jocco Podcasts number 80. With echo-chirls, then me, Jocco-Willink. Good evening, echo. Good evening. Takizou lay among the corpses. There were thousands of them. The whole world's gone crazy. He thought dimly. A man might as well be a dead leaf, floating in the autumn breeze. He himself looked like one of the lifeless bodies surrounding him. He tried to raise his head, but could only lift at a few inches from the ground. He couldn't remember ever feeling so weak. How long have I been here? He wondered. Fly's came buzzing about his head. He wanted to brush them away, but he couldn't even muster the energy to raise his arm. It was stiff, almost brittle, like the rest of his body. It must have been out here for quite a while. He thought wiggling one finger at a time. Little did he know he was wounded, with two bullets lodged firmly in his thigh. Low dark clouds shifted ominously across the sky. The night before, some time between midnight and dawn, a blinding rain had drenched the plain of Segika-Hara. It was now passed noon on the 15th of the ninth month of 1600. Though the typhoon had passed, now and then fresh torrents of rain would fall in the corpses, and on Tekizos upturned face. Each time it came, he'd open and close his mouth, like a fish trying to drink in the droplets. It's like the water they wipe a dying man's lips with. He reflected, savoring each bit of moisture. His head was numb, his thoughts, the fleeting shadows of delirium. His side had lost. He knew that much. Kobe Yawaka Hadiki. Supposedly an ally had been secretly in league with the eastern army. And when he turned on as Shida meant to sorry's troops at twilight, the tide of the battle turned to. He then attacked the armies of other commanders. Yukita, Shimazu, and Konishi. And the collapse of the western army was complete. He only half a day's fighting, the question of who would henceforth rule the country was settled. It was Tokugawa Yasser, the powerful Edo dimo. Images of his sister and the old villagers floated before his eyes. I'm dying. He fought without a tinge of sadness. Is this what it's really like? He felt drawn to the peace of death, like a child mesmerized by a flame. And that right there is the opening of the novel called Musashi by Eji Yuki Shawa, and to giant novel. And it's about the life of Miyamoto Musashi, the Japanese swordsman from the late 1500s and early 1600s. And he's probably the most famous swordsman from Japan. I apologize for my pronunciation of Japanese names. I'll have to work on that. But Musashi, which is a book we are going to cover. When I covered it today, we're going to cover it in podcast 100. That was decided upon when Tim Ferriss came on the podcast. We're going to cover the novel Musashi. And again, Musashi was a swordsman, probably the most famous Japanese swordsman. He was born into a samurai family around 1584. And there's a lot of questions around his upbringing. But the reports are that his father was a very tough and demanding samurai. And then at some point around age 10, his father was either killed or something else happened and he's basically disappeared. Now Musashi fought his first duel at age 13 against a grown man who he killed by throwing him to the ground and then beating him with a bucket which is basically a wooden sword. And he fought multiple battles defending the Toyotomi clan, which is who he was aligned with. And he continued to fight these duels, amassing more than 60 wins. Now some of these duels are to the death. Some of them are, they actually agree upon what they're going to do before they fight. And he won all the ones that he participated in and his most famous duel was against a guy named Kojiro, also known as Gan Yru. And he was the biggest rival of Musashi. And they were both at the time when they fought like the most famous and feared swordsman in Japan. And then after that, he went back, he was a warrior. So he went back, he continued in combat, he had a few more duels after that. And most of that, his life and how that went up until that final duel is portrayed in this book. And it's a historical fiction, right? There's not that much truly known about his life. And so this book that's written by E.G. Iokishawa Yoshikawa sorry, it's a huge book. Like I said, we're going to cover it on podcast 100. And when we cover it, by the way, spoiler alert. That's why we've been telling people since podcast number 50 because the book has one of the most astounding endings of any book. And this thousand page book, they all builds towards this final ending, which is literally on the last two pages. It like the ending happens and it's over. And it's awesome and it's worth it. But before we cover that book, I found it would be smart to cover two things that Musashi actually wrote himself. So after that duel, that famous duel with Kojiro, he became a retainer for some royals and he was basically a warrior on staff. And as he got older, he ended up writing. The first thing he wrote was a book called The Book of Fibrinks, which is really famous. Everybody knows it. It's correctly translated or alternative translation is The Book of Fives, spheres. And another thing that he wrote was the Ducoto, which one of the translations is the way of walking alone. And we'll get to that. But first we were going to talk about the book that this famous swordsman actually wrote, which is pretty cool when you think about it. So let's dive in to The Book of Fibrinks. Going to The Book. I've set my mind on the science of martial arts since my youth long ago. I was 13 years old when I had my first duel. I'm that occasion I won over my opponent. A martial artist named Arima Kihihi of the new school of accuracy. You like that? You like that? That's the name of the school. The new school of accuracy. At age at 16 years of age, I beat a powerful martial artist called Akiyama of the Tijima Province. When I was 21, I went to the capital city and met martial artists from all over the country. Although I engaged in numerous dooms, never did I fail to attain victory. After that, I traveled from province to province, meeting martial artists of the various schools. Although I do old more than 60 times, never once did I lose. That all took place between the time I was 13 years old and the time I was 29. When I had passed the age of 30 and reflected on my experiences, I realized that I had not been victorious because of consoment attainment of martial arts. Interesting statement. He's like, I wasn't victorious because of my supreme martial arts. Perhaps it was because I had an inherent skill for the science and had not deviated from natural principles. It may also be due to the shortcomings in the martial arts of other schools. In any case, I subsequently practiced day and night in order to attain an even deeper principle. And spontaneously came upon the science of martial arts. I was about 50 years old at that time. So looking back and I feel the same way. When I look back at my military career, I think of all the things that I could do so much better now. If I would have had to write extreme ownership when I was a task unit commander, I wouldn't have been able to put the get excited and how all that knowledge I couldn't see it. And so I had to actually go through it and then look back and reflect on it and then I understand my own lessons better. And they actually become more clear to me with every day that goes by. I understand a deeper principle of what I originally thought worked. And I understand them more clearly. Since then, I have passed the time with no science into which to inquire, trusting in the advantage of military science as I turned it into the sciences of all arts and skills I have no teacher anything. So he's taken what he learned from the military and from martial scientists and he just applies to everything. He doesn't have any other sciences. Don't need him. Now in composing this book, I have not borrowed the old sayings of Buddhism or Confucianism. And in order to make use of old stories from military records or books on military science, I can't. I love this. He doesn't quote other things. He's not pulling quotes and using them. He's just using his own words. With heaven and cannon from mirrors, I take up the brush and begin to write it at 4am on the night of the 10th of the 10th month, 1643. I had to include that because clearly he's up before the end. Even though he's a retired soldier, 50 years old, he's actually his older than that 1643. He's quite on a bit. He's up early and he's writing this stuff now. And again, it's amazing. You can sit here and read what he wrote in 1643. Back to the book, martial arts are the warriors way of life. Players in particular should practice these arts and soldiers must know this way of life. In the present day, there are no warriors with certain knowledge of the way of martial arts. He imagine he's saying that when there's literally samurai in existence, in Japan, and he's like these guys don't get it. Imagine what he'd be saying right now today. Players let us illustrate the idea of a way of life. For the physician healing is a way of life. A poet teaches the art of poetry. Others pursue fortune telling, artry, or various other arts and crafts. People practice the ways to which they are inclined. Develop individual preferences. Few people are fond of the martial way of life. First of all, the way of the warriors means familiarity with both cultural and martial arts. Even if they are clumsy at this, individual warriors should strengthen their own martial arts as much as is practical in their circumstances. So he does say that a bunch. You've got to be familiar with all. Obviously, he's focused on martial arts, but you've got to be familiar with the cultural arts as well. You'll usually think that all warriors think about is being ready to die. As far as the way of death is concerned, it is not limited to warriors. Medicants, women, farmers, and even those below them know their duty are ashamed to neglect it and resign themselves to death. There is no distinction in this respect. The martial way of life practiced by warriors is based on excelling others in anything and everything. I like that. And that is actually what Uncle Jake in the book Way of the Warrior Kid tells young Mark. What's a warrior? A warrior's one that's doing his best in everything that he does. So I'm down with Massashi on that one. What are by victory in an individual duel or by winning a battle with several people, one thinks of serving the interests of ones employers of serving one's own interests of becoming well-known and socially established? This is all possible by the power of martial arts. Yet there will be people in the world who think that even if you learn martial arts, this will not prove useful when a real need arises. Starting that concern, the true science of martial arts means practicing them in such a way that they will be useful at any time and teach them in such a way that they will be useful in all things. Clearly I subscribed to this and that's why extreme ownership of the book, we say all the time, it's applications to the battlefield, to business and to life. All the same, it's all the same. Back to the book, the field of martial arts is particularly rife with flamboyant showmanship, with commercial popularization and profiteering on part of both those who teach the science and those who study it. The result of this must be as someone said that amitristic martial arts are a source of serious wounds. So do we see this today? Yes, we do. We see it across the board. We see it with actual martial arts schools and the modern sense of a martial arts school. And that's being beat down a little bit right now, right? Because we have MMA, we can actually test and you can't just run around doing acrobatics that aren't actually functional. Yeah, magic one. Yeah, yeah, where the dim rock where you're going to like, I'm going to touch your neck and you're going to fall back. So that stuff has been pretty crushed by not only by MMA, but also by the interwebs. As a whole has fought against that. Remember that website? I think it's a lot of boo, boo, boo, shido. Oh, boo, shido. Yeah, yeah, legit because they go through show everyone that's full crap. Yeah, yeah. They've been around for a long time, too. That website's been around for a long time. Boo, shido.com. Yeah. And they show everyone that's full of crap, right? Yeah. Hey, if I settle my cheat and aim my cheat like knock you out, right? And people actually paid money for that stuff. Yeah. And it's crazy how the guys who go to debunk it, those like, you see, actually, one and one where the guys will go to the dojo and be like, hey, I'm a skeptic, you know, do your thing to me and knock me down. And the guy will be like, okay, and then they'll follow through with it. Let them in everything. Jill Rogan and I were talking about that situation that just happened in China, where the Tai Chi guy went against an MMA guy and got obviously got destroyed because it doesn't work. Yeah. And that's nothing new. That's nothing new. And you know what I said on that? I mean, that kind of stuff is I think those kind of martial arts are supposed to be more like yoga. You know, it's about stretching. It's about movement. It's about proprioception. It's fine to do. That's cool. But it's not going to stop somebody from doing double leg on you. It's not going to stop somebody from throwing a four punch combination at your head. Yeah. Yeah, a trained guy who holds one arm and just beats you down with you. Yeah. And then the other part of this is you get the guys that are out there, you know, talking about the mental mindset of the special ops and all that. And it's like, hmm, they're trying to sell magic. Yeah. Same thing. Same thing. The flamboyant. This is what you need to do. And it's like, be tougher. How's that? Yeah. How about you give that one a cry? But they want to sell the flamboyant. What does he say here? Flamboyant showmanship. And you know, you can sell the people's weaknesses, right? You can sell the misguided. Yeah, the misguided. Yeah, the misguided. Yeah, the misguided. You can sell the misguided. Yeah. The misguided. Yeah. You can sell the people's weaknesses. You know, if you all remember the old team, I'd be old enough. Did you ever read soldier of fortune magazine in New York? No, I know what that is. Yeah. I was interested in war. And so soldier of fortune. If I get my hands on a copy, I read it. And there were things in there, you know, devastating. 14 moves that you learn. Yeah. And you will never lose a street fight. And people would say, yeah, you know, that's cool. I'm going to order this VHS tape. I'm going to have the solutions. And you just, you know, it's not. It's not applicable. Yes. Generally not applicable. Yeah. Of course, if you teach someone some aggressive movements that they're going to do, and they're going to memorize those movements, and then they do it to a person that doesn't know how to fight. Yeah. Actually, those movements can be effective. I'm going to punch you in the head 17 times. You know, you come up to me and say, hey, you got a problem that I punch you in the head 17 times. Yeah. With no warning. Like, that actually, okay, yeah. I put the person down and then I ran away. That's great. It works. You know, when somebody came up and squared off to me, or we had a real legitimate situation, it's not going to work. Yeah. Your false sense of security is isn't going to help you out. You're not going to carry you through. So I think it's very interesting that in 1450, yeah, we're dealing with this or what? No, sorry, not 40. It's 1643. We're dealing with the same stuff. Human nature doesn't change. That's true. All right. In regard to the Warrior Night, that path involves constructing all sorts of weapons and understanding the various properties of weapons. This is imperative for warriors. Failure to master weapon tree and comprehend the specific advantages of each weapon would seem to indicate a lack of cultivation in a member of a warrior house. I will illustrate the science of martial arts by liking it to the way of a carpenter. Now, I think this is important because it's telling you that no matter what your business is, you got to get in the game. You got to know the various tools of the trade, whether that's the business world, whether that's construction, whether that's no matter what you do. You need to open your mind up. Don't be scared and study what it is in your craft. Then you get these guys as young seal officers and they'd be embarrassed that they didn't know something about a radio or they'd be embarrassed that they didn't know something about a sniper weapon. And I would just say, look, when you don't know something, you go up to the sniper and you say, hey man, can you give me a familiarization on that weapon? Or you go up to the radio and say, hey, can you teach me how to program this radio? Because I don't know how to do it. That's what we're talking about here. Instead of just ignoring it or pretending or trying to hide from it, get out there and ask them. And believe me, the sniper and the radio men, they don't look down on you because you said to them, can you show me how to do this? They look at you and say, oh cool, he's humble and he wants to learn. I'm here. Let's make it happen. So now going back to this idea of the carpenter as an example, back to the book when sorting out timber for building a house, that which is straight, free from knots and of good appearance can be used for front pillars. That which has some knots, but a straight and strong can be used for rear pillars. That which is somewhat weak. It has no knots and looks good is very easily used for door sales, lentils, doors and screens. That which is knotted and crooked, but nevertheless strong is used thoughtfully in consideration of the strength of the various members of the house. Then the house will last a long time, even knotted, crooked and weak timber can be made into scaffolding and later used for firewood. Now what I like about that is, from a leadership perspective, I guess what that means. That means you look at your team and you're going to have some strong square to weigh, looking individuals and square to weigh acting individuals. They're going to be part of your team and you're going to have some members of your team that are not so square to weigh. They got some knots in them and they're a little bit crooked and what you have to do is you have to learn how are you going to use them, where you're going to put them. They can still, you might have some of that strong little rougher around the edges. They're going to be a supporting pillar, not the pillar that you're going to put out front, which is the nice clean cut, looking individual. It's also sharp, so as a leader, you have to do that. You have to get what you can out of all your pieces of wood. I love the idea from a leadership perspective, the idea of looking at it as being a carpenter because there's a couple different things. Not only do you have to learn how to use these different tools of leadership. So there's all these different tools that you use in leadership. There's all these different ways of communicating with people and how you interact with people and you have to learn all those different tools. But then you have to learn that you need to use the tools differently on different human beings because they're going to take a different reaction to them. Then the different types of human beings actually have individual personalities. So it's exactly like woodworking. In the fact that you've got an only do you have different types of wood, but you also have different types of wood that has individual issues like a piece of birch is a lot different than a piece of eBay. eBay is hard hard wood. eBay, I think it has a burn rating that is higher or the same as concrete. Think about that. I'm not kidding. You throw eBay in the water. It sinks. I'm going to decimate it. eBay, it's awesome. It's a very hard wood, but you can't use it. You have to use a different tool. You have to use the tool differently than you would with a piece of pine which is very soft. And that's the way people are too. That's the way human beings are. You have to know how to use the tools. And then you have to learn how to modulate the tools correctly with each individual piece of lumber. Yeah, you see that a lot in team sports. Like a football, for example, you get a guy. He doesn't know how to do anything. You can't teach him. He's out of no, whatever. But he has a hard head. You know, he's just down for the cause. That's it. It's like, thanks seemingly useless. You put them on special teams. You put them on the kickoff. There you go. You make them a wedge breaker. There you are. Boom, best wedge breaker in the team. Yeah, get some. Exactly. Back to the book. Speaking in terms of carpentry, soldiers sharpen their own tools, make various useful implements, and keep them in their utility boxes. Obviously, same correlations there. Back to book. This book in five scrolls entitled Earth, Water, Fire, Wind, and Emptiness. And this is the true science cannot be attained just by mastery of swordsmanship alone. So, you got to get more. And I think it was on the first Tim Ferriss podcast I was on. I think he asked me what was the most complicated mission that you did. And I was like, hey, the missions are complicated. What's complicated is dealing with human beings. That's the hard part. That's the hard part of leadership. It dealing with shooting a machine gun. I mean, there's some skill to it. But it's infinitely easier than trying to lead men in combat. Back to the book. The way to do battle is the same. Whether it is a battle between one individual and another or a battle between one army and another. You should observe, reflectively, with overall awareness of the large picture as well as precise attention to small details. The large scale is easy to see, the small scale is hard to see. To be specific, it is impossible to reverse the direction of a large group of people all at once, while the small scale is hard to know because in the case of an individual, there's just one will involved and changes can be made quickly. This should be given careful consideration. So, you can see a big group when they're trying to turn, you can know. But with this one individual, you're not really 100% sure what they're thinking. He talks a lot about this. He talks about a lot about the elevation and how you have to step back and look at things from different perspectives. Also, I'm going to make this note right now. He's got these little lines at the end of so many of his paragraphs like this one. This should be given careful consideration. He says those kind of things a lot. And I'm not going to do all of them, but I'm definitely going to give enough to give the feeling of the book, which is very, it's very instructional in the way it's talking to you, which I dig. Back to the book. This is interesting. Back to the book. Unless you really understand others, you can hardly attain your own self understanding. That's the opposite of what we normally think. We think, oh, I got to know myself first. And then I can understand other people. You've got to understand other people. And then you get to understand yourself. And I think that's very useful because we should see ourselves in other people. We should look at other people and say, I know what they're doing. I do that too. Back to the book. In the practice of every way of life and every kind of work, there's a state of mind called that of the deviant. Even if you strive diligently on your chosen path day after day, if your heart is not in accord with it, then even if you think you want a good path from the point of view of the straight and true, this is not a genuine path. If you do not pursue a genuine path to its consummation, then a little bit of crookedness in the mind will later turn into a major warp reflect on this. Right? That's great advice. And you know what that makes me think of? Is when people ask me, which they ask me a lot about joining the military? No, I want to join the military. I want to go in the sealed teams. I want to support the country. That's awesome. But you better make sure that you're doing it because it's a true path to your heart. If you're doing it for some other alternative reason, it's not going to be a warp that I'll show up later. Now, doing four years, a four year hitch in the Marine Corps, the Army, in the Navy, in the Air Force, it's going to be good for you, and it's not like it's a light permanent lifetime thing, and it'll probably teach you a lot. But if you're going to do something, you've got to remember that you signed that dotted line, you might be going to war. And if you have that, if you're not doing it for the right reasons, you're going to be, you're not going to be a happy person when you're over in the combat zone. It's not going to happen. So stay true to your path and make sure that the path that you're on is something that you really want to do, something you really want to believe in, or something that you really believe in. Now, Musashi fought with two swords, a longer sword and a short sword. That was kind of his trademark, and it's, I think he's credited with creating that form of fighting. And both, some other Samurai carried two swords, like a primary and a secondary. But he used two swords simultaneously, which is pretty legit. So back to the book, the real thing is to practice the science wielding both swords, the long-sorted one hand, and the short sword and the other. When your life is on the line, you want to make use of all your tools. No warrior should be willing to die with his swords at his side without having made use of his tools. However, when you hold something with both hands, you cannot wield it freely, both right and left. My purpose is to get you used to wielding the long sword with one hand. So know your tools, practice with them. Here we go. The long sword seems heavy and unwieldy to everyone at first. But everything is like that when you first take it up. A bow is hard to draw. However, it is hard to swing. Each weapon becomes stronger at the bow and you acquire the ability to wield the long sword. When you attain the power of the way, it becomes easy to handle. What's that saying? It's in practice. It's also saying the same thing that one uncle Jake told young Mark, hey, you're not going to be good at this at first. Of course you can't do poems. You haven't practiced them. Of course you don't know your time tables. You have practiced them. And it's the same thing in any job that you're in. You have to practice it. You're not just born. You're not just born programmed. You have to program your own mind to work you have to do. Back to the book in my individual school, one can win with the long sword and one can win with the short sword as well. For this reason, the precise size of a long sword is not fixed. The way of my school is the spirit of gaining victory by any means. And when I lack about this, he talks about this more and I don't know how much of I hit. But he's got an open mind. Even though he's very direct about what he knows works, he's also saying, hey, look, the sword, don't worry about the length of the sword. I'm worried about what works and winning and achieving victory by any means necessary. That's an open mind. In the martial arts of my individual school, it is the same for one man as it is for 10,000. As far as paths are concerned, and well, before I go and pass that, this is why for me, it's very easy to make these correlations because I talk about all the time, the similarities between due to it, which is a one-on-one match against another human being and being on the battlefield. The things that you're doing are the same. You're trying to flank people. You're not trying to attack the hardened targets. You've got to know when to back off. You've got to know when to attack. You've got to seize the moment. All those things are the same. So Musashi realizes. Obviously. Back to the book. As far as paths are concerned, there are confusions, Buddhists, T-connoisseurs, teachers of etiquette, dancers, and so on. These things do not exist in the way of warriors. But even if they are not your path, if you have wide knowledge of the ways, you encounter them in everything. In any case, as human beings, it is essential for each of us to cultivate and polish our own individual path. And again, I get questions about life. People want to make decisions about their life. And the answer is, look, go out research, but you need to cultivate your own path. You need to figure out. And you can do that. You need to learn to educate. And I certainly answer all kinds of questions about that. At the end of the day, the person that's signing the dotted line, the person that's going to drop out of college, they can join the military, or drop out of their, sometimes I'll get, hey, I want to start, I want to leave this job to start my own business. Those are the kind of things, the big decisions. And you've got to make that, I can't be responsible for that decision. I can give you some perspective, and my perspective is, you know, for those, you've got to know if you're going to join the military, you better know that that's truly what you want to do. For leaving your job that you don't like anymore, because you want to start something new, set things up, set up an extra strategy, plan for it, suck up the job that you don't like while you're saving money while you're getting a landing place ready. And then slowly, make your transition wind at the wind the time is right. You don't just get frustrated one day, quit, and then you're sitting there with no income, no way to get anything started, then you're desperate. And when you're desperate, things aren't going to go well. It's not good to be desperate. Yeah, and you hear that romantic story, where, you know, this guy did that, you know, he was tired of his job, so he just humped and quit and then he got desperate and he fell back and all this stuff. Yeah, and what's that bias that you get, where are the only people that you hear about or the ones that actually pulled it off availability? Yeah, availability bias. So that's what happens. We only hear about this guy that quit his job and started this thing in his garage and now he's a billionaire. Yeah. That's cool. But there's a lot of people that never made it out of garage. They ended up, you know, a job that you're in worse. Yeah, or went back the next week, begging for their job back and they got a small emotion and whatever back to the book, indistinguishing the advantages of the tools of warriors, we find that whatever the weapon, there's a time and a situation in which it is appropriate. Absolutely. Listen to this, you should not have any special fondness for a particular weapon or anything else for that matter. Too much is the same as not enough to entertain likes and dislikes is bad for both commanders and soldiers. Pragmatic thinking is essential. I mean, just insert that, open your brain and put that in there. So often we get the little likes and dislikes. You know what, you don't want to pet peeve a minus? The word pet peeve. That bothers you. Yeah. And there's nothing. You know, I was saw Charlie Plum last this past week and I was telling him about that. One of the biggest things that I took away from sitting and talking to him was that whole idea that if you do something that annoys me, it's my fault. It's my fault. You're being annoyed. It's my fault for being annoyed and I need to get fixed. So if I have a pet peeve that echo fiddles his pan around, that's not your fault. Because my fault, I need to get over it as long as it depends not clicking. It's clicking then it's our problem. But that's so important. And to think about this, we do, we have, we have, we like things and you know what we generally like? What we're good at. Yeah. Think about your jitsu. Yeah. What do I, what am I, I'm a, so guilty of this? I'm like, I submitted 14 people today. Camerica, Camerica, Camerica, all of them. Right. Or GTE team. Right. But not. Yeah. Card pass one side. Yeah. Card pass one side only. Yeah. That's, that we, I got to break that. Yeah. I got to get more, I got to get less fondness for particular weapons. That's such good. It's, because it's so hard. That's such good. You know what? Yeah. I mean, think about everything. Even like, you know, you probably have your favorite gun. You have your favorite, everything. Really? I prefer, I mean, I prefer, I prefer no, I prefer this gun. I prefer the, you know, yeah. I think. I've got to be careful of that. Yeah. Pragmatic thinking is essential. Now, here we go back to book. Rhythm is something that exists in everything. But the rhythms of martial arts, in particular, are difficult to master without practice. Harmony and disharmony and rhythm occur in every walk of life. It is imperative to distinguish carefully between the rhythms of flourishing and the rhythms of decline in every single thing. The way to win in a battle according to military sciences to know the rhythms of specific of the specific opponents and use rhythms that your opponents do not expect producing formless rhythms from rhythms of wisdom. And it's just so classic. And you think about on the battlefield, this is what maneuver warfare is, right? This is tempo. They talk about it in terms of tempo when Brian Stan was on he's talking about maintaining that tempo. And then what you need to use, you need to maintain the faster tempo than your enemy can maintain. And when you can maintain that tempo or you disrupt the tempo or you disrupt their tempo, that's how you're going to achieve victory. Obviously, it's the same thing in Gigiitu. I'm keeping, you know, I'm pressing one side pressing one side, pressing one side. Boom, I disrupt that go the other side. I just passed your guard. Yeah. I break your tempo. And even in basketball or soccer, that's why soccer, that change of pace. You come down the field, going out of certain speed, and you speed up, so don't say, you change that tempo. That's how you pass. You know, boxing too, you know, the whole idea of a counter punch is that. Yeah, what it's all else, it's all over. It really, faintness saying, you said, it's about being late, you know. So like if someone basically outtempels you or disrupt your pattern, then now you have to catch up when your late says when you're late, you muscle when you muscle your you tire and when you tire, you die. I might have missed one, but I think that's it. Those are pretty straightforward. I don't know what you're missing, because that's true. When you get someone off tempo, it's when someone has me off tempo. There's no, you're chasing them. You're trying to hang on and think you're happening and you don't know it. Yeah, and if he does that thing where he keeps the pace, and he, and you, man, he just, it's like he's pulling ahead, pulling ahead until you're like, until you die. Yeah, until you die. Yeah. Check. Here we go. Just straight break in it down right here. Back to the book. For people want to learn my military science. There are rules for learning the art. One, think of what is right and true. Two, practice and cultivate the science. Three, become acquainted with the arts. Four, know the principles of the crafts. Five, understand the harm and benefit in everything. Six, learn to see everything accurately. Seven, become aware of what is not obvious. Eight, be careful even in small matters. Nine, do not do anything useless. If we could, if everyone could just do nine, not do anything useless, think about that. Think about how powerful that is. Think how much useless stuff that we do. And it's useless. It's not helping us. Yeah, that's what we're talking about. I don't know, maybe last time we took a few weeks ago about distraction. That's really what it is. Yeah. Distraction. You're useless. The other, a couple of these understand the harm and benefit of everything. Learn to see everything accurately. Become aware of what is not obvious. Those to me are all about detachment. You've got to be able to detach from what's going on to be able to see things accurately. You've got to be able to detach to be able to see the harm and benefit and things. You've got to be able to detach to be able to see what's not obvious. And the more caught up you are in your head or in the chaos in the situation, the more you're going to miss those important factors right there. Back to the book. First of all, keep martial arts on your mind and work diligently in a straightforward manner. Then you can win with your hands and you can defeat people by seeing with your eyes. Furthermore, when you refine your practice to the point where you can attain freedom of the whole body, then you can overcome people by means of your body. Since your mind is trained in this science, you can also overcome people by means of mind when you reach this point. How could you be defeated by others? So he's talking about you need to refine your practice to the point where you get freedom. I think I might have said something along those lines. This place goes freedom all day long. All day long. Refine your practice until you attain freedom. Think about that. Listen to you get free. You don't just expect freedom. You don't get freedom by acting free. No, you get freedom by discipline. Yeah, so like, do you just, for example, when you're a white belt brand new, they teach you the move, here's the move, here's the step one, step two, step two, step two. You practice that enough times along with all the other moves. Now you're just jumping in there and flying the moves are flying, you know, just going on almost automatically. Right. You're just free to do whatever move at whatever time you want. That's the exact same thing on the battlefield. You drill drills and you become your team, your platoon, your squad becomes so fluid with them that they can adapt and they can change them. Because that's what we're really talking about. They have the freedom to move. They have the freedom to know the rules so intuitively that they become just part of the way they act as humans. It's like when you have you ever been showing a move in GJ2 or someone's been showing a move on you. Right. Like, let's say you're going to show the the guillotine on me. And so you pull me over and you, you chuck me down and as you chuck me down, I count it. Like, not in, not on purpose because I know I'm just trying to show the move. But I like automatic to turn my head, grab your arm. I know I'm just like, oh, I can't do that right now. I can't count on the move. But that's not my, that's not my brain doing that. That's pure instant. Right. Pure instant. It's almost like you have to consciously not do it. And then after you constantly not do it five times, the example you've got to like drill it three more times just to make sure you're good to go. Here we go. Back to the book. It is by no means possible for me to write down this science precisely as I understand it in my heart. So what that means to me is what I talk about a lot is that we look at different sources for the same information. We want to know about human nature. We want to know about leadership. We want to know about war. No one has the ability to just get it right. So that's why we come at it from different angles. That's what we do. Just like in GJ2, when you learn an arm lock from Jeff Glover and you learn a lot of lock from Dean Lister, they're going to get Jeff Glover will give you 82 points of performance. Dean Lister will give you 82 points of performance. 73 of them are overlapping. But there's some nine that are a little bit different. And that's where you make up and some of it's going to work. Some of Glover's stuff's going to work a little bit better for me than it is for you. But then some of Dean's stuff's going to work better for you and then me. But then some of those were actually going to combine what both of them say. And we're going to end up instead of 82 points of performance. We're going to end up with 116. And now our locks a little bit better. This is steep. Yeah. So here we go. Pay attention. Science of martial arts is not just a matter of reading these writings. Taking what is written here personally do not think you are reading or learning and do not make up an imitation. Taking the principles as if they were discovered from your own mind. Identify with them constantly and work on them carefully. This is so critical. It's like I say on the podcast for a while at the end of the podcast I was saying, don't just listen. Do. Because just listening doesn't help you. You have to go more than listen. He's saying you have to do more than just read. And it's interesting. We get people that are really into either podcast that read the book. And I talk to them. We have clients that brought us on to help their company. And they love extreme ownership. And they are, they feel like they're fully on board and understand the principles and all that. And then you get in there and you start talking to them about what they're doing and they're messing them. And it's because they don't attach. They're looking out at everyone else. They're not, they're not looking at themselves. And it's hard because they read them. Right? They listen. Yeah. They don't do. They've got to do it. So that's hard. That's, the attachment comes, it becomes important. There are two to detach from yourself and actually think about what you're doing is very hard. And without doing just that, you won't be successful. And I like how he says you take these ideas and make them, like, as if they were discovered in your own brain. How do you apply them to your life? That's one of the things that's so good about the master is because with the interaction, it can be hard for people to birth these ideas from their own mind, like, to take the seed that comes from extreme ownership or comes from the podcast to take that seed and and plan it and have it grow. It can be hard to do that. They look at the seed. They hold the seed as sacred. Right? But they're not putting it in there and letting it grow and watering it. When you come to the master, what's cool about it is you get, you get to ask the question and say, hey, what's going on with this? It's going to be a great opportunity to do that. And then we get to give our perspective and now we make a connection. Now that's, you get a little water on it, a little fertilizer. It starts to grow. And also, you get pulled out of your own head because when you hear three other people's questions that are similar to what you're doing and then, but again, you can't just listen to someone else's question and go, oh, I see the answer to that. You have to say, wait a second. How does that answer apply to me to big deal? Back to the book and the science of martial arts, the state of a hum, man. This is, here we go. In the science of martial arts, the state of mind should remain the same as normal. In ordinary circumstances, as well as when practicing martial arts, let there be no change at all. With the mind open and direct neither tense nor lacks centering the mind so that there is no imbalance. Comely relax your mind and savor this moment of ease thoroughly so that the relaxation does not stop its relaxation even for an instant. So you want to remain calm. So I used to, I'm going to put myself on report here. So you used to play this game with my kids. I would take the inside of wrapping paper. You get that sword. It's like a cardboard sword. You know, it's like a cardboard tube. It's like a giant toilet tissue tube, right? And I used to play this game with my kids. It was called normal face. And I would line them up and you had to keep your face totally normal. No expression. Not a smile on my laugh. If you weren't, didn't have a normal face, you would get cracked with the tube. And so all my kids would line up and they would just get the most blank expression on their face. And I would, you know, I'd do something to try and make them laugh or try and make them, um, um, startle, get scared. What's that, what's that word? When you flinch, I try and make them flinch. I might swing out and then they flinch. And now, oh, you just don't even if you flinch like I was going to crack you. And now you flinch, now you get a crack. Could you flinch? And it was, it was a lot of fun because the kids, because once you crack, you know, one kid, then the other two kids laugh crack crack. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But my goal in that, besides have fun with the family, you know, because head trauma and all that can be very fun for the family, just kidding. There's no head trauma happening, but it was fun to play and the kids would laugh, but also get them to control their emotions, right? And you get them to not be so readable to everyone. Get them to control their emotions, get them to relax. So you got to play normal face with your kids sometimes. It's good. Jockel's version. It's good. Howlady. When you see a kid in a frustrating situation and they've got normal face, you know, you're a nice play. Yeah, yeah, it's good. Even when you see an adult, that's a situation. Yeah, you see some pressure going on and they got the normal face. Just looking at them. Yeah, like, okay. Oh, you're screaming and yelling cool normal face over here. Yeah. Who do you guys want to follow normal face guy or freak out guy over there? No, not freak out guy. So yeah, child services, you know, you can come and get me. But that's what those two things are kind of for. Yeah, and a way of course. There's made to crack your kids in the head with them and have fun. Some kind of cracking device. Yeah, well, they're just so perfect. Yeah. No, you know what's more perfect than them is you can get the foam. You can get the foam that you're using to cover hot pipes in your house. Yeah, yeah. And it's just a little foam to those things are the best because you, I could literally hit you as hard as I possibly could. And it doesn't even hurt at all, but it makes a cool noise. I used to make swords with those things. I used to put a little PVC pipe at the end of it. But not the whole thing because that PVC pipe. Yeah, yeah, that's not that bad. No, that's not kind of painful. That's not to injuries. But you just put enough of that. So you have a handle. So just the hand. Sure. And then you have this little peat, the that foam. And you could my wife the first time she saw us doing it, my wife freaked out. I'm in there. I'm wailing on my kids because you're doing full barbarian. Like overhead smashes with these swords as hard as you possibly can. Yeah. And it doesn't hurt at all. Yeah. At all. Those are good too. Because it does make a little crack noise. Yeah, yeah. They're fully effect. Yeah. Kind of flimsy though. No, that's the thing. They're surprisingly. They're not flimsy. They're surprisingly rigid. That's why they're so effective for the normal first game. That's as normal face advanced. Sure. Yeah. No, because you don't have that many wrapping paper tubes. So I'm like, okay, we need an alternate here. We need an alternative. Yeah. We need to keep this going. Yeah, go to the basement. Yeah. That was pipe cover. Not with the lone people or bottom. Those doing a project at my house. And then I had that left over. And of course, I'm looking at it. Tube. I'm thinking so hard. I think a normal face. Let's get it off. And I've discovered a perfect play weapon. There you go. Boom. Back to the book. Once you have sharpened your intellect to the point where you can see whatever in the world is true or not. Where you can tell whatever is good or bad. And when you're experienced in various fields and are capable of being fooled. Our incapable of being fooled at all by people of the world. Then your mind will become in viewed with the knowledge and wisdom of the art of war. Isn't that interesting? Can you hear about how you get infused with the knowledge of the art of war? It's by understanding people. That's how you get there. That's how you get there. Back to the book. There is something special about the knowledge of the art of war. It is imperative to master the principles of the art of war and learn to be unmoved in mind even in the heat of battle. Normal face. Generally speaking, it is essential to make your ordinary bearing. The bearing you use in martial arts and make the bearing you use in martial arts. Your ordinary bearing. This should be given careful consideration. So, your normal, you should be normal all the time. That's how you should be. Whether you're fighting, whether you're in combat, or whether you're a dinner. Keep it ordinary, keep it normal. He's talking here about the focus of the eyes. A specialty of martial arts is to see that which is far away closely and to see that which is nearby from the day. You're by from a distance. You've got to have that perspective. That's why you don't get drawn into like when your when your pertunance got a mission. You don't get in the planning with them. Because then you'll be so close that you can't see what it looks like from far away. In martial arts, it is important to be aware of opponents swords and yet not look at the opponent's swords at all. This takes work. This matter of focusing the eyes is the same in both small and large scale military science. It is essential to see both sides without moving the eyeballs. So, you've got to work that peripheral vision. Again, Officer Candidate School, you can't look at your food. We didn't know why they made us do that. We thought it was just torture. You can't look at your food while you're eating. You've got to look straight ahead. So, why would they make you do that? So, you improve your peripheral vision. You cannot look at your food. Try it sometime. Yeah. You have to develop your peripheral vision. And this idea of both large and small scale military science being able to see that which is far away closely and that which is close from a distance. That's detachment. You're embroiled in that thing that's close to you. You've got to detach from it so you can see what it looks like. And the thing that's far away, you've got to get into it. You ever hear two people debating or something, not professional debaters or nothing, but there are going to point, you know, one guy's point versus the other guy's point. And with debate a lot of times comes interruption, you know, like your saints are in an interruptive, right? And then everyone's on all you'll notice one person say, hey, can I finish? You know, you keep interrupting me. And then another guy might say, well, I'm just saying you got to end slowly that debate of the two important issues as well. Yes, push to the side actually and the debate becomes whether or not they justified or just a, justifiably interrupted the other person. So it's now about the interruption. That's like, you know, you say, don't focus in on these little details that come come about in a big situation. Yeah. Well, what's really crazy is they have news programs. I'll see like a clip of a news program. And it's basically three or four panelists all talking at the same time. It's the most ridiculous thing ever. That's another thing. I think it was Joe Rogan was saying, you know, when you're talking about podcasts themselves, you know, you're saying the news people need to learn from podcasts. Yeah. That you don't need to have people in for four minutes, three people, four people, five person panel. They're all talking at the same time. They're all looking to get that big zinger point across that they pre-planned and then they try and drop it. Just garbage, it's just garbage. Listen to listen to a two and a half hour podcast about a subject. So you can hear people's actual knowledgeable and thoughtful comments about it. Yeah. That to me makes a lot more sense. Yeah. Even on those four minute deals where there's four, five people in there, even if they don't interrupt each other, talk or each other. Like one person can talk for what? A minute. Yeah. That's weird. I've done a decent amount of television interviews. And it's even when you're in it, it's even shorter than it seems like when you're watching it. Because you know, you have, you just have to say whatever it is you're going to say you've got to say it in one maybe two maybe three sentences. Yeah. Yeah. And that's how they get you to. Like if there's litsa, if it's like a cited issue, you know, you say the one and there's so many details and nuance to it. You know, but man, I got to get my, my core point across mean levels all this nuance. You think that the news companies are doing that because people's attention spans have gotten so short that they just think that's the best way we can do this is just put on. Hey, we put them on there for four minutes if someone doesn't like this subject, they'll got someone else coming on and you know, in four minutes later after the commercial break. Yeah. Maybe I think it a lot of times to do just the show is just a certain. But I think that as what they're trying to do, I think they know attention spans are short, but I also think that attention spans have been so coddled now that people actually want the long form and that's why I think podcast as in general are doing really well because people don't people want to get engaged and listen to an actual opinion or not even an opinion, but facts or. Yeah, it's an opinion or facts. And when I listen to a full thought, right? So a fully encompassed thought about something, not one liner, zinger, hey, I got you. Yeah. boring. Can't watch it anymore. Yeah, sometimes when you're watching surfing, sure you want to see a guy shred, you know, for a second or two, whatever, but sometimes you just want to sit back and watch the leaves. That's true, I guess. Well, it is true that if you watch a surf movie, a real, a better surf movie, they have, you know, they show the guys in the morning. They're getting in the car. You're kind of with them, right? As opposed to just boh, man hits you, you know, get the lip hit the lip hit the lip hit the lip hit the back. Like those are cool, you know, but what do you, if you want to, I, and I think a lot of people they want to sit down, they want to see these guys shaping boards. Sure. You know, morning of the earth, they're shaping boards, they're watching your shaping boards and then they're going out and surfing the board that they shaped in the morning. They shape it glass and go out and surf it, come back, adjust the fin, make a little, let's shave the fin down. That's, that's pretty cool to watch. Yep. Is it cool to watch people do 360s and 540s? Yeah, that's cool. Yeah. But I want something a little bit more developed. Yep. That's actually the key right there. Something developed. Yeah. You know, you can't just like you can't watch this shape, someone doing the same shape for a long time. You want to see the full developed thought like how you put it. Yes. It was a more sure. Everyone's not sure. Yeah, you got such a, was that a TV show? No. It was a movie. Okay. It was a movie then there was a TV show. Just about the, the, the Arizona surf. Yeah, yeah, he was a surf surf tanker, whatever. Yeah, Arizona winds, recant goes to North Shore or Wahoo. Why? You know, learns to surf all over again. Technically, you know, the ways the culture, all this stuff, you know, not as accurate as maybe it could have been, but a fun watch, not the left. A lot to this cue that one up. I think my son watches that from they get all the funny lines out of it. Yeah, and turtle. Dope. I'll take your word for the night. All right. Back to the book. And wielding the long sword. Oh, this is good. And wielding the long sword, the thumb and forefinger grip lightly. The middle finger grips neither tightly nor loosely, while the fourth and little fingers grip tightly. There should be no slackness in the hand. The long sword should be taken up with the thought that it is something for killing opponents. Let there be no change in your grip even when slashing opponents. Make your grip such that your hand does not. When you strike an opponent's sword, block it or pin it down. Your thumb and forefinger alone should change somewhat. But in any case, you should grip your sword with the thought of killing. Your grip when cutting something to test your blade and your grip when slashing in combat should be no different. Gripping the sword as you would to kill a man. Generally speaking, fixation and binding are to be avoided in both the sword and the hand. Fixation is the way to death. Fluidity is the way to life. This is something that should be well understood. So, not only you have normal face and normal bearing, your grip is got to remain the same. No matter what, you train how you fight, you're just maintaining the same grip. And then this idea of fixing and binding and being stationary and stagnant is the way to death. And being fluid and open in the mind and in the way you present and the way you fight. That's the way to life. That kind of, you know, like, Tim Kennedy mentioned dry fire. You know, it's kind of the same thing. So it's like you're pulling the trigger the same way or whether or not there's going to be, you know, the same way. And actually when you're shooting, they'll do this when they're training us to shoot. Will they'll put a dummy round in our magazine. That's not. And so then they can see if you made some reaction predicting or awaiting the kick of the gun. Yeah. That's what throws your rounds off. So I'll put a dummy round in there and I'll be watching you click, click, click, click, click. Our boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And then click, you jerk your trigger and everyone knows that you just made a mistake and they can see it. And that's hard. Yeah, it is. It is. It's good at that. Which is good at that one. Oh. Now, this is interesting. He goes through what he calls the five kinds of guard and I looked at this guard is basically the way you kind of position yourself and he talks about the different types of guard that there are, the first technique, the second, the third, the fourth, the fifth, these are the different techniques. And they're all different positions that you hold the sword and the way you prepare for your attack. And when he gets to the philosophical part of it though, on the teaching of having a position without a position. Or a guard without a guard means that the long sword is not supposed to be kept in a fixed position. Nevertheless, since there are five ways of placing the sword, the guard positions must follow along. Where you hold your sword depends on your relationship to the opponent, depends on the place and must conform to the situation. Wherever you hold it, the idea is to hold it so that it will be easy to kill the opponent. Sometimes the upper guard position is lower to bit, so that it may becomes the middle position. While the middle guard position may be elevated a bit, depending on the advantage thereof, so that it becomes the upper position. That times the lower guard position is also raised a bit to become the middle position. The two side guard positions may be moved somewhat toward the center, depending on where you are standing vis-a-vis your opponent. Resulting in either the middle or the lower guard position. In this way, the principle is to have a guard position without a position. First of all, when you take up the sword, in any case the idea is to kill the opponent. Even though you may catch hit or block an opponent's slashing sword or tie it up or obstruct it, all of these moves are opportunities for cutting down the opponent. So he's not trapped in this rigid mindset that this is what I have to do. He's open-minded, he's flexible. Now here we go. This must be understood. If you think of catching, think of hitting, think of blocking, think of tying up or think of obstructing, you will thereby become unable to make the kill. It is crucial to think of everything as an opportunity to kill. This should be given careful consideration. So he's an, if you're thinking defensively, that's what you're thinking about. When you actually need to be thinking about being offensive, even when you're defending, you need to be thinking about being offensive. Back to the book, in large-scale military science, the array of troops, the ring of troops is also a matter of positioning. Every instance thereof is an opportunity to win in war. Fixation is bad. This should be worked out thoroughly. Striking down an opponent in a single beat. Among the rhythms used to strike an opponent, there is what is called a single beat. Finding a position where you can reach the opponent, realizing when the opponent has not yet determined what to do, you strike directly as fast as possible without moving your body or fixing your attention. The stroke with which you strike an opponent before he is thought of whether to pull back, Perry or strike is called a single beat. So that's, you can see that the opponent is not quite prepared. They're kind of indecisive. You can see it. Boom. Be decisive. Make something happen. Go for the kill. The rhythm of the second spring, the rhythm of the second spring is when you're about to strike and the opponent quickly pulls back or Perry's. You faint to blow and then strike the opponent as he relaxes after tensing. This is the stroke of the second spring. So again, we see these all the time in Gigiitsu. We see it in everything. The sticky body means getting inside and sticking fast to an opponent. When you get inside, the opponent's defenses, you stick tight with your head, body and legs. The average person gets his head and legs in quickly but the body shrinks back. Sticking to an opponent means that you stick so close that there are no gaps between your bodies. This should be investigated carefully. And what's really interesting about this, and of course these are both two different languages being translated. But when the chestions fought the Russians in Cheshania, one of the things that the Cheshians did was they called it this sticky, they stuck to the Russians. So the Russians had air support, the Russians had our artillery and the only way to negate that or mitigate it for the Cheshians was to get so close to the Russians that they couldn't use their own superior air power. And it's the same thing with Gigiitsu. Obviously, our grappler is going to get close so that they can avoid the strikes of a striker. It doesn't matter. A stand against many opponents, discerning the order in which opponents attack deal with those who press forward first. Keeping an eye on the whole picture, determining the stands from which opponents launch their attack, swinging both swords at the same time without mutual interference, it is wrong to wait. Prioritize an execute. Yeah, multiple people coming after you, or you're being a total attack to multiple fronts, you need to prioritize next to you. Advantage in dueling means understanding how to win using the long sword according to the laws of martial arts. This cannot be written down in detail. One must realize how to win by practice. Study carefully. Well, again, you're not going to get it just by reading. You're not going to get it just by listening. You got to do it. You got to practice it. Thinking unherently understanding that it is the duty of warriors to practice this science, determine that today you will overcome yourself of the day before. Tomorrow you will win over those of lesser skill and later you will win over those of greater skill. Practice. This is something that requires thorough examination with a thousand days of practice for training and ten thousand days of practice for refinement. As far as my military science is concerned, I have discerned the principles of living and dying through numerous dools in which I set my life on the line learning the science of the sword. Getting to know the strength and weaknesses of opponents sword blows, comprehending the uses of blade and ridge of the sword and practicing how to kill opponents. In the course of doing this, little, scissy things never even occurred to me, especially when one is in full combat gear, one does not think of small things. I thought that might be worth noting. No, be thinking about the little, scissy things. Now he's talking about here the physical situation, meaning what's going on. In discerning the lay of the physical situation, there is what is known as positioning yourself with the sun at your back. This also applies indoor. So general ideas you want to make sure that you put the sun behind you, so it's hard to see you. Now what you have to be careful is today live real military scenarios. You have to be careful with your not silhoueting yourself. So at night time you get on a ridge line or you get light behind you can be easier to see unless it's a bright blinding light and then it becomes efficient. There's a big difference between a bright blinding light and silhoueting yourself. So be careful of that. Back to the book in order to look down on the enemy, understand that you should take your stand on the highest ground. Even if it's only slightly elevated, take the high ground where the high ground's going to take you. 1643 same thing that I was teaching in 2009. Take the high ground. When you get opponents to an obstacle in order to prevent them from observing the situation, press your attack without lead up so they cannot look around. Again, you get someone on the ropes, kind of attack. Got to get them. You know what I'm saying? When they're on the ropes, when they're starting to fade a little bit, you're probably starting to fade a little bit too. Think about it. If you and I are in a grappling match or we're going hard. When I see you getting tired, I'm probably getting tired too. Not time for me to rest. Just good. A lot of people they see you getting a little tired. I say, I'll cool. I can take a little breather now. Yeah, long answer. Yes. I'm going to finish you off. I'm going to get the kill. When you want to attack, you remain calm and quiet. Then get the jump on your opponent by attacking suddenly and quickly. You can preempt by being outwardly powerful and swift while inwardly leaving reserves. You can also get the jump by stealing your mind to the utmost, accelerating your pace a bit and making a violent attack. The instant you get up close to the opponent. In case the opponent attacks swiftly, you attack calmly yet powerfully. When the opponent gets close, tighten your bearing with absolute resolve. And when the opponent shows signs of slacking overcome him with force immediately. Then again, when an opponent attacks calmly and quietly, accelerate your own attacks slightly with your body lightly buoyant. When the opponent gets close, clash once and then adapting to his condition overcome him forcefully. So this is what these are. And what's important about these is that understanding what's happening before you enter the situation. So let me give you an example. This is all the time in MMA. There's certain MMA fighters that come out of the gate blazing. And you hear all the time, well, this guy, he knows he's got a weather of the storm. So that's exactly where you're going to attack me. I'm going to remain calm. You're going to go out and go crazy, getting nuts even. And what am I doing? I'm just going to remain calm. Just going to take the hits. I'm going to defend. I'm going to let you and I'm going to do it with the resolve. Just going to beat calm, normal face, boom, we're good. And then you're going to wear yourself out and then I'm really good. As opposed to, if you come out, you're all non-challan. I might, I might comment you hard to overcome you while you're not mentally prepared for the chaos. I'm going to bring to you. Yeah, and hopes that you can't weather the storm. Right, right. Whenever opponents try to attack you, let them go ahead and do anything that is useless while preventing them from doing anything that is useful. This is essential to military science. That doesn't even need explanation. Except for the fact that you see people all the time that the enemies or the competitors doing something that they don't like at bothersome, so they make effort to stop it. And they're just wasting their effort. Yeah. You should actually be encouraging people to waste their resources and time. Yeah. Knowing the state of affairs in large-scale military science, knowing the state of affairs means to certainly the flourishing and declining of opponents. To certainly the intentions of adversary troops and perceiving their condition, clearly seeing the state of affairs determining how to deploy your own troops, so as to gain certain victory by the principles of military science, and doing battle with the knowledge of what lies ahead. Also, in individual martial arts, you determine your opponent's traditions, observe the personal character of adversaries, find out people's strengths and weaknesses, maneuver in ways contrary to opponent's expectations, determine opponents' highs and lows, ascertain rhythms in between, make the first move. This is essential. So that's leadership right there dealing with other people, know their character. Back to the book, if your own power of insight is strong, the state of affairs of everything will be visible to you. Once you have attained complete independent mastery of martial arts, you'll be able to figure out the minds of opponents and thus find many ways to win. This demands work. No, what's happening? I like the fact that he's talking about understanding your opponent's traditions, understanding their cultures, what he's talking about, you've got to understand what your opponent's culture is, and in an individual level and on a social level, all of it. Desintegration is something that happens to everything. When a house crumbles, a person crumbles, or an adversary crumbles, they fall apart by getting out of rhythm with the times. In large-scale military science, it is also essential to find the rhythm of opponents as they come apart and pursue them, so as to not let opening slip by. If you miss the timing of vulnerable moments, there is a likelihood of counterattack. In individual martial arts, it also happens that an adversary will get out of rhythm and combat and start to fall apart. If you let such a chance get by you, the adversary will recover and force you. It is essential to follow up firmly on any loss of poison, on the part of an opponent to prevent him from recovering. Again, you see this in MMA all the time. Get that guy on the ropes, get that guy, dazed. You got to get on him, finish him. And that's how tired people get in MMA. You'll see somebody really rocked and losing their bearings. And the other guy won't even be able to pursue him because he's tired or overly cautious. And then you know what else you get, you get the guy that goes nuts and gasses himself out. Trying to finish a guy so hard and the guy just hangs on, ties him up, whatever. And then also the disabled's turn. And that typically what that is when they punch themselves out when they get too excited. They don't maintain the normal face in the normal face. And then they'll take normal face issues there. And apparently listening to this and there is a difference between normal face and then being aggressive in attacks, being offensive or whatever. So that's a good way. Well you can have normal face while you're being aggressive. Yeah, that's what I mean. Being aggressive doesn't mean you're getting all you're losing your composure. You're aggressively attacking while maintaining composure. Yeah. For sure. Yeah, so a lot of times in MMA where you see a guy, you know, boom, you got the other guy on the ropes and he maintains, you know, a guy getting too excited, you know, he risks punching himself out. If he doesn't connect or if the guy just doesn't go out, he can even get the guy. Okay, he's in the guy gets just super sloppy and gets caught. Exactly right because the guy is out of desperation or you know, you've seen that one. And I think the guy's in him is Scott. No, was it too light or maybe? Anyway, I forget. So he gets hit in the liver, I think. And it buckles up. And he's, you can tell all the fights over for this guy. And the other guy comes running in, hey, make her style, you know, like sloppy, but super aggressive. And he sneaks one in as the guy's getting knocks him out. And it looked like the fight was over for that guy. He lost his composure. Yeah. He didn't maintain normal face. Nope, not at all. He's way too excited and he got sloppy. He got excited face. Yes, exactly. Back to the book. Becoming the opponent means you should put yourself in an opponent's place and think from the opponent's point of view. But clearly. Letting go for hands is when you and an opponent are in a deadlock and no progress is being made in the fight. It means that when you think you're going to get into a deadlock, you stop right away and seize victory by taking advantage of a different approach. In large scale military science as well, if there's total deadlock and no progress is being made, there will be a loss of personnel. It is essential to stop right away and seize victory by taking advantage of a tactic unsuspected by the enemy. In individual martial arts, also if you think you're getting into a deadlock, then there's essential to immediately change your approach, ascertains the opponent's state and determine how to win by means of a very different tactic. This is something you see a lot. You see that in everything. In everything. You see it in war. You see it in jiu jitsu. You see it in fighting. You see it in business. People they get to a position and there's some comfort. There's some level of comfort. If you and I lock up and you're in my half guard and you're not really going to anywhere and I'm not going anywhere, you're not going anywhere. There's a level of comfort there. Like why should I take risk doing something else? And so we don't mind being deadlock. Now what's important about this is he saying as soon as you sense it, that's got to be the hard part. As soon as you sense there's a deadlock, that's when you should make the change because the longer I wait, the longer the more settled it becomes and the harder it is to break out of that. That deadlock. Move minutes so critical. Mental physical movement is so critical. That's why when something goes is going bad. Like let's say you're in a public place and something's going bad. A terrorist comes in and starts screaming. Shoot you. You move immediately. Your instinct is going to be to move immediately. What you don't want to do is freeze. Stop. Hold. Which is a very human instinct. It's a very human instinct to freeze and just take cover. Now. There's shooting going on, depending on the kind of shooting. If there's heavy machine gun fire, blah blah blah blah blah, like that, yes, you have to get down because it's going to be fine all over the place. If the bolts are slowly going, blah blah blah, that means someone's taking aim and shooting. So if you stay still, you're going to get shot. If you hear that steady pace, you go. If you go, you zigzag, you take cover. You then you bound to another position you move as fast as you can. can't. That quick movement when you before the deadlock settles in is when you want to do it. When someone's about to in a situation like a physical concentration, don't let it get there. Make a move before it gets there. Which you know, hopefully means you leave. You walk away. You know, before the guy bows up to you and starts getting in your face, you're already gone. Didn't even let it get there. Because now we're going to a situation where it's we're going to have to make something happen. And that's not good. Right? It's not going to be good. Sure. I kicked this, I kicked this goes out in the street. That's cool. And what's the other 14 alternatives? You got stabbed. You got arrested. You got you broke his neck. You're in prison. There's all kinds of bad ones. There's like one good out of 14, which is how I put the guy to sleep. And even that one. What are you getting out of that? He bled on you. And we don't know what kind of disease this guy has. You know, we've talked about that before, but the bottom line is try and be aware of when things are about to get stagnant. If you can change them then do it then. Yeah. It's so ultimately it comes down to being ready. Yeah. Yeah. And that's not even necessarily ready for anything specific. It just, you know, when you get caught off guard, it's like, oh, you got your mind has to explore all these options. It takes all this time. If you would have if you'd have just been aware, yeah. Awareness goes so far. I cut the video on on real martial arts. And you know, it started off by saying, hey, the best form of self-defense is the gun. But if you, if you, because think about it, if you have somebody that truly is in a high thread area, you know, you take a woman or an older person that doesn't have great physical strength and they're in a high thread area to tell them that, you know, learning jiu jitsu is going to be the best thing for them is wrong. Right. The best thing for them is to, in high thread area, is to have a weapon, a gun. That is the best thing to have. That truly will neutralize targets. So, but that, but what I didn't mention in that video, which I should have, is yes, the first thing is mental awareness. The first thing is like, oh, yeah, I'm aware of what's happening. I'm aware that I'm going into a high thread area. I'm going to go to another area. I'm going to drive around that area. That's the, oh, I see bad things going on on my side of the street and I'm going to walk across the street and avoid it. Early enough that I don't look like a victim. Because if you see, if a perpetrator sees you or a predator sees that you're avoiding them, then they think, oh, that's the person scared. There's a target for me. Yes, we can. Yeah, they're weak. That's why you got to be aware. So yes, you're 100% right. And when you walk into a building, you walk into a public place. You should be looking around. Where are the exits? Where is their cover? How fast can I get out of here? Yeah. That's what you should be doing. And if you have that predetermined, that it's not even like it takes that much effort, you just have to do it. You have to say, oh, I'm going into a high school graduation. And I'm going to sit in a spot where I'm close to the exit in this case. Somebody goes crazy. Because when is someone going to go crazy, we don't know. But they do. And so if you're close to the exit, you can get out of there quickly. Or you can at least flank the perpetrator and get rounds on them before anything really bad happens. Yeah. And you just compare that to the alternative of not knowing. Right. Or you know, you go in. You go, oh, this is a good seat. I'm able to see the graduation from this middle spot that has no cover and concealment anywhere around it. And when something goes sideways, I'm going to be one of the person's trapped in the mob trying to get out of this two doors while someone's shooting a machine gun, not good. So be aware of your surroundings is number one. And then when you see that thing happening act quickly, you know, you see something shady going on, move towards that exit. Movement is so key and being mentally prepared to make the movement, having that be a quick reaction instead of a delayed reaction and planning your situations like you're in a spot where you can move quickly, is critical. In large scale military science, when you cannot discern the enemy state, you pretend to make a powerful attack and see what they do. That's pretty cool. Right. I don't know what the person's not doing anything. I can't tell what they're going to do. Make a little attack on them. See how the two have to see how they react to it. And in GJ2, by the way, it's got to be a real attack. You can't fake an attack in GJ2. It's the person's weak. You have, I mean, like, not trained. Yeah, nervous. You need to give them a real attack. If I say, oh, I'm going to pretend to sweep echo, so I can expose his arm. If I pretend to sweep you, you won't even defend it. You don't have to. It's pretend. You don't have to defend against pretend things. I've actually got a try and sweep you that will expose your arm because you have to defend the sweep. So your attacks, I don't, I don't like to use the word pretend there because if you're pretending, well, even if even on the battlefield, I'm not going to pretend to flank you. I'm going to flank you. I'm going to flank you. And if you don't defend it, I'm going to win. If you defend it cool, now I get you from the other side. Yeah. It's kind of like on the movies and the war movies right there. They, they, they, they, they, they, they, they, they're around. I don't know. But you know how they have the girl, you know, walks. That's the, the, the decoy. So obviously the girl's not going to be in a war zone for sure. But you got to, you got to know that. Yeah. Watch out for that really good looking girl. The battle field. Yeah. Back to the book. If you demonstrate strongly to opponents, oh, this is good. If you demonstrate strongly to opponents, how you control the advantage, they will change their minds, inhibited by this strength. So if I'm dominating you on the G2 map and I'm just holding you across side, holding you across side, holding you across side, I've given away what I do to control you. Yeah. So now next time you're not going to let me get across side. You're going to panic. So or you're going to not panic, or you're going to dreadfully defend that position harder and you're going to sacrifice across side. Maybe you give it your back. Because you realize, hey, my back attacks aren't as good. And then now I'm not getting where I want to be. So if you demonstrate, you got to be careful. You can't be so dominant in what you're doing that everyone sees it or that your opponents sees it or that your competitor sees what you're doing. And then they can counter it. If you keep it somewhat obscured by smoke and mirrors so that they can't tell exactly how you're dominating. That's a positive thing. That's one of the drawbacks of having the same training partner, you know, because you're like, I'm training with Greg so much that we just sit in this weird, stalemated position so much at the time. And it's almost like it's and it's subconscious at this point. Of course, you're not worried about certain things now. Well, this goes back. What you need to do with him there is you need to do a void that position before you get to it. Yeah. Right. As you get to, you need to go, no, we're not going there. Yeah. Back to the book. There is infection in everything. Even sleepiness can be infectious. And a younging can be infectious. There is even infection of a time. In large scale military science, when adversaries are excited and evidently are in a hurry to act, you behave as though you are completely unfazed, giving the appearance of being thoroughly relaxed in that ease. Do this in the adversaries themselves are influenced by this mood, becoming less enthusiastic. When you think your opponents have caught that mood, you empty your own mind and act quickly and firmly thus gaining the winning advantage. In martial arts as well, it is essential to be relaxed in body and mind. Notice the moment and opponent slackens and quickly take the initiative to win. Now the reason I wanted to point that one out is for especially for people in police officers, bouncers, that's the de-escalation. Someone's getting all excited. If you get excited back at them, you're just escalating the situation at calm, calm then down. Don't let them. They want you to get riled up. Like that drunk guy, that domestic violent situation, they want you. They want to fight. They want to lash out. You get to them. They're going to take it. In large scale military science, it is essential to cause upset. It is critical to attack reasonably where enemies are not expecting it. Then while their minds are unsettled, use this to your advantage to take the initiative and win. There is fright in everything. This means being frightened by the unexpected. In individual martial arts, you can threaten by means of your body. You can threaten by means of your sword. You can threaten by means of your voice. What is essential is to suddenly make a move totally unexpected by the opponent. Pick up on the advantage of the fright and seize victory right then and there. This must be worked out thoroughly. This is whenever I catch Dean. Whenever I catch Dean, I catch him only by surprise. If he knows what I'm doing, he stops it. The only time I catch him is by surprise. He'll say, oh man, I did not expect an armlock there. For a while ago, I was a commirac, a commirac, a commirac, a commirac, a commirac, a commirac, a he got so good at defending commirac. I wasn't hitting it in one day, boom, through an armlock. I did that to you a couple of days ago. You said the exact same thing. Yeah, I thought they must have been in the heck out of that commirac. Then boom. Straight armlock. That and what got you was just surprise. Surprise because your defense is solid on what you see. It's those things that you don't see. That which you cannot defend. I mean, that, especially when you get advance, that is the whole of Jiu Jitsu right there. Setting up. That's a prop. Although. Like there's times where Dean, I know exactly what he's going to do. And he's doing it with such methodical perfection that I did not stop it. Yeah. And that is so bothersome. Even that kind of, and this is totally splitting hairs. But even that in a way, he might have little micro surprises, you know, to establish the position. Getting the skin to the position. He definitely does that. Yeah. But once he's in a position, and I know, it's a matter of fact, it'll be telling me. It'll be telling me. Well, you know, it's coming to our company. I wish you could stop this. It's actually sad that you can't. It'll be talking so much smack to me, which obviously is even more frustrating. Yeah. But that's because he's better than me. I do Jitsu, right? He's just got the skills. And he knows, he does know, he knows how to do those movements with such a forady and precision that you're just, you're just in trouble. Yeah. You know, he does this one through. He calls it like the arresting officer. He'll start talking to me like he's like he's a cop. And he'll be going, he'll be saying, Sir, just calm down, just calm down, sir. And he's got me face down like I'm getting arrested. And he does that weird Camaro. And he's, you know, he just he says, he'll say, look at the wall over there. And I'm trying not to look where he's and he even like force my face. Yeah. It's it's humiliating. That's why when either one of us, and we're at a point in the Jitsu now, where if either one of us get in our dominant position, the other person, we, we're going to make them suffer immensely. And he's got more dominant, you know, if I get across side on him, he's in trouble. And if I get him on all fours, he's in trouble. He's I'm going to make him suffer in both those positions straight up. I might not submit him, but he's going to suffer. And he's got those two positions the same thing like if he's across side of me or he's a phenomenal force, he'll make me suffer. But also he has the mount. If he mounts me, I suffer. Yeah. But brutally, because I'm looking at him, which is even more horrible. You know that he will literally drip sweat into my eyes purposefully. Yeah. Yeah. You know, if he's in the mount, he'll sit there and aim, sweat, drop, coming off his nose and hit me in the eye. Yeah. That's it, Ben. And tell me, you know, Chinese water torture. Like as soon as he amount me, he's like Chinese water. If he's sweating, if we're already warmed, Chinese water torture. And I'm saying, Dean, I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. Enjoy this. And when I get him on. That's what makes the as you just so fun. The game within the game. Yeah. Crazy. Back to the book, flustering opponents means acting in such a way as to prevent them from having a steady mind. In large skill military science, this means that you assess adversaries, minds on the battlefield and use the power of your knowledge of the art of water manipulate their attention, making them think confusing thoughts about what you're going to do. It means finding a rhythm that will fluster adversaries accurately discerning where you can win. In individual martial arts as well, you try various maneuvers according to the opportunity of the moment, making the opponent think you are now going to do this. Now that now something else until you find the opponent starting to get flustered and thus you win that will. This is the essence of battle. It should be studied carefully. So clearly make your fluster in your opponent on the battlefield in business wherever you are in conversations. You're trying to get someone fluster. Fluster obviously in GJitsu. When you start getting flustered, you're doing your duke. In the context of large skill combat mixing, means that when two groups are facing off and your opponents are strong, you attack one of the opponents flanks as if to mix with them. Then when you see the opponents crumble, you leave off and attack again where they are strong. Flanking always mountain and sea means that it's bad to do the same thing over and over again. You may have to repeat something once but it should not be done a third time. When you try something on an opponent, if it does not work the first time, you will not get any benefit out of rushing to do it again. Change your tactics abruptly, doing something completely different. If that still does not work, then try something else. Thus the science of martial arts involves the presence of mind to act and see where the enemy is like a mountain and act as a mountain when the enemy is like a sea. This requires careful reflection. What's interesting about this is you actually, there is a benefit if you in GJitsu and on the battlefield, if you try something and you see the reaction, now you know the reaction. If you try to get if you automatically counter the reaction, that's a great setup. Dean will do three times, he'll do something three times, he'll go once fake, once fake. If he doesn't do the third time, he won't do it. Which is a great rule to have because now that person is thought, oh they're setting this up. But yeah, so sometimes it's good to try something, you see the defenses and now you can attack with those defenses understood. Which is beneficial. So you can go for a GJ, but the way you went for the GJ team can change a lot too, you know. I won't try it from this very exact position, two three times. I'll go one, didn't work, maybe I'll try it again. Obviously didn't work, he's good at defending from there. Maybe you'll do something else, something else, and then come back to it. You know those guys, you got it, you got it. That's a great point. If I try a GJ, you know, and then I try it again, you already know it's like if I try one on you, it's tight close, but you get out, you're defending it like crazy. Now you're not even going to let me get it again. I got an attack 14. I got attack multiple other things. Probably around five or six other things before I come back to the GJ team. I'm going to get it deep next time. Right? Because I know you got good defense, right? I'm going to go a little extra. Yeah, you're going to set it up differently. You know those guys are really good at triangles. Yeah, I'll just fly them out anywhere. Yeah. So all that is is it's the same thing where they'll go for a triangle and sure you can even be like, yeah, I know this guy's good at triangles. So I'm going to defend the triangle. So you know how to defend the triangle, but you're not as good. So you're used to defending the triangle from from the art. Yeah, that's it. Meanwhile, this guy's doing some half-guard thing to sweep you here. If when you base to sweep, he's going for that triangle, you know. So he knows it from everywhere. So it's the same eventuality, but the way he approaches it's different. So it's like attacking this mountain. We're not going to go up this street in the front of the mountain. We're going to try the front. Okay, defend it. We're going to try from the side. Okay, defend it. We're going to try from the side here. Then go to the front. Then go to the other side. And then get on airborne. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Back to the book. When fighting with enemies, if you get to feeling snorled up and are making no progress, you toss your mood away and think in your heart that you are starting everything to do. As you get the rhythm, you discern how to win. This is becoming a new. Anytime you feel tension and friction building up between yourself and others, if you change your mind that very moment, you can prevail by the advantage of radical difference. This is becoming new. So sometimes you guys gotta put your attitude in check. Right? I was the reason that I thought about that. I thought about that in terms of, from leadership perspective, dealing with people. The minute, you know, view and iron, a meeting and all of a sudden I start feeling that friction, I'm, I should need to recognize I'm doing something wrong. I'm creating friction. I'm not making progress. Need to start a new. Need to take a different approach. You need to realize that early when you're dealing with other human beings. The more I continued down the bad approach that wasn't working, the harder it is to back out of. So we start sensing that bad approach. Go a different direction. Yeah. When you are fighting, advertisers and get to feeling startup in petty maneuvers, remember this rule of military science, while in the midst of the minutia, suddenly you shift to a large perspective. Changing to great or small is an intentional part of the science of the art of war. It is essential for warriors to seek this even in the ordinary consciousness of human life. This mentality is critical to military science, whether large or small scale. This concern should be given careful consideration. So this is detachment. You have to detach. You can't get caught in the minutia and you also can't get caught in the large scale. You have to be able to see both of them. When you feel like you've spent too much time in one, time to back out and see the other one. When you start feeling bogged down, step back, step back, take the large perspective. Let me ask you this. Your obviously well versed in a lot of detachment. For example, do you conduct your everyday life just that? Just before fronting your mind? I mean, I'm not saying you're detached all the time, but you know, you'll detach it just a split second when you have to do anything. Is it that available? No, actually I'm more often I'm observing myself. The whole time. No, this is weird because sometimes people say, you don't even enjoy your life and that's not true. You come to jujitsu with me? I'm having fun. I'm actually so detached doing jujitsu, but I'm in the Zen mindset, my mind is not even there. That's very pleasurable for you. But I'm not detached when I'm playing with my eight-year-old daughter. I'm not detached when I'm, you know, hanging out with my family, not in this big detachment mode, but if I'm dealing with one of my kids and one of my kids did something that shouldn't have done or I'm attached then, yes, absolutely. Absolutely. When I'm dealing with a client and, you know, they're having issues with something. I'm detached, you know, a client starts getting mad at another client and I'm there. I'm detached. You know, that's one of the benefits of a vessel on front is actually on front when we come into work with a company where we're defacted detached and they're always caught up in these crazy situations. These companies, well, not all of them, but even a company that's doing well, they've got things that they don't see because they're in the fight. They're in the tactical battlefield. They're getting after it. They got sales, they got to do, they got numbers, they got to reach, they got all these things going on. They got goals, they got raises that they're doing, they got all these things happening and they're in it. So when we come in, we aren't attached. It's just inherent in what we're doing and it's very beneficial because we're detached from a leadership perspective and that's what we're looking at. So some companies might come in and they're detached but they're not there to look at the leadership, they're looking at the finances. They're there to look at the process. You know, a lot of companies need help with their process and that's cool. There's companies that there's consulting companies that come in and look at process. There's consulting companies that come in and look at finance. Where consulting companies that comes in and looks at leadership and what we have is we've been doing it for so long. Not just in the military, the business world that when we come into attached, we can vary all this for us to what's happening because we've seen it before. We've seen it before. And in those cases, when you're quote unquote outwork, you know, what imaginance, easy to just come, but like what I'm saying is just your everyday life, you know, you talk about like with your kids or something like that, is it easy to to boom, detach at a moment, notice or is it the kind of okay, I think I'm not a detached. I think I'm conditioned to the point that when things start to escalate, I automatically detach. Yeah, yeah, like when I see something, you know, if I see, let's say a lifeguard situation, you're on the bottom of the beach or I'm down at the ocean and I see a lifeguard situation, something happening. Yeah. I instantly detach and I'm looking around. I'm seeing where the where positions are. I'm seeing what we can do to help. Well, I'm instantly detached. Whereas a lot of people are not detached at all. Oh my god, this is right. Instantly detached. Completely. Yeah. That's the kind of such or even, you know, if there's an escalation in the household of some kind raised voices or whatever, which is not, honestly, there's not a lot in my house. But if there is, it's an instant detachment for me. It's an instant right here. My kid yelling, you know, maybe raising his voice to my wife, it's instantly, it's not, it's not, why is that kid doing notes? Okay. Boom, I'm detached. I'm going into final world's going on. Yeah. That's very, I think I've conditioned to myself to be like that. And I think that's why I always talk about you got to have those red flags. You got to identify what it is that you do is a human that makes you realize you're escalating, too. Yeah. That's what you're going to watch out for. Yeah. Yeah. It really seems like that's like the goal, you know, to make it, to have it be just like a young condition. Yeah. To have it conditioned into your brain that when you, when things are escalating around you, it's a warning that flashes, you just go detached. Oh, I'm about to film that. Yeah. What, you know, like, like, you know, we'll be walking down the street, there'll be some kind of a situation in the street. It's instant detached. It's instant, all right, what's going on? Where's the cops? Where's the cars? You know, it's, it's, that's all the time. Yeah. Because really, the, the default I think for, you know, your average person is, it's not like, okay, what's the scenario? What's the problem to be solved? How do I solve it? It's more, how do I feel about this? You know, now that we're thinking about it, I bet. So I was, when I was training, I was, I spent time in the training department of COT1 training cell when I was part of cadre. I tell you. Yeah. And, and there. And then obviously I ran the training for the West Coast seals when I was at trade debt. And in both, well, this, this may have really helped me because in both those situations, I was an instructor. So therefore, while we would throw these hard problems at people, I would be, once again, de facto, I am detached because I'm not in the Paltoon that's going through the training. So I am detached. And so I always got to see how much more you can see when you are detached. So as I learned that over the years and solve and over again, that I could even when I was a young seal in, in cadre at COT1, we would, I'm seeing there as an E5 seal, you know, an enlisted seal, a mountain charge of anything, but I'm watching the situation unfold. And I can see what the solution is. And the, and the, and the Paltoon chief can't see it. And he's more experienced than I am. He can't see it because he's in it. And so I would always just say, well, I'm just all I need to do is just step back. See what I used to be able to see when I was an instructor. Easy. Boom. So I probably got to train my detachment by actually not being in participating, but watching be like if you sat around and watched Street fights up. Like as a balancer, as a balancer, you're sober, you're seeing it day and day out. Eventually, the longer that when you first became a balancer, there was a fight where you detached at all. No, you probably weren't. You're probably, there's a fight going on. And then the more experience you got, the more level headed you got, you can always tell a good balancer when they, you know, they can come in, they can take a children knock it. They're not escalating themselves. They're detached. So you probably achieved some of that as well. Yeah, fully. Yeah, it's almost like you recognize just over and over again where the advent or the beneficial position is. And it's outside. It's not inside. It's for mentally. Yeah, it's outside your own head, not inside your own head. Yeah. Yeah. That's good man. That's the goal right there. It is. Because I'm in. Yeah. Back to the book, military science involves knowledge of the methods of other schools. Unless you know the ways of other schools, you certainly cannot understand the way of mind-evisual school. God, understand your enemy, God, understand other methods, God, understand the way other people are doing things. There are some other schools that are fond of extra long swords. From the point of the martial art, I see them as a weak school. At times, when you are engaged in the opponent at close quarters, the longer sword, the longer your sword is, the harder to strike with it. You cannot swing the sword back and forth enough and it becomes a burden. Then you are in a worse situation than someone wielding a small sidearm sword. In the context of large military science, the extra long sword is the large contingent. A shorter one is a small contingent. Is it battle between a small contingent and a large contingent impossible? There are many examples of a small contingent winning over a large contingent. Thus, in my individual school, there is a version to narrow biased attitude. This calls for careful examination. So yes, just like with a longer sword, the harder it is to maneuver with a smaller sword, it is easier to maneuver. If you take a big giant element with you on the battlefield, it is harder to maneuver. If you take a smaller, in the business world, you set up your company, this is a large business, it is going to be less maneuverable. If you break it into smaller teams that are more maneuverable, could be very beneficial. So you should have an version towards biased attitudes. Back to the book, if you slashed with unreasonable force when you are going to kill someone, intended to deal a powerful blow of the sword, you will not be successful. Even when you are making a test cut on a dummy or something, it is wrong to try to deliberately slash powerfully. When facing an enemy in mortal combat, nobody thinks of striking weakly or powerfully when one thinks of killing each other. When one only thinks of killing the other, there is no sense of strength, and of course no sense of weakness. One only thinks of the death of the enemy. And I like that because, obviously we see this in martial arts when somebody is trying to knock the opponent out with every swing that they take and they miss all of them. They are winding up and they are caligraphing and it just doesn't work. The way you knock someone out is bus keeping your tight combos together and throwing them. And in the business world, what I see is when people try and lead. Again, this is so strange, but leader's supposed to be powerful, right? And sometimes people lead with too much power. And they lead with so much force that they are missing what's happening. They are missing the nuances of the people that they are leading and they are taking away the power from the people that they are trying to lead. Yeah, is it like how they might be focusing too much on being powerful? Yeah, they might be focusing too much on being powerful. They might be focusing on too much on being the leader. Right? Right? Right. Now we get all into the spectrum here. Some people aren't leading enough, right? That's horrible. Some people are leading too much, which means they are turning into a micromanager or they are overbearing and they are not getting feedback from people. So with both those, if you are trying to lead so hard, another thing that happens you see people trying to do is they are chasing the target, which is something we say from shooting, where they are basically shooting, where they are last round wet. Well, you see people that are in leadership positions, they are trying so hard to be the leader they want, they get feedback and they adjust and they get feedback again, they adjust again, so they are trying so hard to do a good job, that they are actually failing. They are actually failing because they are trying too hard to make people happy, they are trying too hard to adapt to what people are the feedback that they are getting and like what are your principles? Okay? The principles of your leadership shouldn't change and the principles of the goals that you are trying to accomplish, they shouldn't be changing day to day, so why would your little tactics be strange change in day to day? Now you are moving all over the place, so I will sometimes people lead too hard. Gotta be careful that one. Careful consideration. Yes. This should be examined carefully. In the course of struggle for victory by military science, you win by disrupting others defenses, by making moves opponents do not expect by confusing opponents or irritating them, or scaring them, sensing the pattern of the rhythm when the opponents get mixed up to sees victory. Clear. Distraction. The focus of the eyes depends on the school. There are those who fix their eyes on the opponent's swords. And there are those who fix their opponents, fix their eyes on the opponent's hands. There are those who fix their eyes on the opponent's face, and there are those who fix their eyes on the opponent's feet, and so on. When you try to fix your eyes on some particular point, there is a sense of distraction in this becomes what is known as an affliction in martial arts. Generally speaking, the focus of the eyes in martial arts is on the hearts and minds of the people involved. We need to understand people. We need to understand human nature to lead and to fight and to win. In my martial art, there is no change in footwork. It is just like walking along a road as usual, following the rhythm of the opponent, finding the right physical position in conditions of both hurry and calm. The stride should be orderly without slack or excess. This is when I was at brand new seal. And one of my favorite awesome instructors that was putting, I think we were one of the cadre when I was going through. But he's the first guy that I heard say running to your death. But when he would move, he was an extreme. He's probably one of the best shooters in the seal teams, as far as pistol, rifle, combat shooting. He was definitely one of the best. And when he would move through a building, he would just be moving at the steady pace. And it was just the most awesome thing. It's faster than a walk, but it's definitely not a run and it's smooth. And he would give us little examples of how effective it was and how you needed to move that way. And that's exactly what this reminded me of. It's like good pace, solid pace, and you just steady. Back to the book. When you master an art or science, your performance does not appear to be fast. The performance of an expert seems relaxed, but does not leave any gaps. The actions of trained people do not seem rushed. The Jeff Glover, when you're watching him, the word that always comes to my mind is smooth. And he's going fast, but it looks so smooth. And it is fast, lightning fast, but it's so smooth. My way of teaching martial arts is to have beginners learn and practice those techniques that are easily mastered. First, teaching them the principles that they will readily understand. As for those things that their minds have a hard time reaching, I observe the understanding of the individual. Subsequently, teaching them deeper principles gradually step by step. So you start teaching people things that they understand. Accordingly in transmitting my science, I do not care for written pledges or articles of penalties. Observing the intellectual power of students teaching them a straight path, having them abandoned in the bad aspects of the five ways or the six ways of martial arts so that they naturally enter into the real science of warriors causing their minds to be free from doubt. This is the way I teach martial arts. Thurk training and practice for necessary. So this reminds me of all the clickbait articles that are out there. That's say, in fact, we made a funny video that said the one thing you need to do to change. And it was, it's clickbait. Because you see those all the time. I was looking at a website the other day or a social media feed the other day from one of those websites. Every, I kind of like 14 in a row of the articles that were posted were five things that every CEO does. Seven steps to, you know, this and four because those are just clickbait people like, oh cool, that's cool. They're broken it down into four things. I can easily understand. Yeah. Click. I'm going to click on that. Let's do it. And now I can be now I can achieve, you know, whatever. If I let anything know, I don't have to work in the one after work. And just do this for the list. Bro, you're good. So that's some stuff you kind of watch out for. Click on those things. But you know what, that's what people do. They're interested. Seven ways of Navy SEAL. Bob, Bob, they did that. They've done that with some of mine. They took, they took the dichotomy of leadership. And they made it into an article. It was like 12 things every leader. Navy SEALs, 12 things every leader needs to charactercer something like that. They broke it down like that. They've done that with actually quite a few things that we've done. They've they've changed it from, you know, the dichotomy of leadership, which is a concept, right? It's a concept. And there are some examples of the concept. But that's the one that they turned into like a cartoon. Really got me in all these weird different outfits. Have you seen that? They got me like a salmon colored sports jacket. And they got me on one of them. I'm dressed like Sherlock Holmes. I'm serious. This exists. Wait, is the video? No, it's like it's a cartoon. I guess is what you call, but it's an article. It's business insider. It's an article that's got this cartoons of me. And it's saying the 12, I think it's the 12 characteristics every leader needs to follow. But they took the dichotomy of leadership, which is a concept of which I give examples in the book of how this concept applies. But they just said, no, it's not a concept. It's these are the 12 things. You, we don't want to concept. That might be too hard to understand. Don't want to click on that. Yeah. Got to click on those things. Yeah. Well, in their defense, it is more like what do you call it? dichotomy. Oh, for sure. For sure. No, I, I totally understand what they're doing. And you know what? If it gets someone, which is their goal is to get people to read it. And if someone reads it and goes, okay, that's a cool. I understand there's a concept. Beyond it, yeah, credit, good job. They are, but, but what we see is people that are doing it. And they're actually their purpose is to get the click and they're not actually trying to introduce people to something more deep than that. There's something deeper than that. They're just trying to get them to click on that and feel good for the next 30 seconds. They go, man, I'm going to definitely do those four steps. Three things to do to incinerate belly fat. Yeah. There you go. There you go. There's another one. Incineration. I like it. Very powerful. Back to the book. In my individual school, there is no such thing as a distinction between initiatory and inner lore about the long sword. So that is awesome. And what he's saying is, there's no difference between what you learn in the beginning and what you learn in the end. It's the same. I was talking about that with life today. The concepts are the concepts. Mm-hmm. The concepts are the concepts and what you learn in the beginning about combat, they stay true. And that's why we're reading a book from 1643 that's telling you to take the high ground. Yeah. That's why. Because what you get introduced to the true concepts, they remain constant. Do the tactics change, sure? Do we get radios? Do we get night vision? Do we get long range weapons? Yes, of course we get all those things, but the principles, the fundamental principles, the combat leadership, they don't change. There is, back to the book of there is no such thing as the ultimate guard. It is only a matter of understanding. It's effective qualities in your heart and mind. This is what is essential to martial arts. So I think it's so important. And I've always tried to maintain this. This is that there is no perfect thing. There is no perfect thing. And I've said this about GJ2. I mean, I always get pigeonholed as a GJ2. Like, oh, Jocquo thinks GJ2 is the best thing in the world. Yeah. When I will readily and have always readily admitted the many weaknesses of GJ2. I happen to love GJ2 as a thing to do as a hobby. And I also do think it is the best place to start your self defense journey. But then you absolutely have to learn how to wrestle. You absolutely have to learn how to box. You absolutely have to learn some moi tie. And beyond that, you have to start learning weapons. You have to learn how to show all those things are important. And with GJ2, same thing, even inside of GJ2, I don't look at him. Say, there's a one way to do it. The minute you say, there's a one way. You're getting flanked. You're getting flanked. Back to the book. This is now we're getting the last scroll here, the scroll of emptiness. Warriors learn military science accurately. And go on to practice the techniques of martial arts diligently. The way that is practiced by warriors is not obscure in the least without any confusion in mind, without slacking off at any time, polishing the mind and attention, sharpening the eye that observes and the eye that sees. One should know real emptiness as the state where there is no obscurity and the clouds of confusion have cleared away. So you hear like the talking about the empty mind and all that, really good definition of what that is, no obscurity and the clouds of confusion have gone away. What they call that the mooch in my musha? I don't know. I don't know. I won't like that, but I don't know what it is right now. I call monkey mind actually, is what I've always called. But just... Back to the book, knowing that mentality, taking straight forwardness as basic, taking the real mind as the way, practicing martial arts in the broadest sense, thinking correctly, clearly and comprehensively, taking emptiness as the way you see the way as emptiness. In emptiness there is good but no evil. Wisdom exists, logic exists. The way exists, mind is empty. 12 May 1645. And that's how he wraps it up. And about a month later and about a week before he died, which is on the 13th of June 1645 he wrote his final piece, which is called the dacodot, which translates to the path of a looneness, or the way to go forth alone, or the way of walking alone, or the way to be followed alone. I found all those different translations. And all those titles, one thing that comes through clearly is that this is a piece about a set of system, which is a great word. Then you hear a lot in religious philosophies and it means severe self-discipline and avoidance of all forms of indulgence. That's what a set of system is. And so here he's got these 21 rules. These 21 rules to walk this path of a looneness in where to go through. One except everything just the way it is. That's pretty simple and it's pretty damn powerful. Two, do not seek pleasure for its own sake. Three, do not under any circumstances depend on a partial feeling. Four, think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world. That's called humility. Five, be detached from desire your whole life long. And that's hard to do. And there's one of my, if I had to pick a favorite poet beside Shakespeare, but there's another guy named William Blake who is a poet and he was a painter and he printed things and he was a study demecalge. Didn't like a lot of stuff I studied in college, but I liked William Blake. And one of the things that when I read that line, I thought about something that William Blake had said, and this is a totally contrary to that. Listen to this, those who restrain desire do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained. I'm not even going to take a side on that one. I'm going to let Musashi and William Blake figure that one out. I think he got a balance those two. I guess I just took a side. Should I know I didn't, I went right in the middle of the balance. I'm about the balance. Six, do not regret what you have done. Seven, never be jealous. Boom, by the way. Eight, never let yourself be saddened by a separation. Nine, resentment and complaint are appropriate neither for oneself or others. We're going to like plants around here. Ten, do not let yourself be guided by the feeling of lust or love. Now, people could obey that one, especially between the ages of 16 and 25. You solve all kinds of problems for self in your life. 11. In all things have no preferences. Think about that. Think about that. Think about everything that you deal with on a daily day basis. You try and not have preferences. 12. Be indifferent to where you live. That's tough one for me. Kind of like San Diego. Do not pursue the taste of good food. Kind of a challenging one. Maybe he wasn't around rib eyes, but he was around sushi. But I'll tell you what, the fasting thing is I've been like just getting after some fast lately. It feels so good. It feels so good. It's something asked me on Twitter the other day. Do you ever not scratch an itch just to work on your discipline? And I was like, oh yeah, who doesn't do that, right? But there is something cool about the fasting, the control, the discipline is pretty cool. It's it's it's pretty cool. And it feels rewarding. It feels rewarding. Every time you say, I don't really need to eat that whenever that thing is. But like I'm not going to die, I can make it to this evening when I'm going to eat a nice big dinner. There's something good about that. There's something rewarding. Yeah, a couple of ways for sure. That each thing I've done that before, like actually a lot of times just to see not because one would see a tough I can be with not scratching the edge, but just to see like what's going to happen to the edge? Do you know, you usually get scratched and that's it. Like what's going to happen though if I just let it go? Maybe your arm will grow with yeah, but I found this two different things. One thing that happens is that it simply goes away. And the other one ultimately, they both go away. But the other one is like, it gets crazy. The point where you get, right like a mosquito bite. Oh, yeah. That's a little different. Yeah, but still it's an inch though. But the inch just gets like deeper and it's crazy. But it goes away. Yeah discipline discipline. 14 do not hold on two possessions you no longer need. Again, the original minimalists here. Yeah. I need to get minimalists with some like old t-shirts. Make way for the one. God, those old t-shirts. No, like I don't do jitter t-shirts from 1997 competition. I don't want to throw that away. You're a little sledge of mandalini. I want that thing. Yeah, just keep you at new one. You know, let's not get rid of all of this is an interesting one. Number 15 do not act following customary beliefs. So here's a guy, you know, from the Samurai tradition steeped in tradition. He's like, don't act, but this customary beliefs. Yeah. Have it open mind. Yeah. Do not collect weapons or practice weapons beyond what is useful. Well, some of us like weapons. Yes. Do not fear death. Number 17 do not fear death. That's affirmative. Number 18 do not seek to possess either goods or fifths beyond your old age or four year old age. Makes sense, right? 19 respect Buddha and the gods without counting on their help without counting on their help. Seems like a good move. Number 20 you may abandon your own body, but you must preserve your honor. Indeed, and number 21 never stray from the way. And that's some incredible guides. And so much of it is so simple. And yet so powerful. And it's from 1645. And what struck me the most about this, these 21 rules is that he wrote them on his deathbed. And the suspicion of the died of some kind of cancer, which had rapidly weakened him. And this is what he wrote on his deathbed. You wrote about not, you wrote about not letting desires control you book and control your desires. You wrote not about gaining more possessions but reading yourself of them. You wrote about not being the center of the world, but being humble, being in the world. And then he wrote as a warrior not about fighting things, but accepting them. And he wrote about controlling his feelings. And all those rules, what they're about is they're about discipline. And discipline, and in his final days after this incredible life that he lived, he knew it was discipline that would set him free from those clouds of confusion. And I think we should probably all pay attention to that. And I think that's all we've got from Musashi for tonight until we get to episode 100, where we'll be covering the novel Musashi, which I was reading it the other night. And there's a reason why we're going to cover it. I think it's the first novel we're going to cover. Vectadis, there's no we haven't covered any novels. The way the warrior kids novel. But there's the first novel we would cover. Everyone thought myself included that the first novel we would cover would be Blood Meridian, which is also historically based novel. I'm still not ready for Blood Meridian. I'm still not ready for Blood Meridian. I'm reading it over and over again, chunks of it. And it's deep. And it's so, the first novel will be Musashi. And we're going to learn a lot from that one. And I'm going to start with the same opening we started with today. Sure. That opening, that opening is just legit, isn't it? It is. When you read that opening, the whole world's gone crazy. A man one might as well be a dead leaf floating in the autumn breeze, he's laying in piles of corpses. That's how you kick off a novel. We can learn a lot. We can always learn a lot from the past. And speaking of learning things. Is there anything that you could teach us quickly? Sure. If anyone wants to learn how to support this podcast. Yeah, of course. When you say quickly, you're going to just talk in a fast pace or keep it turned. A bolt. A little bit of bolt. I'm not trying to truncate it. You know, you're gig. You don't want me to rush per se. I don't want you to rush. But I don't want to be here much longer. Don't do a hilly valley. Yes, I got you. All right, we'll just talk about on it. I feel that's the best way to start. I went to Hawaii. Yeah, story. That's right. I went to Hawaii. I went to Koi. Forgot my cruel oil. Ruff deal. Swarm over there. So not too bad. And a lot of the work out. So I was doing were pretty like light. So it was less of a factor. But when I came home next day, I walked down stairs strangely because in Hawaii you do a lot of, you know, walking on the beach. All this stuff. I'm dragging my kids around in this wagon. So it's weird. You feet get a workout. So I'm walking down the stairs today. My feet are all stiff. Anyway, no, krill oil. Boom. Back on the krill oil back home. Oh, good. So point there being. Don't stop taking your krill oil. You will feel it. Look, it's not a detrimental thing. Well, for me, it's not an eye can't speak for everybody. It could be detrimental if you stop. You know, like your joints being stiff. All of a sudden I think a detrimental might affect other people. Definitely not your feet apparently. Yeah, yeah, in my case for sure. Oh, krill oil is for your joints. I get mine on it. Jock will get his gets his on it on it. It is the most reputable place to get it. We'll make a three for your joints. Also, what else do we need to get after it? If you're going high in Tennessee, if you're going high performance for yourself, I'm not saying Olympic athlete necessarily. I'm not saying not Olympic athlete necessarily. Shroom tech sport. Yep. Keep you in the yellow and the green. It doesn't allow you to go in the red. That's how it feels. That's my best way to sum it up. Like if you have another round, let's say you're on your last set of like, I don't know. Do you get to or something hard? Or you're doing circuit training. You got to do one more round. This one will get you there without going into the red. It's called Shroom tech sport. Do it. Let's you utilize your oxygen consumption into your muscles better. One more efficiently. It's way better. Also, you know, good way to do that is when you breathe with your diaphragm from what I read, you uptake 10% more oxygen. Remember that next time you're breathing. I'm going to breathe. Also, you know, breathing exercises. I thought breathing exercises were like, oh, these yogis. They're just doing breathing exercises. You know, like, I know how to breathe. I was breathing when I was born. I know how to breathe. There's something. Some odd years of breathing experience. I know. But those things. I got an experience breathing. They're up there. You experience breathing. And holding my breath, I'm all that stuff. You know, what you're from. Go like. Hey, man. You know, you got to jump in the water. Everyone's so don't want to swim underneath it. Anyway, when you breathe those muscles, that you know, I mean, that help you breathe and your, you know, your ribs and your diaphragm. Like if those are strong, you can breathe better. True. Just saying that's don't neglect that. So the breathing exercise people respect. But chemically, if you want, you know, better oxygen, uptake, true, and tech sport. That's the one. Krill oil, alpha brain for your brain. I can't go into the normal science of it right now. But you can. If you want, just go to the website on a dot com. And if you want 10% off of any of this stuff, go on it dot com slash jacco. Now don't think that alpha brain, shroom tech sport and Krill oil are the only things on there because there's, I, I'm tempted to say literally, I don't really overuse it word literally. Do you want to know if you don't? Yeah, approved. Use it. Yeah. So I'm going to say borderline literally there's stuff for anything on there. Like if you need supplementation for something, there's even work out equipment on there. Like good stuff, too. I don't think you'll find like a like dumbbells though. No, there's no. Because that's not re, you know, you can get dumbbells anywhere. Yes. Go to Amazon for dumbbells. And speaking of Amazon, actually just so I'm clear though, if you want 10% off this stuff, there is there is a lot of cool stuff. And they even have normal like workout stuff, but the cooler version of it. Like how I always mention that the kettlebells kettlebells are cool in it of themselves. And beyond the coolness, they're one of the best exercise equipment equipment. Pieces of equipment exactly right. I'm in for you. Right. Did um, he's called clean and press right. Yeah. The kettlebells. Yes. Unless you use your legs then it's a jerk. All right. Yeah. This split. Okay. So boom, clean press and then boom right to burpy. So I go 65, 65, met con just go eight minutes. Boom. Many as you can. I wasn't focusing on as many as I can. I was trying to go for like seven sets. Oh, okay. I lost count of the sets. It was the first time I was doing it. My son he's nine months old, by the way. He's crawling around. I can't be flying the kettlebells and landing on his anything. No, he's not even landing on the baby with the kettlebells. Exactly right. So I lost none of the last point is a lost count. When I was done, eight minutes, 30 something. That's what it was. Good work up. Meckon. Boom. Anyway. So if you do kettlebells, go to on it. Look at their kettlebells. Tell me what you think. That's all I'm going to say. Anyway, on it dot com slash jockel get 10% off on there. Back to Amazon. Amazon click through. If you like these books, what is this? Musashi, of course. Yeah. Musashi book of five rings and Musashi the novel by E. G. Yoshi Kawah. Yeah. And what that has to do with Amazon is we have all these books listed on our website in the book section. Top menu books on the podcast. Click there. There in order. Buy episode. Click on there, taking an Amazon. Amazon link. Boom. You get the book. That supports the podcast. And any other shopping you may or may not want to do. Boom. Click through the link. Good to go. It's for support goes. Small action. Huge reaction. I know I haven't said it in a while. I'm going to say it. What else is there? Small action. Huge reaction. Chemically. Physical change. Chemical change. Tell me. Are you asking me? Yes. I'm not going to answer you to say it. All right. Well, I know you know and everyone else may or may not know, but if you don't, the answer is sodium metal. When you put it in water, it's a small piece of sodium. I learned the same 10th grade chemistry. Put it in water. See what happens. Explodes. Same thing. And you click through the website for your Amazon stuff, the books or whatever. Duck tape, all that stuff. Also, good way to support. Subscribe to the podcast. That's on all of these things. iTunes of course, Stitcher, Google Play, all the podcasting providing platforms. Subscribe. Good way to support. Leave a review. Reviews are good. Yeah. Appreciate their reviews. You have very much so it's fun. Like when I don't get bored. But when I'm compelled to read the reviews, I can be very fun to read. I probably read yours if you love one. I like to read yours. If anyone that's left review, I've read it. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's like 1300 or something. 1400. Yeah. But I didn't read them all at once. I read them like once every three, four days or if I'm getting ready to record the podcast, I'll go on there and see if there's any points to take into account. Yeah, the good thing about and these are iTunes reviews that they're reading. Yeah. Yeah. The good thing about iTunes reviews are they're like quality. And I don't mean like, oh, I'll necessarily good or whatever. It's in quality. Like you can tell someone's like, okay, here's my review. Here's my legit review. Yeah. Even if they're getting nuts with the review. And you're actually helping too because when you write a review and you kind of let people know what's up with it, what's up with the podcast, then they go, oh, this sounds like something I should listen to. If they listen to it, maybe they'll get some out of it, it spreads the word. So it does help. Yeah. And let's face it. You get more people following any of these dislinials. Freedom, you know, making the world better place. Straight up. Let's face it. You get a room of 10 people. You get one guy doing ex-exhibiting extreme ownership. And then you get another room same tent or another 10 people. You got 10 guys, exhibiting extreme ownership. What rooms better? The 10 extreme ownership room. Just saying so that could be you when you leave a review and it affects someone else. So yeah, subscribe. Also you can subscribe on YouTube if you are interested in the video version of this podcast. You want to see what Jockel looks like if you don't know already. And you can see what I look like. Which you probably don't know. I looked different than I saw. Apparently. Anyway, that's on YouTube. Also some excerpts on there. Right? Providing small Jockel McNuggets of value. So you don't have to share the whole two two and a half hour thing. You know, with your friend. If you like a concept, you can just share the you know, the two minute excerpt. Three minute. Whatever. You know, shareable. So they can watch it. And then go to work rather than be late for work after listening to two hours. Potentially. Also. Jockel is a store. It's called JockelStore. JockelStore.com. No Hiku there. If you are interested in what T-shirts, rash guards were coming out with some hats here pretty soon. I can't wait to get a hat. Yeah, that's that's a good though. Real good. Of course. Yeah. The best be. Yeah. Some travel mugs on there. Good travel mugs. You know, they the insulate the heat. Apparently that's not like a new thing. No, I know you were amazed by that. I'm still amazed by it. Even though I know it's not that new of a thing. You know, I could easily tell you the story about the ice water I had that lasted till the next day. The ice was still in there. I could easily tell you that. I'm not going to waste your time to it. Nonetheless, when you have it, boom keeps the heat in there for like eight hours. And it looks dope. Black on black. When stuff on there, shirts of course, Jockel's face saying good. If you have it, so the good video. A lot of people have seen that video. You know, Jorogan says good things about that video. Some people have watched that video. So essentially, that shirt is that video personified in a shirt. It's a little tip I've said it before, but sometimes people miss this part of it. The good on the bottom is written backwards. You know why? Because it's for you when you look in the mirror. That message is not for everyone else looking at your shirt. That's what Jockel's face is for. Jockel's face is also for you. When you're looking in the mirror, he's telling you good. You know, good old come out of your situation. I went to my eight-year-old daughter's classroom and answered questions as an author about way the warrior kid and they had read the way the warrior kid in the classroom and I gave out, I had bookmarks. We have the publisher made book marks that say, way the warrior kid on one side, you know, it's got Mark doing a pull-up. The other side is the advertisement for Dispunicles Freedom Field Manual and that's got my face on it, like the good face. Sure. I chronic. And so we handed those out and one of the kids came up to me and says, you look creepy in this picture. So of course I said thank you. Yeah. Yeah, I would say I see what he's getting at. I don't think he looked creepy. Well, it's not chronic. He did apparently. Hey man, yes. Are you allowed to say it's an iconic picture because you took the picture. It's not kind of. I guess technically yeah I'm allowed to say that, but that is not why I say it. Okay. I say it because I leave you. I believe it is iconic. Maybe. Did the point where I think that's that shirk. They're for you and me, and it goes from it's pretty iconic picture. It is. That's it. We discount the rest of the universe and we're sure. Then maybe we don't quite need that. Yeah, they're thinking like, iconic. Yeah. Maybe I'm stretching the term. I don't know. It's like when I went to quiet out of the shirt that I wore the most. I think that one in the Jodi Middick podcast shirt. Oh nice. They're both the same color too, by the way. Yeah. That's the same. Yeah, man. So yeah, jockelsdoor.com. See what you like. If you like any of the shots, I'm not saying to buy the shirt or a rash car. I'm not saying that. I'm saying go to jockelstore.com. Take a look. If you like something, get something. That supports the podcast and supports yourself. You know, you get a cool shirt and or a rash card. That's it. Also, psychological warfare. If you didn't know what that is, which I know many people do, but in the event of you not knowing in this case, psychological warfare is an album with tracks. That is available on iTunes and Amazon music and these places where you can buy MP3s in albums and stuff like that. Digital music, if you will, but this isn't music. It's jockel. Each track is jockel telling you why. Pragmatically. By the way, you should not succumb to weakness in your journey. Yeah, we're doing journey. You're doing journey more than me. Yeah. We'll go with it. Yeah, but you're part here. Yeah, in your, you go with the flow. Flail with the gulf. Yeah, all in your journey in getting after it in general. You're waking up early in the morning. I know that's not easy to do every single day. You're, you know, sticking to the diet, especially at work. You know when they bring those donuts, right? We understand. Yeah. When you get those moments of weakness that you're going to start slacking, even just for one moment, you listen to one of these tracks, the appropriate track, and you will. And I'll say this 100% with 100% certainty, you will not slack. You will wake up and you will continue. There it is. It's like a little spot. Also, you can get jockel white tea on Amazon. Here is a verified purchase review. Okay, so this person, this is verified. Yeah. Right, verified. Yeah. Do you understand what that is? We'll have verified person on Amazon. A person, this is a verified review of a person that actually bought and this is what happened. I'm an employee of Newport News ship building. We build aircraft carriers and submarines for the Navy. Since consuming jockel white tea, production has increased. Substantially, we've subsequently delivered two nuclear aircraft carriers and three nuclear subs to the Navy. While I won't argue that correlation equals causation, I won't say it's a coincidence either. Get some. So, you know, we're talking, you know, taking normally it takes years, you know, four, five years to build an aircraft carrier. Now they're apparently knocking them out. 60 days. No factor. And again, that's a verified purchase review. Way to war your kid. It is also available wherever you buy books. And that one, I got another verified purchase review there. If you're looking for a book for your kids with a solid message about how to approach life, this is it. The impact is how to my kids was immediate. They asked me if they could do the same things that the kid does and is with his uncle in the book. The best part is that they're asking to become more active, training harder at Jiu Jitsu, asked about healthier choices for meals and picking up a book instead of playing video games. It makes a huge difference when they are the ones making the choice instead of me making that choice for them. If your kids read just one book this year, this is the one. Pretty awesome. That's makes me super stoked when I hear that kids are picking up books instead of playing video games. So that's way to warrior kid. Also, we're actually getting into the red zone on this planet called Freedom Field Manual. I'm finishing the final edits. You know, this is sort of like my book of five rings. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm not on my deathbed yet, hopefully. But this is what I think. This is what I do. These are the thoughts, actions, words of my life. What I work out. This is how I work out. What food I eat. Recovery martial arts. This is it. It comes out October 17th. The cover is done. There's a new cover. Well, they finish the cover and people will worry because the original cover that they put up is just a black cover with. It says, this one equals Freedom Field Manual by Jockel Willink. That was the original cover that I designed and told them to post, which they did. And then there's been one little addition to that. Sure. Check it out. Because some people, they, because they had originally, they had a sticker on there that said cover not final. Meaning that people weren't thinking, oh, they're going to, they're going to make it all stupid, all salesier, or whatever. But there was a little addition made to that cover. You can check it out. Iconic. Possibly. Maybe if you, if you, but really bend and stretch that word, you might be getting there. Of course, extreme ownership. That's the other book available right now. Obviously, where it started here, combat leadership applied to the battlefield to business and to life. Boom. Get it. Also, if you need support training and transforming your leadership team, wherever you are at your business, your corporation, wherever you are, contact us, leadership and management consulting info at echelonfront.com. Also, the master Austin Texas July 13th and 14th Omni Barton Creek Resort. Now, what's cool about this is basically an enclosed environment where you're in San Diego, you know, you can go out, you can get around the Omni Barton Creek is a little bit outside of town. So it's going to be just us there. It's not that huge. So it's going to be us. It's going to be, we're going to overrun the place with troopers and it'll be great. The one thing that's not so great is there's only 300 seats. I think we got about four to your 50 seats left for the Austin Monster. So register ASAP, there's no room for expansion in New York. We sold out 350. We expanded the room to 400. We expanded it to 450. It ranged re-range chairs. There's no room to do that in Austin. So I apologize if you want to come to Austin if you're in Austin or if you're in Texas or wherever you're at, you want to come to that one. Do it quick. www.extremeownership.com. And if it sells out before you get a seat, come to San Diego. September 14th and 15th. Monster 0 0 4 at the Omni Hotel right in downtown San Diego. And in the mean time if you are looking to connect with us, you can find us straight up cruising hard. Extra hard, extra hard on the interwebs on Twitter, on Instagram, and on day-fash, boogie. Echo is at Echo Charles and I am at Jock O'Willink and thanks to everyone for listening, for joining us, for supporting us, for subscribing and for spreading the word and to the military personnel out there going in the harms away. Modern day Samurai Warriors protecting our modern day kingdom. Thank you. And the police law enforcement firefighters, EMTs, first responders, thanks for being there when we call you. And to the rest of you out there doing what you do, but instead of just doing it, doing it, like Musashi, like a warrior, excelling in anything and everything you do out there, getting after it. So until next time, this is Echo and Jock O'Willink out.