 This is Jockel podcast number 299 with echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink good evening. I come good evening So there is a video And it's it's out there in the world on YouTube or whatever you can find it and it's it's a video of the Battle of Ramadi 2006 in the summertime and there's this big firefight going on and You can tell it's pretty intense. There's machine gun fire a bunch of people Putting rounds down range people are yelling and barking out orders and passing information And you can kind of put together that they're working to get a bomb dropped from air support on On a vehicle that the insurgents had been utilizing and fighting from and They they get the bomb run and Right as the right as the bomb is about to hit there's a low in the gunfire because guys are taking cover You know as that bomb is gonna hit and And then so there's a low in the fire and then the bomb hits And there is a massive explosion and You hear a lack of couple hoots and then you hear this You hear this bellowing laughter From one person and you can tell the laughter sort of it's some surprise it's some excitement It's some level of relief and some it's also just some twisted dark military humor That's making this person Bellow out with this laughter and I Watch that video sometimes And I listen to that video sometimes not for the firefighter not for the bomb drop But to hear that laugh That laugh is coming from Seth Stone And you don't see him on camera But if you knew Seth then that laugh is unmistakable And that's what I like to hear And that's reflective of life Because Seth was He was tough and he was brave and he was smart and he was creative and he was a combat leader But above all those characteristics But I like to remember most about him now Now that he's gone is his laugh laugh Then humor is a blessing and laughter is an anodotepane and suffering and anguish and sometimes it's the only relief for those things I have another friend who wants to hold me everybody's got their Vietnam um And in this particular case he was talking about the fact that his first girlfriend when he was a kid Was older than him and was bigger than him and she would just pick him up and Kiss him against his will and it wasn't anything he could do about it and so he just had to deal with it He just had to get through it Everybody's got their Vietnam Tell me And he wasn't in Vietnam, no is he even a veteran, but he was just adding humor to life But there is some truth to that statement Everybody struggles in life And those struggles very some struggles we face are imposed on us by the world Some struggles we face are imposed on us by ourselves They also vary in intensity and consequence and depending on who you are When it's your problem when it's your struggle, that's the world And as was with Seth one of the best ways to overcome struggle is humor comedy And that same friend of mine certainly has used humor to get through his life Let's get through some of his struggles and some of those struggles more severe than just getting kissed by a seventh grader his name is Theo Vaughn and he's here with us tonight to share some of his struggles And some of the lessons he's learned and making everyone laugh as a comedian in order to overcome those struggles that we all face Theo, Theo Vaughn Thanks for coming by man You had to be here man Thank you guys for having me What's going on? Yeah, I'm sorry to hear about Mr. Stunman and I didn't know that guy but definitely I never been through anything like Boss, body, you know, I'm not bad there rice I guess I don't even know what I've had I think I don't know I mean, I guess I have had it and I think I'm gonna say I have and I text you one of my favorite I like a long So boss, body is a kind of rice. I think it is echo confirm. I can neither come on bro Nor did but jazz If anybody at this table has the board had more fears of rice on this I is cute brother to be honest man No offense there, but an advanced rice Yes, sorry, but um Yeah, man, I never had anything like that, but yeah, I think yeah, I don't know I'm just happy to be your man I think everybody does have their own Theetnom, you know in some ways sometimes they're small and sometimes they're big, you know So numbers they're on the inside of us and so numbers are on the outside. Yes, I was One of my kids came home and this was I was telling the Navy at the time and I came home and there was like Wars going on and there was something happened overseas and I was trying to contend with how we're gonna get Guys prepared for this combat situation and I came home one time and You know one of my kids complained about something and it was some kind of real struggle I forget what it was but I remember I first I was kind of like what you get in me We're at war I would say those words. I was able to keep us self-incheck, but what I realized was Whatever you're doing in life, that's that's that's the that's your world, right? And so when that world gets tough and you don't know anything else man that that struggled that is your Vietnam Yeah, and that's where people end up whether it's you know some girl kissing on you when you're Whatever I'm gonna do well the tough part was other people were walked like the bigger bull with like my brother and his friends The bus would pick them up first and so then it would come and get me and so that's when she would pick me up And it was like my first girlfriend so I was also like excited kind of a habit But I always kind of embarrassed honestly to have her like in front of I didn't want every I was just kind of she was just tougher than me, you know He played I think baseball You know and she could have played softball right right so she just opted Yeah, I mean she was doing that you know So yeah, it didn't even have that back then so let's get let's get into for those people A lot of people don't know who you are I guess that might listen to this podcast I know you're really famous as a comedian right? Yeah, that's the deal. Yeah, I've done what the well is a comedian man and so I'm grateful to have that I'm happy to be here today with you guys man, you know, I really am Thanks for having me. So you grew up. What were you born? I was born in Louisiana I was born in Louisiana and Coming to Louisiana so Not a real pot. I mean it's a good place. We have tall a statue of Ronald Reagan That's cool and He's never seen it, but we got So it was ever like what's the connection with the comedy? Copper too. So like homeless dudes are always trying to like get in there and ship his thumbs off and you know Get the reimbursement, but Why did why Reagan he Connected to that town at all they just somebody dug him somebody that had enough copper and joy them and I think donated to the city To be honest. No your dad was like a older gentleman when you were born. Oh, yeah Yeah, my dad was 70 years old my dad was born in 1910 and And he was from Nicaragua and he was So he was a senior citizen when I met him, you know So and he was from Nicaragua. Yeah, now I I saw that he was from bluefield Nicaragua. Yeah, he's from bluefield. I never been there But I heard a lot of I've heard it's a tough place to be sometimes because of their politics, but I heard it's really nice I heard that and I don't know what what's so what's your dad's like background? Was he from there? Because I guess this place was kind of settled by European pirates. Have you heard this? Yeah, I don't know my dad was doing as younger. I don't remember seeing any other pictures of him So I don't know I patches Yeah, I never seen him, you know hanging out with a parrot. I've never seen any of his you know past work When I knew him it was you know, it was just a lot of stories and there was more like the stories by the time I met him and stories, you know They they get barnacles on him over time. They gain traction. They get tread. They get They take different avenues and so by the time I knew him it was more I was kind of left with the You know just the stories, you know the refined stories, you know What do you how do you end up in America? I don't know man I really don't know him and those are things I wish that I had been able to know better and I think those are things We're synonymous like from me anyway where I feel disconnection sometimes is not haven't had that you know There's some of those types of conversations when I was old enough to kind of care Yeah, when I was like what once I got a like 12 or 13 I kind of I was like I mean it was kind of embarrassing you know having such an older time my dad would fall he'd be a sleep at like a vent he would fall asleep at the Carpool when he'd come pick us up he'd fall asleep and so The lady had to go wake him up. It was always like so much extra stuff that you don't think you have to do as a kid just a lot of like You know So but yeah, he was cool though, man. It was also interesting You know he knew a lot of people that are about to die everybody introduced who knew about to die What was the deal with your mom? I mean he must have been some kind of a you know he must have had some Cool characteristics because how old was your mom? My mom was 32 when I was born and he didn't have any money So I don't know who would bang an old dude with no My bro that's insane that is pioneer I know what woman that would I mean that is a pioneer woman. What was talking about a pioneer woman was he a woman Wah or something was he super like I Had a comb I remember that he kept in his pocket maybe it was Yeah, a nice one of those small cones man used to keep and they still keep up in cube a lot of time You see a lot of Cuban men still get that small comb on Mm-hmm, and you think that might have been the critical factor for for your mom looking at him thinking damn look at that comb I think in a small town, you know, it's just that something like that can stand out Was your mom from Covington, Louisiana too? She's from Illinois, so she just real hard working lady You know my mother really likes to work hard and she's Delivered newspapers and stuff when I was a kid and delivered all type of stuff Um, oh she used to deliver cookies for a little offer some company dude and I go laying her car at night and just lay on to on the box And just eat the bitches right just just imagine being the bonuses big is the box You're just laying on and you're opening up and that's my Vietnam You're in the dark you're trying to be quiet dude and sometimes they would tape a max treat You know you're like I'm gonna be all right And you just for you get in and you just has many cookies as you could have You're laying on your mouse laying an open on a like chocolate chip cookies. No, these are remember the ones they had were kind of a hard kind of yellow cookie with a bit of Kind of this granulated sugar kind of square look like glitter on the top. Yeah, let's start bread on I don't know I was excited about your story like I got your picture that but I just don't feel like char I'd feel like Cookies there's chocolate chip cookies and then everything else is kind of just not in the same ballpark I don't know if I'd agree with that sir. I don't know if I don't have to agree on everything I'm just giving you my perspective. Yeah, no, and I appreciate you giving it to me, man And I would probably I'd watch you in a tough kid chocolate chip cookie at thing, you know I'd watch I want to be fun to watch you eat, you know I don't know a man go all that way pretty fun. I mean like man go, huh? I'll be enough then now let me get better for us No, I in fact I don't really I've like I grew up my my we didn't have a lot of money when I was growing up and so we ate a lot of hand burgers Right like in the morning I would have Handburger on an English muffin. Oh, you want to have handburger on bread and then for dinner I have handburger on a bun so you get no all meals could be burgers That's what but I didn't really I didn't even like steak until I was maybe like 22 or 23 Oh, yeah, yeah, because you just it didn't taste good to me. I mean, I would think why not just grind this thing up and put it on it put it into a patty Yeah, but you can't you So I don't know maybe it's funny to watch me eat a burger on a muffin for breakfast. Yeah, I could see I think that would be unique show Watching strong man eat stuff. That's a little bit more dainty You know, maybe have a patty for some kind of a unique a Electable you know kind of a cookie from another country or something I could see that you can't even manage it with your fingers. You know, it's almost like a grenade almost to regular guy You know Did your mom and dad stay together? They stayed together for a while man they had four children and and And and Then I don't know what happened. I don't know what happened and that's kind of when I started to come like mentally You know aware of my world and yeah at that point my dad was older he didn't live with us and then Yeah, we just had four children in my mom was working a lot and that's where we were three mom basically ended up as a single mom. Yes, you know, was a single mom and Yeah, and I don't know I you were almost I don't know what you would expect kind of having a child or children with the older man You know what kind of expectations you might have But but I don't know you know, I don't know what kind of comfort she needed in a world Maybe she'd needed to have a family. I don't know what she needed at that time But yeah, and so they had the head children and then my dad was kind of gone and then I got a little a shame to my I got embarrassed a little bit. I was just at that age. I think we're children get Were there if they're not like other children if the anything's out of the norm the night feel Like something's wrong with them or they feel just embarrassed. I'm sure you see what your children did was a time were they getting embarrassed? Yeah, it doesn't I don't think it matters if you're uh, you know like Tom Brady your kids are gonna be embarrassed Right or like doing the rock Johnson your kids will be like oh here comes the big 80 It gets like I don't think the matters when you are It's gonna be your kids are gonna go through an age period where they're embarrassed by you. Yeah, and then You got to kind of like just work through it. I guess and hopefully come out the other side and they realize oh, you know That's not too bad But I guess the weird thing you said you like your mom's expectations. I mean the fact that matter is He's 70 you're born. I mean expectations are They're not even expectations facts are he ain't gonna be around all of that much longer. Right. You know Yeah, she's been at a time offer. Yeah That's limited time. That's got an expiration date on so she signed up for because she kind of signed up for that activity. Yeah Yeah, and I think and and I think when sometimes I it's hard to not hold that anx when I look at my life in places that were uncomfortable for me as a child like Um, and I'm not complaining. I'm just trying to share some of you know share what Some of that was like from me, but um Yeah, I think it was Tyler it's like uh You felt like you weren't part of a plan like nobody planned or if you were it was a plan that was Destined to fail, you know what I'm saying it so then that almost makes you feel like What's going on if my commander and chief here my mother or something Set me up in this plan that doesn't seem like it has Statistically this doesn't seem super smart. No, no, now how old were you when you started having thoughts like that? I was it's you know that those are kind of thoughts when I was a kid like I was just thinking you know Machine gun throwing rocks uh you know taking apart Peep pieces of furniture. Yeah, I mean just talking ignorance stuff Yeah, and it seems like you're sitting here thinking about the grand scheme and all these plans I count how old were you and you started going down that road? I don't think I was old. I think I was older when I when I started realizing that stuff. Okay, so this is like looking back. Yeah, a lot of That's looking back um But I think at the time I'm dealing with the ramifications of some of that without knowing it Without always wondering well what Why do I feel certain ways or why do I behave certain ways? So like a subconscious. That's probably just that probably just a subconscious feeling of man This doesn't seem like this is gonna even as a little kid you're like man. We're eating ramen again Right who came up with this plan Right. Yeah, there's just no plant like moms work and there's no Dad so old so you start to get concerned For your dad's health and you have this weird uncomfortable thing where you're supposed to be kind of a child and be free to just Not have any worries, but you have these weird extra worries of like you know your dad is getting older you know and so I'm or being like eight years old I'm walking to church it to what my dad we had to church a few blocks away and He would ask me what the Where he could walk and stuff because of the sidewalks in Louisiana The the roots come up through them just like kneecaps just like you know You got a thousand long leg at man buried right there under the sidewalk, you know and some of them's you know You know they just it just real femury along those You know the sidewalks will do it down They'll be in a damn trapezoid or some half of it Did you take this high walk? I don't think you can take you more time to get where you're going You know I am the street is month the sidewalks like the Oregon trail Well, there's natives under part of it. I mean it gets real dicey So I remember walking my dad and he's like can I walk here and stuff like that? So then you're I remember getting in this weird space of like Just hyper concern and awareness That's what I think it was awareness So then I had a lot of awareness So did that lead to you said behaviors? What kind of behaviors do you think that this is a situation where you where you act and get in trouble in school Where you you know turn it into the delinquent kid where you trying to work real hard to make sure you always had money I mean what what how did you react to this situation? Well, I think looking back on it and it's interesting because in my life right now I've been doing a lot of work on this kind of stuff specifically like trying to just Just get enough comfort in the sediment or those sedimentary layers those real like just those deep layers It's hard for me to plant roots. I notice in my adult life and I think it's because something is the soils just It's just not enough room in that soil from when I was a when I was younger And I wouldn't care if I was able to plant things in my life that would would be able to grow effectively But I've had trouble doing that like relationships Commitment to things Wanting to start like a family or have a relationship but struggle with it So Sorry this isn't very funny dude. I feel bad guys, you know the one day. I mean everybody on your show Somebody dying or you know somebody got Naded out and then I'm so succumbed and I believe that I'm sitting here I don't think there's no one really that tuned into my podcast that's expecting or anticipating or it's gonna be let down if they're not You know, we're If there's not levity in the situation it's okay You don't have to be funny here you can just talk about just mayhem and death as far as I'm concerned it will still be good to go. Okay, okay, okay good yeah, I think so One of the things that I would know that I noticed now looking back is that I didn't Whenever I realized that that was my life situation that my dad was real older and that my mom was working all the time I didn't believe that the world was a comfortable place for me So as a real young kid I just There was enough elements in the atmosphere where I just made that choice has a My spirit made the choice whatever it is something inside of me It wasn't a choice I made like I would make a choice now It's like I don't trust the world to be a safe place for me So Whatever brought me into this world whatever the elements are these are not trustworthy elements And not that I would treat them on trust or not that I'd be mean to them but just in my spirit knows that you have to take care of yourself So then you start to try and manage everything yourself So I was always really concerned with The only thing I had left in like people would look at me, you know what the bus dropped me off like in the poor neighborhood and my dad was so old My mom was always gone working. She wasn't like a mom some of the other kids had so So the only thing I could control was me How you saw me that was it the only piece of my image I had was what you saw of me so I would like bike to school so I didn't have to get off the poor bus. I would like But friend certain kids so you thought I was in a certain group I just I was hyper concerned with the kind of image management because it's all I had left You know I wouldn't I'm trying to be seen around my family. I kind of because I just didn't want I don't know I was just hyper concerned with the only thing that I had that I still I controlled over was My own Really and this is something yeah, it makes sense, but it's like this is something that you're realizing Reflectively looking back like at the time you were like you weren't constantly saying oh I'm I'm in Paris So I'm gonna do this you were just like man I don't really want to get on that bus or get off that bus I'm just gonna bike to school that seems like a smart thing to do right I think but I start to had I had so much awareness I think I just so aware all ways and so then You know, I just I think I was making choices that I didn't want people to see me a certain way how I'm I'm gonna be so then I got stuck in this how can I manage what people think of me? So was the was the was the image that you wanted to project because you could see there's plenty of people that there in those kind of Rough situations and there You know some people go all right. I'm gonna get straight A's and I'm gonna go to good college I'm gonna do all this other stuff or some people are well. I'm gonna become You know, I'm gonna become a the toughest delinquent that there can be and people are gonna be scared of me So you know you get some going towards like big gang life or whatever What was it that you were kind of moving towards were you in athlete we plan sports? Yeah, we play some decent sports in our neighborhood dude and it was real dicey bro We had a lot of people man We had one dude who would sneak my weed pipe football and he bring matches with him and burn you while he was doing defense Bro, and that's crazy when you're thinking okay, who's guard me? You know Thomas this kid Thomas though And he's just matching you down where you know if you're not making cuts real hard So just some shit like that man we played in this one field that had a big hole right in the middle of it They're not to the middle but off off to the side with this church football field man and Damn people would go missing in that bitch So you know I mean this is a couple they had a family of 11 that I swear to God after a long game was a family attend They lost somebody in their little Jennifer or somebody But I remember they did I remember They would make girls they would put them on the football field playing football just in the neighborhood spray paint a number on his one kids back Just all kind of shit man fun stuff that looking back What about organized sports in high school? Did you play basketball when I was 11? I got into that when I was 11 So yeah, I think one thing we just were around our neighborhood a lot we get we get home from school and we would just be up to our own devices, you know But one thing I started to notice was like I didn't I had a real untrustworthy relationship with the world So I was always worried about I think what people were thinking of me and I felt like people didn't like me I felt like I think because sometimes I don't know if I was just such an uncomfortable kid sometimes that I Needed laughter so I always felt like if you were laughing you couldn't dislike me at a laugh at the same moment Like at that moment like it was down to that moment like when you were done laughing I didn't know what you thought of me, you know, and it was kind of scary because I think I didn't think much of myself and so the only Way I had to feel about myself from moments a moment was how other people felt about you know if I'm real honest and so So I think that's why I needed laughter because it was like oh man if I can get It was the only thing I trusted is that there's no way somebody could be laughing and I can see them laughing and having joy and And hate me at the same time, you know, it was just so that was like That was the only equation that made that to me was undeniable and I think that's And I was a high-per sensitive kid, you know other people aren't as sensitive and so they're able, you know, they can Manage things better. I was high-per sensitive, you know So I'm really grateful that God gave me Whatever I needed to be able to find humor, you know Because it was other kids in my neighborhood and in the environment that That in my family didn't get that and so it's And I'm trying to get any self-pity. I'm just trying to share what I'm thinking and feeling at the same time, you know And a lot of this is stuff I've been working through recently like in the past few weeks pretty heavily And so a lot of it's real fresh on my brain as well You know Yeah, well, it's scary about well not scary. I from your perspective is the minute someone stops laughing You just want to try and make a laugh again so you can get that get that good feeling back You know what's that safe feeling? I just need to it's like man, this is a place where I feel okay if they're laughing, you know So yeah, so I think and I wasn't like a goofy dude. I wouldn't like farting and a pudding or anything like that You know saying I wouldn't some you know booty creep or something I just like saying things and and I was real aware so I would see things kind of going on I think I was real aware and so So it was fun to be able to get people to laugh at moments where you didn't think they were and then you start managing laughter because laughter becomes your main Tool that you have to feel okay and so Then you start using laughter almost like you're calling plays and stuff and you have these little Those are my weapons, you know that was my knives that was my fist seat, you know I wasn't I didn't have a lot of physical confidence so So laughter was it really for me that was my biceps, you know It seems like to uh there's an opportunity for someone that's in your position where you have this kind of like insecurity and kind of a little bit of a paranoia against the world To go down the path of like drug and alcohol abuse and we all know where that path ends up if we stay on it So how how did that enter your life and what what about there had to be drugs now alcohol down there what was What was that like what was that influence? How how did you manage that part of the world? Yeah, you know that's interesting you know I have family members in my own close family that have suffered with addiction and stuff like that um and I really love and I also love thinking about this kind of stuff like this kind of stuff from me talking about Feelings and stuff some people say well You know feelings is the past and actions is what matters and that's true. I believe that like I can think all day and it's probably not gonna help me act any different And I know in my own life if I do act a certain way my thoughts will follow me my thoughts really are your troops really you know um they say in a lot of recovery rooms that you can't Think your way in the right action, but you can act your way in the right thinking it's a common term and it's easy for People that struggle with Addiction or addictive personalities to understand that it's real simple um So I was a question. I feel a little bit nervous just just as far as what you know how old were you in alcohol got introduced? How old are you? Yeah, we're doing I remember I found some liquor on some Alize liquor something peach mango star burst baby breath water melons something on the top shelf Who it was nine different colors bro and I found some newty mags up there to same time Teddy literature So next thing you know dude. I'm a jack-a-late and just just I remember falling off the shelf I thought I'm always I never made it off top shelf to those for their about four hours I've never been on the top shelf, you know, I don't come from a real balance in family So I'm up there dude. I'm drinking up I can master bait and you know and I remember just black and out and fall and off that shelf And I probably fell, man. I bet six and a half feet almost eight feet so not far. How old are you at this time? Oh, I was probably about 13, you know, and so then But I had other family members who were struggling with drug gen alcohol. So I had this really I didn't see that Uh I didn't see that as like a Away from me to get in a thing like I didn't see that as an escape really from me So I never used that as an escape But as I got a little bit older my life I started realizing that I was uncomfortable uh and I was Some of the survival techniques I'd use as a child weren't helping me anymore You mean even the comedy piece even making people laugh did that start to wear out? Well, or what survival is the only connection that I knew so I had a tough time making Reel connections with people especially women if I wanted to be in a relationship or Or even I think sometimes friends or knowing that a connection was safe like Sometimes I'll overdo a connection somebody will say Yeah, everything's fine, man. We'll be there and I'll still be hyper worried about it. You know when it's fine it's as somebody else that's totally normal but Could some some connections with people are or always feel real new and scary to me I think I was a scared to make them So anyway, I started realizing I was I'm trouble making real connections with people People would say man if like I don't know you but I feel like I would be sharing a lot of stuff and so then I I got into I started going to some recovery meetings 12 step and I couldn't relate to the drugs in alcohol But I could relate when people talk about how they felt you know just Just the feelings and so I started learning about oh other people feel some of these ways and it's okay to have feelings or to struggle with them and whatever and so that's when I really started to like be in a part of recovery And there's all types of it, you know, I mean, there's stuff for everything There's recovery for people that wear shirts that don't fit or that fit too tightly It's really drags me down hang now with echo Because I think it's kind of people up you got each other and it just turns into a bad So I'm gonna say I see who you're dealer is You guys need not behind freaking autos own as fucking pick up a couple extra small Head part is there is a small boy out there somewhere right now Maybe you'll never share it on a shirt Have we talked about them before Jacko? Did we talk about that? Talk about what some boy with a small shirt I don't know if we talked about that So yeah, so I think that's why I found 12 stuff was interesting and then I pretty that was later in my flight Yeah, that was later in life so for a long time I think I just chose comedy because it Do instead of comedy oh it's like a lifestyle of disconnection you're in town for four or five days and then you go So if you have a relationship starting you're like up, you know, you gotta go to chuckle willies Ever into coma you know, it's how it's like you're out of town and then and then you're in a new place where you can have something you know it's like The the moss of life never has a chance to grow on you really you keep out running The moss really and the moss is things that That are real or you know were barnacles anything that you just you just evade things enough And comedy just offered me that I don't even know if I wanted to be a comedian I think I wanted to not have to be somewhere So what how old were you and you did your first you know god on stage and did your first stand-up gig? Let me think man It was Rwanda dude. I think it was 2001 midnight And I was in a I think I was in a fox hole or Falcon Esther song. I don't know what was happening. Do we couldn't see? We got a bad badge of banana taffy from a local She was dicey Then we're fire Fire ants There was a there was not yeah not fire fight. There was actual fire ants in the hole even first. Yeah No, sorry, let's tryna Trying to make you laugh a little but um Was it local? Oh, yeah, I was cool school when I was oh I remember Well the best thing was just at the lunch table with your friends and I think that's the thing you're always chasing as a comedian It's just being in an environment where you're just making your friends laugh, you know But I went to a class in Los Angeles a lot of people don't even know that I went to a class Like a comedy class yeah like when you see written like just like putting those cheesy horns letters on the side of a strip All the other I was always wondering who's side of the thing there you go apparently may work Did it and it was so weird that it was some guy at work. He can not all know so Your future of blind at homes Oh yeah, I think the class was even sponsored by like a pet boy. There's some quick oil offering out So man, we were in the class and it was but the interesting you think about the class was it was not very I don't know if it was helpful. It was an environment where you were joking around But the thing was at the end of the class you got to perform on stage at a real comedy club So that was the thing and they taped it for you and this now everybody's got tape this back when that limited amount of tape Good so you had a tape maybe had that cassette though, you know and so I remember I got a thing that would do three minutes and you were so nervous but then you had a tape and so then you felt like Oh, I have a piece of proof you know and then after that they had a comedy room near me just what gentleman had half a little And he was He was missing part of his leg. I think or he said he was so he could have been fake at it CGI or something. I don't know what his name was I mean it was a CGI it was no it was a white dude. Okay, but Anyway Yeah, he opened up a comedy room about two blocks from where I was living in LA and I went over there on Wednesdays and And there was a couple times right quit. I moved back to New Orleans and they had a comedy room there How you making money when you're working it? I mean this guy is even paying you or you paying that to get to perform or you paying him I was a lot of it was a bringer show. You got to bring people and if you don't bring enough you have to pay So that was part of it man. That's it that's a under that's a dirty Subculture business of a comedy Brutal just a bring or show what you said. Yeah, big all bringer shows and you got to bring people with you and if you don't bring like five people and then You know, probably ten dollars again and there's something then you have to pay that the difference but on the fifty dollars So so this is that's where you start in comedy. That's where it's at yeah, that's really where I start and now and honestly man when I started I knew I knew that I was doing pretty good at it when I started I knew that I could do it and I knew that I could do it and Then once the lifestyle came along where you got to scoot around and be Anyplace that I didn't have to make a real connection which I didn't realize wasn't a strong suit of mine really I didn't really realize it at that point. I didn't really realize I was Evating something I thought I was going towards something and I think it's probably like that for a lot of us in all types of jobs You know sometimes the feeling I'm chasing it's It's not so much something that I'm going for as if I can figure out if there's something that I'm trying to be away from You know and that's just for me. I don't know if that's really for everybody in the in the seal teams we used to say like Well, you know if I mean things get bad, you know you just get going a trip to get on that plane Everything's for everything's gone no more problems you're in some new place everything's great now Yeah, that was the that was the deal You know, so whatever's happening you know you have some guy living out here in San Diego He's having problems with this wife for his girlfriend or whatever cool going on a trip Don't complain no problems anymore. They're all gone similar thing. Yeah, evading the problems Yeah, and I was and I didn't yeah, and I didn't know I was doing that you know I just didn't know and then also you're out there you have you're able to establish brief relationships You know one night stands you know a little bit of sex here and there a little bit of touch and jerking off next to someone not even sex Sometimes or even just jerking off by yourself and wishing somebody was there You know, which is really one I mean that was that was probably two out of three Like only one of those sounded like a relationship You know what's out of like perversion and you're the one who just sounded lovely so I don't know worse You know you're kind of getting a taste for maybe what it really is you could be but if you got a good imagination Do you could ever feel time right there with you know and I was strong bro in the freaking In that middle freaking cold and I was really running some strong suit So you would you be out melee how long you out out out now lay for I've been out there You know I'd be out there for months at a time And then what would make you would you just run out of money and be like I'm going back to Louisiana? Yeah, something would be uncomfortable. I have a long term relationship for a little while Which is like the closest relationship I could get into is having one with a you know thousand miles of space in it and Yeah, so I Yeah, and then comedy but comedy kept doing good it was like this thing and when I look back I really think it was something God that just You know God just wanted to keep taking care of me, you know even though I think when I was young I always when I didn't trust the world out in trust God I didn't trust that anybody had like was looking out for me. What what years is this? This probably 2,000 and Probably 2,000 9,000 about 2016 I was saying 2,000 so during this time you're Like what's the progression? Once you would you do good with Bring or show once you get good at that like okay now you're almost always gonna have people coming in At what point do you I will point you you think in yourself all right? I can I can live I can make I can pay my rent I can get food from Comedy right why I got I got a credit card That's that what point okay when I got that credit card boy then Delta reserve they hit me up in the mail Bro, you know and I looked at some of the planes online I said these people are doing well I'm open I can't with them So I went probably about 30 something thousand dollars in debt Over probably about four years which was a lot of debt when you never had had You know three thousand dollars in a bank account So for all those years are you paycheck to paycheck? Yeah, just paycheck to paycheck Maybe you have 800 bucks in your bank account maybe you got a thousand maybe did a good show and you maybe got 1400 But then you got a buy a new freaking whatever Yeah, the next flight is the biggest okay was that next flight So this is a struggle It's a struggle and it's start it is a struggle honestly and I look I know it's it's it's my own struggle It's the struggle in that sense. I'm not other people have way bigger struggles But it's uh, but that's the struggle part of that job at a minimum It's a financial struggle. Yes, and you are you looking at it thinking well, I'll be doing this for The rest of my life like for rest of my life. I'm gonna be sitting here, you know going from town to town Making $480 one night. Is that how much you make when you're one of these level comedians? No, I think at that point if you do a feature weekend somewhere you can get paid $600 for about five shows But you have to buy your flight So that takes 300 if you eat on 80 this is a learn it. You know you think about mixed martial arts Besides UFC like when you're a young these fighters like I've trained a ton of fighters That's what they're doing yeah, they're they're going to fight in Nebraska They're gonna get paid $200 to fight $200 if they win and the flight out there cost freaking 800 bucks And they got to pay medical for their check-up. It's a freaking disaster Yeah The same thing right it really is I think I really Yeah, at the end of the gather carry it they have two of their teeth taped into their belly button It's dicey. Oh, yeah, it's just that circuit. It's that circuit. It's the circuit of that thing and it's The benefits are the things that keep that are kind of nice and especially if you don't know If other people are settling down getting married your friends getting real jobs at see more real on paper and those things are I didn't want to be like everybody else that's the thing I always remember my head I didn't want to be like a lot of people I wanted to manage my embassy only thing I had was Everything else in my life since my birth it felt like it was like a sentence like this is who you are you are somebody who You know, you're not you're not going to be in a home where you were really loved you're not You know things like that. I'm not complaining. I'm just sharing what I felt like and it's some of this might It even be real. That's a crazy part of some of the stuff it could be in your head but if to me it was very real So the only thing I could still control was what I what you saw me how I What I was you know and I was just getting a hold out to try and be something I Don't know if I knew what it was what I was just gonna hold out so when you're a comedian making $600 for five shows in a weekend that you had to pay $740 for your ticket to get out to wherever you were The what is making it at that time because I think it's changed and that's where I was trying to one one Yeah, like nowadays you know, there's different avenues since What social media is out there and you can use that avenue YouTube you can use that avenue Podcasts you can use that there's all these different avenues, but you go rewind 10 years Like there's none of that oh yeah, you can't make a living from YouTube wasn't even a thing Yeah, so nothing so you're just just freaking comedy club the comedy club What was quote making it back then okay, did you get a did you did you did you see that as a possibility? I got three thousand I remember it again. May three thousand did the comedy central like 10 minutes or something and they give you a three thousand three thousand for comedy central Yeah, you do 10 minutes they give you $3000. Yeah, the big-ass network a comedy center That's like these fight organizations It's the ultimate fighting kind of the all-the-eye was comedy. It was just it was like obviously It was just a different day. It was just a different day no wider. It's just a different organization, you know But then also they had all the eyeballs then they had the eyeballs and so yes So you got a little money and then you start to get a little neurotic no rioty from the deal from like you could Show people oh I really am a comedian that was that that's the scariest part of the comedian Because you're a comedian and Then do you could tell people here a comedian, but it's a real weird thing to tell people until you have some proof That you are a dude because unless not you could be a just a Just a I'm a comedian for all-perfect You're a person right you know, well, I'm a comedian you can be a murderer Do a better suited to be a murderer than a comedian. It's all good definitely man and I always love Pippin Tom and man since I was a kid did I love Pippin Tom that's really not one of the best things to talk about on the podcast If you want to maintain you know yourself not being a person Look, I'm a recovery freaking pita your baby, you know, but that's one thing you need about recovery and being on the circles I have friends that are flashers dude I have friends that have I mean I have friends that have just gone and knocked on the devil's door Dude and waited there till he opened it. You know, I'm saying bro and the devil works over time. Yeah, rarely as he hung He's 247 open in that door up. So if you're a male and out there does hanging on that friggin velcom So so comedy central you got this money and now you're kind of I mean other calm coming to you I'm gonna choose yes, but also other comedians you're kind of like elevated right? Yeah, you started to get elevated You're sort of a man yeah Little bit you get enough that booth that then it tells you okay this path is starting to choose you There's I think there's a unique moment in different paths where Your chew your your your putting yourself into the path and then the path is also saying hey You know putting its handouts and I do believe that for a comedians man at a certain point it kind of chooses you So once you do comedy central now our when you're going to a comedy club are you headlining now? You have a credit you're getting close and you're starting to headline and then you get like 1500 a week So that's when you can start to save a little money and and And you're not selling tickets though you were just most people are coming there's a few people come to see you maybe 10 15 people But also back then the The clubs had all the email list they were a gatekeeper so they you know you don't have all that you can start to put it together We'd put the cards on the table fill it out and like But then you're coming before you have to do that and and I did it all man put the boxes with the cards See are you do you have a manager or whatever like that thing? Yes, you have a manager that helps you through the agencies to get booked But you don't have you taking their cut. Yeah, they take their cut so you're getting 1500 bucks and they're taking one 50 On 50 and then the agent would take one 50 and so then you down a 12 there but But yeah, you still grind it and I still didn't have any other In life there's only so you you I find you I mean they're doing something that I want to be doing or I'm a touch in my life to other people And maybe starting a family kind there's not really a ton of different things to do you know Really I mean you just so I didn't I didn't have anything on that other side of the coin I didn't have any place where I felt like I could make a commitment or start a family so I'm like well This is this shoe just fits so well right now. How how many days a year are you touring at this time? Oh, I did man. I probably did 48 weeks a year I toured hard man. I toured I toured hard man. I really did and some of and here's a crazy thing. This is one thing I noticed about a brain of somebody that has has maybe issues with Alcoholism stuff like that my brain forgets that My friend forgets work forgets all that I did all that work So my brain every day has this weird govern around it that's like man you You got to do something and you know you haven't done anything you know I got this weird and I sometimes I don't know where Some of that comes from and and those are things. I still want to figure out in my life You know where does that come from you know some of those things so Those are things I love kind of thinking about and talk with people about it's like um Yeah, where do these weird like This weird legal system that's that I built into my soul Where does that where does that all come from and and it's interesting you can figure some of the times you can figure some of that out by talking with other people about That sort of thing anyway. What do you feel like the prosecution and the defense are our arguing over with the legal system? That's in your head But the prosecution is always just a never there was never like a base foundation that I'm okay So when I don't have that then anything else has a really good chance of infiltrating and Getting really into me because there never was this Like out of friend one time who just texted me that hey man, you're okay, you know just out of the blue And because he knows we talked about stuff he's in recovery and Man, that shit just hit me like never in my life. I just heard that or and it just came through it a certain way where I heard it I was like oh man and just I'm just like ball. I'm just like So I think just when you don't have that weird that foundation of that anybody just telling you that or the world To are just like you feel in it, you know them you feel sometimes you always will feel susceptible to any other Then of course you have to build your own Thing in your head that's like you gotta get going you gotta get you gotta pull yourself up by the bootchecks You so you do that But then after you're doing well even that thing still going on that's a childhood system You put in that bitch is loose dude and that bitch is out there fucking party is got tits dude You don't understand this turn it up and it's fucking it It just doesn't there's no control but that thing has been with you for so long That is hard to get new systems in place to stop those survival things because something had to be in my head It's tell me to keep going you know But as you get older it's just still running on the same childhood system the same original DOS or whatever Microsoft DOS So did you ever have a point where you're like in In freakin whatever upstate New York you just performed in front of seven people that were talking while you were up on stage And then you had to pay the money and you were like, you know what dude? I'm going to get a job and make it these Did you have that Yeah, yeah, I got a do in tacos selling Mexican food to peeing and I'd sold all kind of food to people of a restaurant and stuff like that I used to sell I sold Mexican food to people when I was younger too But did you ever have a point where you would like yeah, I gave up at that point. Where's a point where I gave up? Oh, you gave up on comedy at some point. Yeah, I had this girl had it was in this long-term Relationship and I went back to New Orleans and worked at a bar and we was selling Mexican food to people above board it was legal shit and And they had a Margarita machine in there and I was working at that boy, you know, and just doing what I could and And then I have some guy came in who worked neck is door and he said like one thing to me and it just Set me off like true did you like a chopper something? Yeah, treating me like I was somebody that didn't It was like some rich do some rich, you know Second hand generation rich or third hand generation rich, you know somebody look I'll say this somebody in their family probably had some cotton on them Okay And when I was more of a polyester bad boy, you know, I was saying I was one of those fucking You know, I was saying those synthetic fabrics. Oh, okay Racism free daddy. Okay So this dirty said something. Yeah, and it just And oh and his family partially owned the place. It was a business next door. They sold wine Like Gary V or whatever a guy's name is Jerry V telling people to fucking sell their home is sleeping or york You know what I'm saying and that dude was raised on a damn wine wine farmer So he said it if fucking you don't say and dude hiding grapes in his ass at night Freezing grapes and fucking hiding in his ass and he's telling people how to struggle dude That guy had his mind like oh damn dude. Oh, he still have silver wearing your house fucking sell it and he shows up You know like hugged the dude the guy can't even he has nobody get food in his mouth You know the guys fucking just knuckle and threw some powder knuckle and threw some bouillon base and he's like No worries me. He's $76 last night and he hugs him You know what I was saying is like what the fuck And they'd drive off in the family just standing there in a park Another winner How is it fucking My dude any hugs. Oh he sold two extra Christmas sweaters. You didn't need from last year They're all in the gather What is going on there Oh But anyway, I don't what it looked man. I got just loves a boy boy kid I was sorry the videos. I'm not saying the guys that is for a guy The videos though and the guy grew up well off Well, no, I think he actually didn't grow up well off. That's part of his that's going to be lying No, you partially lying, but it's not really lying if you don't know but he was You know his dad owned like a corner-lick restore or something and he did you know he got a after-increated the But in my neighborhood a core liquor store industry was a winery Yeah, so if you're looking at it from maybe from field walls perspective. Oh, yeah, he grew up like big time Oh, yeah, like a tease dude over here Huh, sling in that reeling So this rich dude comes in he says something to you. He said something and that night I broke the margarita machine. I set that bitch on and broke it and I knew that call some probably about 600 And I was in and I didn't go back there man and then I went back to LA and I was kind of yeah I didn't want to be Yeah, I couldn't commit to the relationship I was in and I just went back to LA and so And then things like I started I don't know what happened then, but I started picking up some steam and that's when pot some podcasting started and And I just was really fortunate man. You know my producer Nick Davis who's a great guy as a huge fan of yours And so you were gracious enough to come on and rogue and had me on his podcast at the same time and a couple of other little things happen where Suddenly a kind of had a fan base. I don't know if there was much space in between Oh, I didn't Netflix special that didn't do anything Then wait, what came out first the net flick special it looks yeah, okay, so that thing came out But it doesn't really matter no one really notices It did not the man. I was so excited. I remember I went to chat new gum all fired up and I'm thinking it's gonna be packed man And it was a small it was even a big club and there was nine people in there So when stuff like that happens That's got to be tough to power through. I mean when you're especially with everything you've said so far tonight About the one people laughter and approval and all this stuff and you really send that flick's piece And this is Echo what do you think man? I'll say that for so many him echo you don't even repeat much Oh It's painful oh it's painful, bro But when painful here's a crazy thing about painful man When most of what you know when your life feels like painful then I think shit like that just kind of fucking fits on the ship So how are you so for other people right because other people are having their chat and you go experience We're nine people show up there having you know whatever happened in their life. What did you do? Because here's another thing when you you know we talk about Gary V and I've I people will assess this about me too Because it's like hard work hard work hard work and I just had this conversation with someone the other day They're like you know yeah, my company hard work doesn't necessarily mean you get promoted I'm like that's true everywhere hard work doesn't necessarily like you can't just expect I'm just gonna work hard work hard work hard and that then things are just gonna happen If that if it was I hate to say if it was that easy and a lot more people do it not everyone do hard work But a lot of people would do it a lot of people would start working hard But you gotta have like you I'm sure you've seen comedians along the way that were really hard work They're doing hey I wrote another 19 jokes and like and you read them and they all suck right? So when you get done with this Netflix special you're all amped your expectations are so high You show up. There's no one there How do you how do you power through that how do you get through that what you do? I don't know I made out with this big dick girl. I remember that Okay, bro can we get some like some a little bit more than thick girls making out okay? I mean that's how uh Okay, you been there to be in from the islands or whatever So yeah, man. I mean it's like I freaking did it you know. I remember yeah Well, that was it that was an interesting thing about comedy clubs It's coming comes just a bar. It's a bar hook to a stage so it's like then there was always a couple You could always get a couple drinks at the end of the night to kind of say shit yourself and I was never a big drink I'd have maybe two drinks you know, but um But after that I don't know I started to get You know I don't know really what happened. I just knew that that wasn't it that Holly oh somebody wrote an article I remember right when my special came out and It said like oh This would be Donald Trump's favorite comedian or something. It was like a negative It was I think it was right around the time maybe when some of that campaigning was started or something And it was and a lot of my stuff is sarcasm like a character also it's me, but it's also this it's a Our caricature of like where you're from right right it's a mix really Right and that made me really not trust any of like Hollywood tabloids any of that kind of shit so And it just was so debilitating you works so hard and somebody just does something just completely errands and aimless you know When you watched your own Netflix special Will you like oh yeah, oh you kind of like damn oh you neutral I Feel okay about it. I felt like I went too fast during the material. I felt like I was probably a little nervous and went too fast So I never really looked back on it super fondly But but then at that point things started to evolve in some podcasts and started going from my perspective So I didn't know who I didn't I this is it's funny because as I was like reading about your background and trying to figure out Because I thought you just like everybody thinks I thought oh he just made it famous overnight or whatever That's kind of and I didn't as I researched I was like oh this dude's been doing comedy for like whatever two decades or a long time Yeah, I saw a long time and There was a video it was free corner That little video that you made you know what I'm talking about free corner. Yeah, dude with that bus. Yeah, yeah You that great-hand dude. Yeah, we just had a great-hand driver on the podcast man. I used to go around all the time I think I go in there somebody freaking somebody's like you want to see something and it's always their dick I know you don't understand bro. It's like come on bro So so the you do pull his dick out of a hat, you know like how you even get your dick in Yeah, you know, that's supposed to be a rabbit Just a lot of pretty shit magicians man out there, bro So I saw that thing and and just I was dying laughing I kind of shared it with all my friends because everyone kind of likes MMA and here You were talking about you know bust and ever and kind of my generation did went on Greyhounds, right? So we kind of knew I don't think a lot any in California like no one takes public transit So it's different but across the country man you've been to a Greyhound station or Or you've seen some you know you've seen some shit man in your life if you've been to Greyhound You've been to a girl. Yeah, dude. I saw a lady drinking a can of Baby formula dude Simple apple. Yeah, you said that on that video. I didn't even know I didn't like what I thought it was some kind of True I That's making me think I had a Google it man. So so you did that You go on rogan for the first time and this is what I want to say is that when I think you had like a or you have and still have like a Like a full of vulnerability and honesty about yourself that I think is really different and I think that That is what makes people make makes people made me the first time I heard y'all's like oh, yeah, he's not He's exposing himself, you know not in it's not in the way that your friends do whatever the flashers are that you're hanging out with but Exposing yourself. I'm not saying you were on a text like a You know support But yes, so I think that was a huge thing that I think a lot of people connected as soon as they kind of heard you and heard you talking to Joe And and freaking Joe. I mean obviously his his podcast is so massive and and he's such a good guy And you know was telling everyone oh, yeah, this guy's hilarious. I mean I remember he told I think you told me Yeah, he did he was like well, if that's guys freaking hilarious. You know how's like hey, do you be seeing this similar act Bang or whatever whatever brought it up he's like oh, I guys hilarious So so then you when did you start your podcast? I Started I did a podcast with a friend for about probably two years that was about more like interviewing people that was in Hollywood My friend worked at TMZ and we tried a podcast together and it was fun But I didn't get to be myself. I had to like it was more interviewing You know and I didn't really like that as much and so then once at one day I walked out of Rogans and I said I need to do something more like that I didn't know that that's I don't think I knew until I was there and hands on in the environment that that's the way you could do it Even by listening I didn't get the concept a hundred percent And then I walked out of it. I need to do something more like that And so I just started then I started one of my kitchen and just started kind of talking about stuff and things that I was thinking about and uh And yeah, and it's been Yeah, it's been a it's been a place sometimes where I share maybe more than I should sometimes and I don't realize it It's been a lot of different things man Um sometimes it's been a blessing because it's the It's like that thing that keeps me going each week. It's like a guaranteed thing You know the longest relationship I've had in my life sometimes is with my podcast and a lot of ways. It's the one thing that I'll show up for every week even um Even on times I noticed like why don't feel good like the past maybe two years I haven't felt really good Something's I think physically kind of I don't know what it is. I'm doing like a lot of blood work and doing all these different therapies and like Trying to kind of figure out why don't feel as good as I used to I physically don't feel good So The hardest thing sometimes is we don't feel good to go in a into an environment and put yourself out. It's like You almost want to hide from people you don't feel you want to wait to you feel okay to get out there and like you know So that's been one of the most challenging things is on weeks where I don't really feel that great To put myself out put myself right there It's like you just sometimes you like man. I don't want to see people to see me not in my best Especially when The only thing I've always had is my own image how you see me. It's like it's it makes it real dicey sometimes But at the same time man. I've learned a lot about people through Podcasts and you know I'm just enamored to none of the people that come out and the sweet the release nice stories that they share you know Uh, um, and then people will share stuff with me that mean something to them sometimes like Some guy came up to me this morning at the cafe and said hey man. I got five years over you know and And you just so excited when you see how somebody's life gets different or better and Not that I have anything to do with that. I don't feel like I do but just that he wants to share that with me and then he feels okay share and you know Um Things like that man. It's That's one thing I've learned I think through podcast and is really a power in kind of Even though it's not real human connection. It's not the hand-to-hand combat of Of human connection because we're through microphones and stuff It's been surprising to me how many people connect you know and how many people feel and How much feelings you can get through stuff. It's it's pretty remarkable sometimes So anyway, I don't really know what I'm talking about but Yeah, it's interesting because you were made it you know you're joking around earlier about how You know you're sorry, not being funny right now on this podcast or supposed and that's what's interesting about that is You you have some pretty serious stuff that you do on your podcast. You have some you know You kind of sometimes you open up about stuff and how you feeling and it maybe it's not feeling that good and And again, I think that people tune into that because look man if I Guess I guess you could try and like fake being funny or fake being in a good mood But I don't think you can really fake it 100% where people really believe it and I think it's better that you Just be who you are and and you know if you got something if you're not if you feel like Freaking depressed or whatever then you're like hey, this is what I feel like right now and it makes people comfortable that there's someone like you who's usually funny and it seems to have a pretty good life and all But something like hey man, this is freaking hard right now for whatever reason whatever that reason right might be and You know I think when people Just knowing that someone else is kind of like bear with them. It's really a shirt. Yeah And the other thing that's interesting about this is you've been saying this whole time you know that you have a hard time with Relationships and long-term and all this but how long you've been doing your podcast for For maybe five years so five years and This is the thing about podcast and I have the same thing where I meet people that listen to podcasts and They feel like we have a relationship. Yeah, and they're right right because You don't get you don't you don't I mean my podcast is three four five hours long I don't think it now I see what happened to you Yeah, you said things probably years ago And there's just not much in there. I bet if we tickle you get a mouth Creep How often do you sit down and talk to anyone for three hours or two hours? I walked out of your room and I remember Tell him I said hey that's the longest conversation I've ever had in my life with anybody It's best you with a man Like I didn't have any male figure. I had you know there was no male Figures in my neighborhood one got shot up a ready-made 24 hour clinic and that was like the toughest do we knit? You know and he was on pill so he wasn't even really doing it out of his own heart so you know we didn't have a lot of uh So I think yes, I've found more probably male influences through podcasting Then anywhere else in my life really which is kind of interesting You know And sometimes uh yeah, I don't know podcast and powerful and here's one thing that's neat too Jaco is I mostly meet people Who I would like to meet anyway Hmm it's like they got it came up to me this morning. You know I would like to meet him in you know like He was some people's Like I did reach some reality tell was when I was younger you know for a couple years on TV and I would meet people that I didn't know anything about me Just people that see you and That was just there was nothing to it that meant anything really So To meet people where you you They know you somewhat and you so you would have some common ground, you know It's really nice almost it That's one thing it's interesting man. I feel like God has given me this weird way where it's like He He always is trying to show me that people care about me, you know because I think for so long I didn't feel like anybody did you know when I was real real young and I'm not complaining and you know I'm not complaining about it. I'm not I don't need any self pity. I don't need anything like that But I do think it's fascinating how You know he'll send people in every you know every now and then somebody says something No, I just something it's like it's just slow healing of this space inside of me that was just has been uncomfortable for a long time You know and so there's powerful stuff like that going on, you know so And and and and sometimes I can do that for other people you know I know a friend of mine He's in the military. I think his dad had some Well, I probably should talk about my talking on a shop, but yeah, it's just I don't know I don't know man I'm enjoying being alive these days a lot more because I want to see what else Can unfold you know and I don't know if I always felt like that as a kid I felt like more like every day was a battle, you know where is now I'm like man every there's there's a lot of good stuff out there You know and I can be a part of it whether it's for me or somebody else if I can just do my best to take care of myself and Keep myself I don't even have to win every day, but do if I can just show up and get a strong tie dog If I can even fucking tip a judge fam I'm saying dog and pull out that dirty w dog, you know then it's possible and I wish Darren Till would know lost honestly No homo bro Speaking of Fighting what about your jitter where you're at I haven't gone to probably about two and a half months I just kept getting hurt so bad who are you training with man? You got to get fine somebody that's gonna be a little bit more relaxed when I train with you Oh dude, I'm training with locals bro dude and I was one strike white belt man And last time I even left because I couldn't find park and dude, so that's kind of why I'm at right now That's not that That is not a good thing I've been taking a lot of yoga because some of it was my flexibility and And I kept getting hurt so bad like for me anywhere I couldn't like I need to do comedy I was getting ready we just taped a Netflix special it's coming out in October this when I'm proud about I felt excited This one is more of a reflection. I feel like of Just more of a confident me as a comedian. You know, so what what goes into? What goes into that how long does it take to get ready? Who contacts you like what's happened if if echo Charles was gonna do a Netflix special what would it look like How long would it take what do we do? Corribbean I would bet you know Bill offense dude you could be from New York But I would probably do yeah something maybe tropical you know it was some ocean sounds in the back You know maybe get that Viet and me's got to go by drinking that cranberry on the skateboard You know I would get it kind of you know maybe slightly urban you know maybe somebody playing you know Maybe a dog up near a chaint length fence and the bat And then if you can't tell that I would sing dude, I think you would enjoy that There's something I'm watching a strong man saying dude it's pretty powerful It's kind of like jewel, but for people in sterile Studying the rain You're always crazy like that What do you ask him out? Netflix special so you got a net of the special coming out so this is what last one maybe you say you didn't feel 100% on this one you feel 100% this one I feel a lot better what made you feel but what made how do you prepare for it? Well one thing I did stop doing was due to just because I kept my ribs kept getting cracked So I mean it was just I mean dude you couldn't do any yoga so when I don't do physical things to take care of myself I start mentally feeling bad Keep point by the way keep point for everybody you just heard it from Theo if you If you can't do physical stuff you're gonna start feeling bad mentally facts So go do physical stuff. Yeah, I have to and it's not even fair for me any more to evaluate myself sometimes If I haven't been physically active because I'm not giving myself a fair chance really You know I have to be able to take care of myself I have to be able to be thinking with a brain that's you know healthy so Yes, so I noticed that but anyway they gave us a budget and we made and I wanted to I wanted to do one where I felt like this one is gonna I'm gonna do I'm gonna do right And I got to hire the production production company and I've gotten to go through the editing more and it's been tedious But the the months before it I had a yoga instructor coming to my home every couple of days I was doing I had a weight trainer I had a weight trainer I was doing a lot of stuff to take care of myself, you know And where'd you dig for the material the material I bought I had about six years to get some good material The hard part was COVID it was so fresh at 2019 the material was ready to go You know it was just like a damn I mean it was really just like a damn newborn like a strong newborn You know I'm saying one that fucking elbow crawls out You know with a can of freaking go in a car I know I said they kind of baby that beats mom Okay, like this thing was ready to go this thing was ten months in the this thing was I go to make Um, and then COVID hits and then COVID hit so then you have all this down time So I did move to Nashville and bought I bought a home in Nashville and because the stage was still open So I could still go and keep this material fresh enough And then I did a couple weeks in LA because there's a lot of stage time there Um about six weeks ago I went there for a few weeks and got it ready and then put it down and put it down in Nashville and It was great man. We had like 6,000 people came out damn and uh that's massive for comedy isn't it? It's pretty good we did three shows of 2000. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, I don't yeah otherwise it would be too big This venue was just kind of real perfect enough to rhyme and over there and Yeah, so it was good man And it was good and I involved myself more in the editing You know, I've seen a lot of the ropes now. I know when I can assert myself and Sometimes I don't do it that well, sometimes I'm too aggressive. Do they record all the shows? The first one was so bad it was like people were haggling We built a set that literally looked like a pedophiles Like a pedophile it opened a candy shop do that's how it was okay. Like this is on purpose No Now great question And you still don't say anything You know you could listen at home, man Okay, you're making people uncomfortable I'm just joking bro. He's a like a nice guy. I'm just just joking but I don't want to make it So you make this And it looked bad bro. I got there. I was so angry when I saw the set Because I didn't make it somebody that I paid somebody what make it what was the goal of this set It was supposed to the back of the rhyme and has these beautiful windows and We wanted to make the windows on stage. He's colorful kind of church churchy churchy kind of windows And we didn't do it. It looked like so did they change it that night? It looked like a gingerbread house dude for John Wayne Dacy It was like as if he had entered a sweet G-B-G-B house contest for he freaking got busted if he did it Who if he did it? But it was so bad bro Even the next day the guy came we call him was like get these fucking things out of here And I took one of the way to his through it out of the floor over the railing outside pieces shit I mean a kid could make it look like a kid school thing So the next night we just went with a flat curtain red curtain and uh And we carpeted the stage was just a little interesting. I've never done that It's just a little bit kind of explosive to take the reflection off of the stage so it would give us a better lighting out some better lighting opportunities And then they record them all and they recorded them all yeah and then you Depending on which night you did the best you might take a chunk from here and a chunk from there. That's pretty much how you put it together It pretty much about and you know we just did like two-thirds from one show and one third from another The crowd was much better the second night. We had to get the tell the people have security You know or just have some control over the audience and people wanted to be helpful, you know And also the Netflix hit us a couple days before and said everybody has to have a test or a PCR You know or whatever PPCR yeah so that was And I'm just grateful to everybody that came out whether they got a test or made a fake car wherever the hell they did And a lot of people went and got the test man and it just it's just so nice you know It just it just was it's just so nice to go spend an extra half hour the day before you're gonna go to a show Could go and do something because you care enough man Yeah Well that's awesome When does that come out it'll come out in October man and I want to say out for our forget man my friend Josh Colp is in the 527 engineer Battalion It could be okay work go with it. Okay. He's a commander and these They're in collate and they're like working in different bases and stuff right now and I Know he's got a family's not around and I just want to tell him I'm proud of him And thank thank that whole group for their service and And thank all you guys who just can't you have to who can't be with your loved ones, you know because I know they miss you and Thank you Right on the podcast is called this past weekend this past weekend. Yeah, we got It's always nice man. It's been a blessing and this whole you little universe is a blessing and thanks for coming through with those Dimes you brought in last night That's my wife and daughter bro take Because you mentioned because you mentioned you were crazy boys at a paranoia about getting murdered You can go down We're looking at a video. They ever have this to you dude. I will stay far away from them Even then She that no beautiful ladies was nice to see Obviously they love you and it was just nice to see a little part of your life man. It made me feel It's just inspiring you know when I see other people doing the things that are like seeing like the hardest thing for me to do To build from our future. It's like every time you see it like It just It makes things feel a little bit more feasible or that I know if I need help I can ask you or I can ask other people that I know care so It was it was nice. I appreciate you coming now. Well, it's definitely feasible. Who's a great show? Appreciate you being out there. Appreciate you making everyone laugh I can already see we're gonna have to do this again. We have a little bit more time. Yeah, with low-to-home Sorry I have to go I'm thinking five hours next time but what I do I don't know I don't know man, but we got live I would love to talk more about the stuff and talk more about Um, other things hopefully I have some more BJJ training when I come back so that would be something nice to talk about Awesome man. Let's get you out of here brother. Echo. Thank you nice to meet you brother. Yeah, you too. Oh, you said it, huh? The You know how you thought you mentioned her like you'll run into people and you'll actually have like a little bit of a connection with them Is do you think that Like you know how you share stuff openly more than a lot of people I think Do you think that that is an indicator that you're doing the right thing? Because sometimes like okay, so let's say if you're in the public like And people will approach or whatever I think sometimes they can like miss represent who you are They're like oh, yeah, maybe like they feel like they know you got a podcast all this stuff and then when they The things they say or they try to like relate to you whatever the like they're just way off a lot of the time I think Not not necessarily my sometimes it can be you know, but the fact that like a random quote and quote random stranger can come up to you And then you guys can relate like on a significant like kind of deep level It's just so quickly get there. That's one thing that's fascinating. I mean you could have a moment where you're having a real moment with somebody Like a moment that makes you feel something inside of yourself You know And that's real that that to me comes from somewhere else Yeah, it always like you always struck me as someone who's like so authentic and I think that that that is a big indicator that you're doing the right thing If you can really like relate to people who you never met before that quickly Yeah, thanks man. Uh, yeah, I just I think for feeling so disc it's a lot of it's so new to me feeling connection And so it's fucking like being on a bridge at shakes, you know I don't know what you guys call that and you know, we usually call that a bridge the shake Yeah, but if we do say that sounds people are technical It's telling people believe it, okay Um, but yeah, for me a lot of that stuff is just I'm a late I'm a late bloomer and a lot of like kind of I think emotional kind of ways honestly And I'm not ashamed of it or anything like that You know, um, but it's not on's in a world where you want to be tougher You know, it's it's uh, it feels It feels tough to sometimes learn later in life But yeah, I think it's nice and sometimes I don't know what Roll God is using me for you know You know and I just want to try and keep myself the best In the best way that I can so he can use me for the best, you know like um And I really I really believe that, you know, and I don't mean it in a way like I'm some kind of hero or anything I just You know if I can take care of myself well, I believe and I believe this for anybody that he that Or you aren't your higher power doesn't it could be whatever your higher power is can use you for good, you know And we need more good out there and we need each other, you know Anyway, I sound like a fucking weirdo dog. Do I sound like a weirdo? Kind of okay. Sorry. You mean you go? No man. I think I think I think I go spot on it's kind of kind of mimics or or Reinforces what I was saying earlier. I think the reason that you're popular right now is because you Review yourself because you're open and I think people you're you're real person and I think people connect to that and And I think it's awesome because I think it allows people to connect to themselves So I say Keep doing what you're doing. Theo Vaughn. I appreciate a man and I appreciate you guys have me man I really do it's good. It's made me feel excited like I'm doing the right thing. I don't know bro gang maybe And with that Mr. Theo Vaughn has left the building. Yes He had to go bad planning on my part He had a tight window. I should have gotten him in here earlier Didn't didn't make that adjustments. We had a bail But we're gonna back he's fired up to come back Seems like we were just kind of getting into some good stuff. You know so With that it is good that Theo Is you know he's on the path he's working trying to get better trying to be better trying to stay on the path sober Clean fitness What was he talking about yoga like the whole nine yards? Some self assessment going on self assessment happening. There was some good stuff in there actually that he just sort of like mentioned Yeah, and I was like wait wait wait We could talk what I didn't want to interrupt obviously, but there's um when he mentioned the thing about your behavior in your thoughts Like your thoughts and actions. Yeah, so your actions Lead your thoughts your thoughts. Yeah, yeah, yeah the other way around doesn't doesn't I would say if I was to assess that statement I agree Your actions can lead to your thoughts I would say more often than your thoughts lead to actions because let's face it Gotta have some thoughts to come up with what you're gonna do. Yeah, but there's a huge huge Space Between having a thought and taking action You can close up that space you're gonna meet a lot better position Yeah, and he and it felt like you talk about so many very specific like like basically It's essentially like take action, you know, yeah Rather than just going around in your head and Tim Ferris, I think yeah, Tim Ferris said that too We're essentially the different way to say it, but the exact same thing is like get out of your head and into your body Yeah, and he meant and Tim mentioned that specifically around like getting out of depression But then what feel is saying is if he's not Physically moving and doing work physically He's gonna be in a bad place mentally. So yeah, you're right to say same thing same thing same cake It's for sure Unless there's a lot of stuff. Yes, you can follow up on the Wii. I can follow up on with you And I will be looking forward to that nonetheless in the meantime But we're all on this path together. I think I feel like it. I feel like we're all sort of When we look up we see other people on the path with us Good feeling it's good feeling so I was doing some thinking about the These okay, so you when you created juggle fuel you essentially made the path pretty luxurious Because think of only you can think about like how it was versus how it is now right? Yeah, okay I mean, yes, you are right. Yeah, maybe luxury Series is not my favorite word. No, I know you maybe have that lingering in your brain from Theo von being on here because he and I had had a conversation on his podcast about Luxury days, right? Yeah, okay, so the the way to put it as far as how you called it one time couple times I was efficient. Yeah, it's exactly right like it's kind of like the logistics part of a of a battle or a war or something right where it's like Oh, yeah, you want these cool new shoes that comfort your feet or whatever. I don't know that's for For example, I think of but you're like no, it's not that I need to be coddled my feet like my feet are in good shape But I can do a lot more running lot more rocking Lot more marching. Yep, seems same so you're you kind of took that approach. Yeah to the path you'll be more efficient even though technically speaking to support your perspective if you have good boots for rocking yeah They are technically will make you more efficient and in some way That is somewhat luxurious compared to a piece of junk boots that are or bare feet or bare feet even down but One could think of it in terms of all this is gonna these bare feet is gonna make my feet tougher When you say one could think of it Is that cousin high school there they're telling you you shouldn't use you the proverbial humor in a sentence It's Sure, yeah, I Think I got it from flight club actually to be honest. What do they say in flight club? I think he said on the plane He said one could make all types of explosives using Ordinary household items and then the other guy said really if one were so inclined So it's like I'm not saying me Okay, I'm saying me, but I'm not saying well it's interesting. That's where you got cuz I went to college and I studied English in college and you you aren't supposed you aren't supposed to say This is you should do this or you should do that you are supposed to say One should say one is supposed to this. Oh, so right right. I don't know to me it It's the language evolves. Yep English evolves and I think we're evolving to a point and I think I evolved to a point Where I say you right and I mean you you Yeah, so in that that's actually good. Okay That's kind of a good point In general because Ben and I said this before where it's it's baffling How good we can communicate, but when you think about this all kind of this is the words you say the tone Byling of like all this stuff is all command a certain message so if you're like hey You'll tell you what you should do is do this and then there's all kinds of Like things that you imply when you say you you don't really mean you should do this You mean you mean a person should do this or whatever and I know that but if I don't know that I'll be like tell me what I should you don't know what I should and shouldn't do so there's a I You have you specifically aquatronics have a really good point and that's why The English language Technically in the highest level you should be I should be saying one should be saying one instead of you So if one I don't even know if he's all right, right there for how to negate Geminate up anyway if you're on the path with you know whether you with somebody on the path or by yourself Where you feel like you by yourself It's not always gonna be easy and to make you more efficient we're gonna decrease the beatings Increase the recovery so we can maximize gains Best way I can put it at this point gains with Z Sure the soul modern English okay, so in muscle building right You have the catabolic state. Yes, me and I mean You have the anabolic state right catabolic essentially there's a lot to it, but is the breakdown muscle rest nutrition induces an anabolic state right we want to upside we want to maximize anabolic state on this path Catabolic stays part of the process as well But that trans transition from catabolic to anabolic we want that to be the luxury we want that to be the efficient part of it Am I right catabolic no brab animal catapulka's bad You go okay, there was a funny guy in one of my cartoons where when he would get hungry You know he'd be walking dude we need to go get some food and go and catapulka right now One of those that's why I said let's read the back out all right well either way We got some stuff for you all right so jockel feel Just talk about this one the energy drink new era new era of energy drink we no longer have to pay a price For enjoying energy drinks positivity good taste stain positive Give you the boost mentally and physically positive positive and makes you more healthy positive It's a health drink that's you have something that has no downside no doubt which is kind of crazy Normally everything has a trade off here no trade off right just put pure upside pure upside kind of like such salmon sashimi Pure upside Tick good good for you. Oh, you're better off good free bring. Yeah. Yeah, the whole period upside so yes In the can Mango okay, this is my opinion okay, I'll admit mango is the best one straight up factually factually in my opinion yeah, all right either way Either way, we're also free joint stuff you you don't want to have to worry about your joints Joint where for super-crile oil also vitamin D and cold waters for your immunity So look when you consider that these things are taking care of on this path you are more efficient More healthy more efficient mental physical boost and as you normally point out these are things You don't want to have to worry about correct. You don't want to be thinking about your joints You don't want to be thinking about getting sick. Yep. You just you want that stuff to be handled handle handle it Does handle it? That's what we're saying. Yep. It's true. Also Speaking of anabolic protein. It's probably nutrition profile of gains as it were So moke a discerr protein informed of a desert another one of these up when win win scenarios No doubt upside taste good. All this stuff is good. Exactly good good for you just upside across the board Jack, you're right don't forget about jockel white tea if you're into tea the OG or original lifting did lift him as well. Yes, for sure. So yes, you can get all these things at the vitamin Chop and G drinks you can get it while off course and also everything is on jockelfuel.com Hey also if you want to if you want this stuff to come to your house all the time without having to think about it If you want that taken care of if you subscribe to any of these things Then we'll ship it to your house for free, which is amazing I did might be not being seem amazing in this day and age because there's some really big companies in the world But do this but it is amazing that you could without ever thinking about it again have super krill oil moke joint warfare Discipline go showing up at your house. You never thought about it again. You just happened. Yeah, what a miracle What an amazing thing subscribe Yep, and life is full of these little miracles from time to time speaking of miracles Origin USA American made stuff I want to say stuff because there's a lot of stuff. There's jujitsu stuff all made in America Jesus cards. Yep jeans goop Impression stuff Um, origin USA.com go there all the stuff on there is American made from the cotton that's grown all the way up until the final product That's a miracle to the last thing in this day and age it is a miracle in this day and age it is a miracle In this day and age it is a miracle to put something on your body that is 100% without compromise made in America and it's the best thing you could possibly buy anyways You know talk about upside Get the best gear Support America support American workers What is upside across the board? Yeah, we're working on big time upside. That's what we're doing. No downside Yeah, speaking of upside so I do have my first pair of Delta 68 jeans Finally realized. Yeah, so here's what that did with the you know you know how like you What you call when you build something up in your mind finally when it comes you have this you know Did it measure up or did it not you have the high expectations yep? So did it measure up here's the thing They do measure up in fact they more than measure up because you know how like you'll say okay they kind of have a stretch Tom cool they have a stretch to them but why not since I don't really have any stretchy jeans Or any jeans with a stretch to them I don't really know that even means one I put them on you know What it's nice It's good. It's like in fact it's hard to go back now. No, there is no going back. It's insane. Yeah, so yeah, dang impressive I didn't know so much could go into I knew stuff goes into jeans. I understand what's weird You it's hard to understand how much better something could be yes it's hard to imagine if you don't know You just don't know you just hard to imagine how much better they can be than a normal pair of jeans Yeah, and again to be made in America with American cotton you know an American buttons American hands as a American hands exactly right So yeah, or do you know say calm that's the spot right there also Jocquoise store it's called jocquoise store so you go to jocquoise store.com and this is where you can get Trying to think of a more interesting way to properly convey the cool stuff you can get but at the end of the day you can just get your t-shirts hats hoodies represent the path I think that's the best way to put it just clean equals freedom good take the high ground or the high ground will take you Some good That's a t-shirt Yeah, yeah, sure. Hey subscribe to this podcast And we also have some other podcast got jockel unraveling with Darryl Cooper we got the ground new podcast We got the warrior kid podcast. Theo Vaughan has a podcast check it out. It's called this past weekend And he talks about stuff and it's both funny and Revealing and Could help you I like listening to it so check that one out. We're um, and Carrie were talking During the break and where at Theo has this It's pretty unique quality about him where He's like funny, but he's so authentic and open about that even not so funny parts of you know and I think some people they'll try to do this and they'll try to like Like quote unquote pull it off, but they lack the full authenticity so they try and pull off the authenticity Yes, and which is kind of a what he call a catch 22 like if you're trying to pull off authenticity That's not enough itself makes it not a thing. Yeah exactly right, but Theo is like a naturally what seems natural like he's a naturally authentic person it sounds like from what you're saying though He wasn't always like that and he had to sort of open up about it over time Okay, so and this is what we're talking about where a lot of times where if you have the Being funny to people Legitimately is it's kind of like a superpower like You can essentially best still one of the best feelings on to a person and make them laugh right that's one of the best feelings You can ever have is like laughing legitimately and you have that as a superpower You're just a funny person right so a lot of people Whether they have like internal issues or not that starts to become the the front running Quality where they're always pushing that forward. You know, they're always leading with that leading with that And it's always successful Meanwhile the other stuff on the inside gets protected You know, so anytime someone feels awkward or anytime someone feels vulnerable Even scared or whatever anything that they don't like they can just boom they can bust out the comedy and And they'll be protected in fact they'll get a payoff from it. They won't just be protected. You know But after a while the stuff on the inside becomes more and more sensitive, you know Where if it even if it's exposed this much it's like well the reaction is a little bit a lot stronger, you know But Theo does a good job in like opening up and exposing that a little bit And at the end of the day as an audience while I'm speaking for myself. It's kind of like you just like him more Yeah, no, he's a very like bogey and he part of the reason that he's like bulls because he is like that like what you're saying and he I even But last night I went and saw him do his Do a comedy stand-up routine. Is that what it's called? Why so I'm doing it and what's cool is like you could see he's not Like he's He's Real up there like he's saying something. He'd like I don't know I'm saying you know that means I don't know what I'm saying. He did that a couple times today I don't even know what I'm talking about right now. He did that a couple times really There go okay well At least we know that we're getting the real real person. Yeah, it's not just a big memorized script that you know Where it's all a big front Yeah, right we don't want the front. Yeah, like a lot of times if you're just talking with your friend and you go off on some tangent or something That's the kind of stuff you're gonna say to your friend you know or your friends behind closed doors, you know just like in your own little environment But yeah, I should sometimes I don't know what I'm talking about you know, but he's like so open with that and I don't mean Open like he's like making this huge effort to be open You just naturally it's like yeah Good guy man. I've spent some time with him and Definitely a really good authentic nice funny guy man. I really like him a lot I'm glad he was able to come on You know another podcast that there is out there. It's called jacca owner ground calm This is the one where in the event of contingencies happening where the world goes crazy Because that's basically the world's getting a little crazy right now Let's say it gets crazy or and they either start I don't know maybe they start injecting advertisements into the middle of this podcast or they start maybe they start Banting parts of this podcast. I don't know what they're gonna do I do know this right now everyone's being pretty cool to us But there might come a time where they where they say hey, we don't want you to do that or we you're gonna follow our rules So we have a contingency In the event that that happens we have a place to go jacca owner ground calm We're building it if you want to join it you can go to jacca owner ground calm the cost $8.18 a month And for that price you give us all a little bit of security in case the contingencies come It's like an insurance policy against podcast apocalyptic And if that comes a lot of podcasts me like well, I guess you're just gonna have to listen to it Advertisement about a freaking mattress Seven minutes We're not gonna put you into that podcast apocalyptic lip dough. We're gonna be there just doing what we're doing So we appreciate that if you can't afford that and you still want to be a supporter You can email assistance at jacca owner ground calm that way you can get You can get it to the underground Which is where you want to be we got a YouTube channel too by the way Struc verified by the way For the video version of this podcast you want to see what the feel looks like if you don't know I think a lot of us already know, but if you don't know phone you can see that video podcast is increasingly becoming kind of the way You know to watch listen to the podcast. So yeah, we have YouTube channel for that. It's called jacco podcast This is the name of the YouTube channel correct correct and origin USA also has one If you want to see what's going on behind the scenes up there. I'll have an album believe it or not It's almost like I made an album you made it Yep, we we may collectively You kind of made it though. I just talked Yeah, anyways if you want to get through maybe a temporary moment of weakness You can press play on your MP3 player of choice and you can listen to Psychological warfare Give you a little boost give it a little help getting through that thank It's also a good way to support flipside canvas you want to hang something on your wall A graphic image that says good By the way, you can go and buy a fake one From you know one of these various places Very fake players that are just jacking yeah, they have the whole good thing written out They sell it on a t-shirt. They sell it on a print and I'm not talking about that I'm talking about them Clearly because there's a lot of people yeah, it is weird super wack a lot of times those though You can all you got to do a think for one second. Just think for one second Like with what they really sell this, you know and then call it this it makes very little sense Oh, so you're saying it's easy to see through the the fake all you got to do is pause for one second And you can see it real quick. It'll say oh navy seal Jocco willink motivational shirt. Okay. Yeah, that's pretty awesome I never thought about that right. Yeah, and that's what they it's so it's like back and they're on these like You know if you're going to whatever trick and dot net Thing that you never heard of but there's like a generic of there's something that you've heard of Like that met that Sell these various t-shirts and posters and whatnot. Yeah, the only jocco shirts official The only place he can get him is jocco's tour No, come I can't think of one single other place. You can and oh if you come into victory I'm a man fitness get one here too So so check that out and if you want something to hang on your wall like a like a picture poster The codemire this is his company man flip side canvas dot com go check that out Hank some cool stuff on your wall books got a bunch of books final spin I don't know what to tell you. We're not even sure. I'm not even sure you know You know you you put something out there in the world you don't know what they're reacts The reaction of the world is gonna be it might be good might be bad so far. We're doing pretty good. Deb Sure, Deb She's she was she was moved. Let's put it to you that way Final spin. I got that book coming out Leadership strategy and tax field manual the code the evaluation protocol discipline equals freedom field manual Way the warrior kid one two three and forget the book for the kids that you know just get them on the path Mike in the dragon. This is a little kid you know get them that book about face by hack worth I wrote the for it on the new version and Extreme ownership and the economy of leadership that I wrote in my brother life babbin We also have echelon front It's a leadership consultancy and we saw problems through leadership go to echelon front dot com for details on that You can also come in one of our live events. We have the master. We have field training exercise We have EF battlefield The next monsters in Las Vegas. It's October 28th and 29th So if you want to come check that out we will see you there We also have an online training situation Extreme ownership academy online leaders of course. We just we just recorded a bunch of new leadership courses So check that out. It's like go one of the gym man. You don't get good you don't get in shape one day in the gym You don't become a good leader one book that you read you got to go to the gym Extreme ownership dot com come check out the leadership gym and if you want to help service members active and retired their families gold star families check out marklies mom Mom, Emily. She's got a charity organization and if you want to donate only want to get involved to what she is doing to help out then go to americas mighty warriors dot org And if you want more of my jury Devolging or you need more of echoes extraneous assertions You can find us on the inner webs On Twitter on the gram on Facebook echoes out echo echo Charles i am at jokker will like and feel Vaughn Well he is at feel Vaughn And thanks to the o Vaughn for coming on the show Thanks for making us all laugh There's plenty of darkness in the world and to know sometimes he shares some of that darkness, but in doing so He brings some light and laughter as well. So thank you feel Vaughn And to all the folks out there In the army navy air force marines that are right now Right now while we're sitting in this air conditioned podcast Thing There there are folks right now out Protecting our way of life and we thank you for it. We could not do what we do without you doing what you do and the same goes for Police and law enforcement fire fighters paramedics EMTs dispatchers correction officers border patrol secret service and all first responders You protect us here at home and again we couldn't do what we do without you doing your jobs every day So thanks to you all as well and thanks to everyone else that's listening and listen We got struggles in life We got And it can be a scrap it can be a fight It can be painful and it can be a battle but the battle will be a little easier if you have some fun So when you can Don't take it all too seriously crack a joke Have a laugh And then go out and do what you need to do Which is of course Continue to get after it And until next time the Zekko and Joko out