 This is Jockel Podcast number 96 with echo Charles and me Jockel Willink Good evening echo good evening And we are going to roll right into some Q&A From people of the interwebs, yes, well, they're not actually of the interwebs. They're from Right everyday life, but through the inner you know is where we receive questions. Yeah, cool Yes, it's been a while right since Q&A has been a while since Q&A. That's cool All right, well First question Recently at my job we got a new supervisor one who happens to be retired army after 20 years He and I had a pretty heavy run-in to which resulted in getting HR involved the end result was that I would not be written up for what he claimed I was doing He tried to make an example out of me almost as soon as he got here assuming I was easy He assumed I was an easy target Anyways to the point even though he and I had a falling out I'd still like to see the guy succeed at his job and become a great leader after listening to your podcast over the last month I'm making an effort to improve our relationship at this job instead of just avoiding the man I've recently purchased your book extreme ownership How do you suggest I present this book to my new supervisor and read or to read without I'm feeling as if I'm belittling him as to say he needs work on his leadership I think you could benefit from it greatly Good question. Yeah, it's actually a question. I've answered on here before Model answer to again because I even learned when I repeat sure This is my latest Version of what I tell people when they need a situation. Yeah, updated version because you get better at things You figure out better ways to overcome challenges Especially when you're presented with the same challenge over and over again, which I kind of am Some challenges like this one. So here's what here's what you do you give it to him and you say you know, hey boss or hey person hey I got this book and I'm trying to really emulate the principles That are in this book. It really hit me and I would I was wondering if I could ask you a favor If you could just look through this book kind of see what the principles are and then If you see me falling out of line with the principles that are in this book Let me know So I can fix them basic things like if I'm not taking ownership of problems if I'm if I'm not keeping things simple If I'm not supporting other people around me covering and moving for them Just let me know that's all I'm asking because I'm really trying to do a better job. Could you do that for me? So then the person says well, yeah, okay fine, you know, and then they read the book And when they read the book sure there's a chance that they're everything and like oh this book is about everyone else And it's not about me right, right? That's possible There is also a chance a higher chance that they read the book and go. I Make a lot of excuses. I play well. There people all the time. I'm probably not doing a great job as a leader And that might be subconscious. I see that sometimes know where people are subconsciously making adjustments Because they don't want to admit that they're the person that that that the problem they don't want to admit that they're the problems So they make these little adjustments kind of subconsciously and other people will tell me that the boss is like changing Oh, yeah, they're they're changing their game. They won't admit it But they are changing their game. So that's what you hope for is that they do they go through that transferation from You know, not taking ownership and treating people bad and not trying to build relationships and all that stuff That makes them into a bad leader into taking ownership building relationships covered moving keeping things simple all the stuff that makes you a good leader That's what the hope is now There's also a chance that this person's gonna hold the grudge Right, we we got to deal with that and I'll tell you I was recently talking to someone that had Step on the toes of another visit another division inside their business Another sales division and you know sales people are Sort of known for being Protective and aggressive. They're protective of their territory. Well, this guy kind of stepped into their territory a little bit Oh, call some bad bad vibes giant rifties You know what I do? You know I I feel like all this animosity now and It's one of those times I just said to myself well, what would I actually do if I was in that situation? How would I try and get this problem solved? Well, what I would do is walk up the person who I stepped into their territory and cause problems and I'd say hey Hey, I wanted to tell you I I totally was out of line when I stepped into your territory That was completely my fault and you know I was just Got target fixation which is bad. I didn't talk to you which is bad. I stepped into your world which is bad and And I left the disaster and I'm sorry that's that all that stuff everything that I just said all my fault and I want to let you know that I completely recognize it and Number one anything I can do to try and redeem that and make it up and make you realize that and anything I can do to support and help you move forward. I don't I will not let that happen again I just want to let you know that so boom just step up be humble a Apologize and Say hey can you what kind of do you to help you what kind of your support you? That's Where I would go with these with this question and then a sort of an addition to that question. Yeah It's kind of like you know when you when you give your boss the book, right? And be like hey, this is what I'm doing is that kind of like when you when you get you know like if someone has a bad bad breath and then you put him gum You know you eat some gum and he said hey you want some gum? Yeah, that's very similar You just break out the gum. You know I was like to do this. You know just to make sure I was like to have a piece of gum just to make sure You know, you want one. Yeah, yeah, you can have you might want to take two Oh, yeah, you think you really can wait Yeah, what if I had bad breath in let me let me handle this before anyone can smell it Yeah, oh, you know that just for my because I laughed sure just remind me of two things I just saw on the on the interwebs one was a person that said Something negative about about the podcast or the book and he said look this guy should just smile He doesn't you never smile anything and someone of course was like you might want to listen to his podcast because he laughs lot and then someone else Said this guy should just pick up a guitar. He doesn't eat his head. No anything about freedom And someone else got us a he does play guitar Cool haters not not new little fact checking Yeah, that's all I'm saying Uh-huh if you want to fill us a maiden round just do a little little fact checking because we're over here laughing We're playing the get box from time to time So you call it the get box get box I've heard that before yeah, you gotta be old school That one I Next question Jacob do you still respect people without discipline? Interesting okay, so First of all my baseline as a person is to respect people That's my baseline now that is not the same as Something we've talked out about before which is that doesn't mean I expect a lot from them. Okay? You see the big difference there. I respect people. I respect you are respect what you're doing that doesn't mean I expect That you're gonna be humble or you're gonna be hardworking or you're gonna be brave or you're gonna even be a slightly deep decent human being I don't expect any that but But I and let me let me phrase this carefully That doesn't mean I don't treat them with respect now you notice that I just changed this Yes, it's not just about I actually respect you. It's I'm gonna treat you with respect. There's a big difference right? I'm gonna I'm gonna treat everyone with respect but as far as actually respecting someone No, no, I'm not just automatically respecting people now I'll treat them with respect because I don't know who they are I don't know what struggled they've had in their life I don't know what they've been through. I don't know that so I'm gonna treat them with respect and it's very similar like a Gigiitsu perspective You don't know Okay, Gigiitsu perspective no-gui, right? You don't know good someone is no, no, yeah, you don't you don't And and this is another thing when you when you know how good someone is and let's say you're better than them If you really understand Gigiitsu you realize that you're better than them because you've been training longer Fundamentally right of course, are there some people that are just amazing athletes? Sure sure But 98% of the people you've just been training longer than them or you just were born a lot bigger than them or a lot stronger than them But you look at them and say you know what if this person hit if we flip this around and this person been training longer I'd be the one getting crushed right so There's that now So so yes, I treat people with respect and And my my attitude is generally to say look I don't know what they've been through so I'm gonna I'm gonna treat them that way Now that being said when Someone just throws away their potential because they lack discipline That kind of bothers me. I mean it doesn't mean that I don't respect them, but I am definitely disappointed And in conditions where there is a gross lack of discipline Just a gross lack of discipline. I do move beyond Just mere disappointment and I do get into the realm of I do not respect that person because they lack discipline so There you go so it's like a respect meter kind of thing and you're starting at the baseline Yeah, I always start with treating everyone with respect Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna treat everyone with respect and if you don't You don't know who you're disrespecting Yeah, right? Who are you disrespecting I mean you could be disrespecting first of all you could be disrespecting someone that is Been through a lot that maybe you should learn from you could be you know you're walking on the street and you disrespect You could disrespect someone that's a psychopath with a gun and Now you're in a shootout with them People are getting you know, I mean you're probably gonna win if you train hard, but still in a sense might be you know bystanders You don't just don't know here you just know who people are yeah, that's a good lesson to learn from your juts human You don't know how good people are you don't know? I'm not just not just how well they train, but what have they been through that day? Yeah in their life You know you meet some people in the wrong day and there could be really a real problem. Yeah So just be careful and you know what's funny. I was thinking about this that being said my My buddy from Scotland his name is Colin and He sent me a text the other day and he was listening to the podcast and he's a very avid listener of the podcast and He said he said finally after 94 podcasts I understand what that being said means and He's right. He said that being said is Basically the verbalization of the dichotomy of leadership and of life and of things and of the world Because that means that being said is when you recognize that one side of things is balanced by another side of things And it's true and in everything there is right like you could say jutsu is the best martial art that being said If someone wrestled in college and there are 262 pounds and you're 145 pounds it's gonna be problematic for you And you could say it about leadership. Hey, it's good to be aggressive and assertive that being said If you're overly aggressive no one's gonna want to work for you so it applies across the board It says opposing forces. So I think it's a good tool To use when you think about things. What is the other side of the Argument what is the other side of the situation yeah and knowing and and studying the other side will make you understand Everything better That being said it could be very difficult Understand anything that's life really So the no expectation and I think we talk I know we talked about this before, but You say I don't have any expectations that's I have no expect very little experts So you can low expectation a lot of times people will take that as like you expect low performance out of me You know, which is different. That's different. No, yeah, yeah, you're right. You're right. You're correct Yeah, because that essentially means that you do have expectations. They're just Like negative you know I expect like low performance out of you. I expect you to do the wrong there something like that I I expect my expectations are low my hope is high. Yeah, I hope that you are out You know hardworking very diligent square away human being that's so technically so obviously you know the difference between Expecting poor performance or just having a clean slate no real expectations and I'm gonna take things the way they come Obviously, you know the difference there. So what would you call when someone says I have low expectations if you Sounds like they expect you to do jump. Yeah, that does that sounds bad. I have low expectations right so But so I guess what your hands up and say hey no expectations Okay, that sounds different. Yeah, right. I so I guess I guess my expectations are closer to the no expectations right? Yeah, I don't expect negativity. Yes, but I don't expect much either yeah when being I like to set a low bar right and then let them and let it be impressed Makes sense so it's kind of like The expectation or respect or and the respect meter is kind of this cool acceptable baseline Just fundamental stuff. Yeah, you know, don't you know whatever. Yeah, don't step on my feet on purpose the first time You know and then with every little action bigger small with every experience with that person the The meter either goes up or it goes down and it depends on the violation or the What every element that's gonna impress you right so right let's say someone It's weird now, you know how like so people we get impressed by like stuff that see it seems like you're supposed to do Did you just say we because are you talking about me too? I think so okay? I don't know that's a total assumption But like okay, are you impressed with people who keep their word? Absolutely Right, yeah, that's an example so You're supposed to keep your word. That's what your word is you keep it, you know, that's kind of what the whole Defining character is tickle so you're saying where it is you're saying Some other person might say well, I just expect people right you're supposed to do that You know remember like how Chris rock on his little stand-up thing he'd be like oh, yeah People want like credit for stuff you're supposed to do like he's like I take care of my kids So like yeah, you're supposed to take care of your kids, you know Kind of thing but when you think about it, are you impressed with someone who takes good care of their kids You kind of are right? Yeah, but that's not to say you expect them not to though Really you just you just you just have what I'm saying which is no expect close leaning towards no Expect yes, and then when you experience it You kind of follow one side of it, you know whether it be like yeah That makes me happy. It makes me happy that you're doing what you're supposed to do that's what it is right there Right pretty much like when you showed up today I was happy wait you were a head show well. Yeah What I showed up in saw you here. I was happy you were here. Yeah, but you're supposed to be here We agreed we were gonna be here right. That's happy. That's cool. I guess What I was there just stoked to see me. Oh, yeah I wasn't impressed but I was happy Okay, I'm just trying to get to the bottom of it anyway Even know what you're getting the bottom two, but maybe we could do another question just your expectations and respect You know really the whole the the meticulous and specific dynamics of that That's what we're going for there. Okay. I think anyway next question cool. Yeah real cool Jockel what do I do when one of my teammates isn't really pulling their weight They used to be pretty good but things have gotten downhill How can I get how can I get them to fix themselves? It is extra tricky because he's a friend of mine Okay, well you got your your teammate slash friend. That's not pulling their weight and How do you get them back in the game first thing I'm gonna do actually the first thing I'm gonna do Is I'm gonna help them I'm gonna help I'm gonna take some weight off of their shoulders. I'm gonna I'm gonna actually step in and say oh Hey echo you know you got that that project working on and you know with that little time and you got Hey, I got to how I'm gonna stay at the office a little bit late tonight anyways I'm gonna knock you just give that to me. I'll just hammer it out tonight I'm gonna be here anyways because I got to pick up my kids late from school. Is that cool? Just take a little way off sure Just do what you can you know maybe just Carey some how do you know what that person's got going on at home? Yeah, right? What are you gonna jump right down there throat and get all of them Their face make it worse and get things worse when actually that person has a sick kid or has a problem with their Husband or wife or whatever and now we're getting in their face and getting their grill about it No, I'm just gonna lean in and give them dim a hand That that seems like what a good teammate would do especially if the person's your friend so get in there and hopefully They'll say hey hey thanks You know what I got this problem at home or thanks. I got this health issue going on. I do hey no problem That's and guess what we just built a little relationship. We did on that a little bit tighter We were friends now we're even a little bit tighter friends. Yeah, so that's a positive thing now There's also a chance of course that Well and to continue down that story eventually they get healthier Are they solve the problem at home and they get back in the game and then we're all good and guess who the next person that might need a little assistance? It might be you You might be the one with a problem with a health issue with the sick family member or whatever and you're the one that might have to lean on them You want them to get in your face and start yelling at you about pulling your weight Or do you just want them to say hey I got I got some capacity right now. Let me help you out Yeah, right it's it's so clear how you want to handle that number one you just want to take some ownership of what's going on Now there is also the chance that once they've come back or it or that you you help them out and they like Start looking at you and saying oh, you know Jocco's just gonna do all my work for me Jocco's just gonna you know I can just lean on him. He's just gonna do everything. Oh, I gave him one task I'll get all let them do this other tasks that I've decided. I let him do another task. I'm gonna sign And if people start giving me their work to do good I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna do their work. I'm gonna do their work And if they want to me to do all of their work. I'll do all their work and eventually they won't have a job anymore and then I'll take their job And then I'll have I'll get promoted and I'll hire more people that are gonna do the right thing and get after it, right? So that's okay When somebody wants to put themselves on report for being lazy By allowing you to do work their work for them Allow them to fill out that report in full detail And and the other thing is so then do you do you jump up and down and say look I'm doing Echo's job look Come to no no no no you don't do that you don't do that you don't need to do that You may want to do it because you feel like you need to do it, but you don't sure you the recognition will come You just need to be patient of course on top of all this there is some Indirect coaching that you can do to turn it up speed you know as opposed to saying your screw-up echo and said you say Hey Echo I got some extra capacity with what's going on. It's or anything I can do to help you out You know you know is there any support that you need because I know you you're this part of the task is a little bit bigger than mine and so You know is there anything I can do to help you get the job done? You need any support for me Because I'm actually elevating you a little bit by saying your task is harboring challenging and bigger and more important Or you can also say hey Is there anything we should we need from the boss to to help us down here? Then he's supported we should get from up the chain of command because I think if we go to the unified front we could get some help. I'm I'm actually feeling pretty good about my area of Responsibilities, but are you feeling good about yours because if not maybe you need some more support We could get it from if we go to the boss as a unified front make it happen and Then you say oh yeah, we know what I got this and I need another person or I need some more man-hours or whatever the case Maybe we get you moving in the right direction And that's it What if they're just lacking they're just lacking cool Let them slide yeah, let them slide yeah, let them slide there's also there's also a thing where A lot of times when I come and take you work from you if you're not just a turd you'll be like Like hey, you know jocco you did this last week. I got it man. It's no problem You you as a human being will feel like you're not carrying the weight for the tribe and when human beings feel like they're not carrying the weight for the tribe They they want to help they feel like they're not gonna get their their peace of meat Right, so they want to help out You know you've ever seen that you know, that's what your mom used to do to you when you were kid Just they just be cleaning you something you got it. You feel like okay I need to help yeah 100% or you'll see you know your wife but wife will do that to you Yeah, yeah, yeah, I still do that to me all the time actually every single time so you know how like You know I don't know Saturday comes, you know We don't have any plans on Saturday so I'm cruising and My way starts taking on this kind of big cleaning project the garage Hmm whatever. I don't know garage in my case And then she'll kind of walk to be like hey You know, what do you want me to do with this thing that I found in the back corner of the garage? What do you want to do with this? And then three minutes later she back what do you want me to do with this? Yeah Yeah, well, no well, yeah, of course that happens all the time But as far as the example for this the comparison is she'll be like Hey, can you clean out this whole thing right here and I'll be like oh, yeah, you know like I didn't really plan on that whole big project right now So you know, maybe I'm kind of doing this Unimportant thing or whatever I'll be like yeah, I'll do it in a few minutes, but then I'll see her doing it Oh yeah, I'm seeing and then doing my work about all right I gotta do it. I can't let her do my job because it's kind of my job now. Yeah well one time my wife on the opposite on the spectrum We were planning to redo my backyard a little bit And we were gonna put in like a five foot retaining wall with you know concrete block and dig a foundation and all that And then re backfill the soil to fill it up to the level of the five foot retaining wall and So I kind of talked about my wife with you know, I was gonna you know, hey, with this So what we're gonna do we're gonna build this retaining wall with some steps here or then it'll be good We can backfill we'll have a level yard to be really nice and so to then like on a Sunday at like One o'clock in the afternoon She's like well, why don't you build that retaining wall today? You know it was like you know, it's a little late in the day to for me to start that project Right now. Why you gotta get it all done because this was like a nine-day project That's why oh she wanted you to build it right in there. Hey, what are you doing this afternoon If you don't do anything how much of build a five foot concrete block retaining wall over here with drainage and then backfill and put saw down That sounds like something you could do in the afternoon. Yeah, hurry up. Oh, it's your week Next question I'm not talking that good into my microphone whichever Jocco I'm a high school teacher. I consider myself the leader in the classroom How do I demonstrate extreme ownership in the classroom for example one of my students miss behaves how do I take extreme ownership of their behavior? Okay one way to do this and And I do this with my kids. I did it with my puttune guys Do it with jiu-jitsu kids whoever and what you do is you do exactly what you're saying you want to do which is you take ownership So what that means is you take ownership of their behavior so when something goes when the kids miss behaving You say hey, what am I not making clear to you? That you continue to act like this because obviously I must be doing something wrong because I'm the teacher and you're in here acting like an idiot and Disrupting everything what am I not doing well? How could I convey this message to you that that you should not like that? I'm not only that, but how can I better make you understand that what you do right now is going to affect and impact the rest of your whole life Because I want you I'm supposed to convey that to you as a person that If you get engaged in class you're going to have a more successful and better life and that's what my Kind of goal is and so what I want to know is how I can better explain to you That your behavior while you're in here from Classroom attendance to having big outbursts of skipping class to not turning in your homework to failing tests all those behaviors that you kind of display on a regular basis I need to find a better way to Explain to you that the way you are acting right now will absolutely dictate where you're going to be in the future And it in by the way, it's not a positive thing It's not a positive thing at all your life is going in the wrong direction and as a teacher I'm supposed to move it in the right direction. So what do you think I could do better to help you understand that? So there we go that's that's that's what that's one method And by the way, I've used that with my kids too. That's a very effective method for parenting is isn't Why did you not clean your room? It's how did I fail as a father to To make you understand that basic fundamental hygiene is a positive thing Where did I where did I fail? And that's actually the cleaning room example is in a great one, but when it's something a little bit more Sivier than that something like when they really do something that's outside the lines right And you say instead of saying you know you went outside the lines you're messed up instead you say I'm sorry that I Couldn't convey to you the importance of these lines and why we don't go out them and now now now I'm looking at you and I'm thinking I don't know what mistakes I made and I let you down as a as a father Because clearly you don't understand the boundaries of of what is good and what is bad And I feel like I let you down and That for my kids provokes a better reaction than you that you screwed up. Yeah, yeah Now If going on the other thing you can do here is you can explain how their behavior affects and impacts everyone else in the class and That you as the teacher is not only responsible for their behavior which you are but you're also Responsible for teaching every single person in the class And and that you own that you own the education of these other kids and that you're not gonna let one kid Distroy the experience for everyone else because that is not fair and you will not do it I'm not gonna let that happen not gonna let you come in here and impact all these other kids with your negativity and your bad behavior These kids are here to learn they actually want to do something with their lives They want to take over and dominate they want to win And I'm looking at you and I think you must want to lose because that's what that's where you're heading That's what you want to do is lose in life Because these other kids they want to win So I'm not gonna let that happen. I'm not gonna let them lose because you want to lose if you want to lose You can go do it on your own time in the principal's office And then you maybe you have to kick them out of class, maybe you have to suspend them for or whatever and I think that then you have to let people understand that just like you take ownership They should take ownership of their lives, right? That's the fundamental thing that you're getting at and Lastly, and this is something that I think is very hard for young kids to understand Young kids meaning the ages between like 15 and 20 Maybe 25 some kids get it earlier, you know some kids understand it earlier, but Understanding this thread of this thread of the passage of your life and that the way that you act right now Effects the way you're gonna be in a week in a month a year in five years and ten years and kids do not Understand that they do not understand. I didn't understand it when I was 10 12 15 18 30 You know what I mean like well, I think I think actually what one of the things one of the best things for me Is that when you join the military they show you that thread and it's very clear they're like hey you do this and you get promoted You do this and you get advanced you get this and you get your paycheck You get this oh and you do this other thing you don't get a paycheck You didn't do this other thing you go to the brick you do this other thing and you will you'll won't make it through seal trading Yeah, so you know that was for me I shouldn't have said get promoted because for me it was Get too seal training and get through seal training. I didn't care about getting promoted. I never did But to get when I was 18 years old to get too seal training and to get through seal training That was a crystal clear path for me and I saw it and as soon as I saw it I said okay, I will not veer off that path what they tell me to do. I'll do now There's nothing that's that solid for a civilian right first civilian to say okay if you do this right now You're gonna get into this college. Yeah, if you get into this college and you get these kind of grades You're gonna get this kind of job. There's no real clear path like that and so it's harder to draw that thread for people But I think you can do it. I think you can show examples of Of where you end up in the societal structure based on your behavior as a teenage person a teenage human yeah Yeah, that's gonna be hard Just straight up. That's just gonna be hard for a teacher because because of the time constraints like that or the time Limitation you have with it with it kid. Yeah, I think one thing that is I've done with with my kids Is I look at other human beings in the world with them and I explain to them that that's a person That's a person. I was talking about this with my son. It left such an impact on him Yesterday we were down at the beach early morning one time years ago. He was probably probably eight years old We were going surfing waves were good by the way. It was a big day. Hell yeah, we got done and so now it's 7.38 o'clock in the morning and There's a guy that's a obvious drug Induced state of mayhem and he's got five cops and they get him down and we're watching this whole thing and he's yelling swearing And they put a spit bag on his head So he's just full on crazy and you know my son saying what is that dad? You know, it's like, oh, that's a spit bag So that this guy doesn't spit on these police officers that are down here doing their job And I said this is what happens when you go on drugs This is where you end up you end up with no shirt on one shoe RIP jeans you you have a spit bag on your head your handcuffed and you're going to jail That's where you end up. That's where the path leads so Don't do those things don't don't start down that path and it's the same thing you know it's with my daughter and And we saw what do we see? I was pointing out to her again someone a woman that clearly didn't have a place to live You know she was a homeless person and I You know walking with my daughter and we see the woman with the shopping cart and it's filled with you know stuff Crap and sleeping bags and cans and whatever clearly a homeless person But the was weird and the reason I specifically point out was because she looked somewhat you know somewhat normal and Yet you could tell that she was not doing well and so you know I said to my daughter I said What do you think of of that person and she's obsessed? I don't know what do you mean? I said well Do you think that person wants to be there? And she said well, well, no, I said well, how do you think she ended up there? And she said I don't know and I said you know I don't know not I don't know either But that's a real person and when she goes to bed tonight she's gonna be underneath the bridge somewhere She's gonna be cold. She's gonna be wet. She's gonna be miserable and That is how that's her life. That's where she ended up So Some choices that she made along the way may have contributed to that And what I'm saying to you is make choices that will contribute to you not ending up in that position Because those people that you see that are homeless that are addicted to drugs Those people are actually people and You can it's very easy to view them as oh, I can never be there. They're not they're different species than me They're not That's I guess that's the that's the point of my story is that it's really easy For people to look at other people and think that's not I could never be there that could not happen to me and my point to my kids is Oh, yes, it can if you make the wrong choices Good, hey, you know what you could be bad luck sure it could be bad luck. It can be bad luck But most of the time the vast majority of time it's decision making bad decision making gets you in bad situations and by the way People that go off the path and and then they said you know what I screwed up I Did the wrong thing and I'm gonna now fix it that's you don't see people like that that are homeless You don't see people like that with that are addicted to drugs because they take responsibility and they say okay I made this mistake I didn't do the right things I need to get fixed and they fix it Whereas someone that says oh, it's my parents fault and it's my Boyfriends fault and it's my girlfriends fault and it's my old boss's fault and it's my pushers fault and Whoever you want to blame it's and if it's not your fault you don't have you don't fix the problem You don't take ownership of the problem you don't fix it on a personal level and that's problematic You parents were teachers, huh? Yes, both teachers. Yeah Makes out there's a lot of it seems like there's a lot of similarities with teachers and then parents Right because it's both like you're both trying to guide these young minds to buy the way kids Teenagers whatever, yeah, they can't Really have you know, I say they don't understand the correlation between like their actions now Right they kind of can't because that part of their brain isn't developed yet the front part Front all whatever it's called the front part that's a front part It's a medical term but it tends to An average or whatever Develop by age 25 that's why is it 25 okay, so that's typically you know give or take when it when it's done developing So yeah before that and it's basically the decision making like okay What I just what you said what I do now affects the future and you know like now you're like oh When you do something you can almost feel the payoff in the future. It's almost like that you understand it No back then you couldn't that's why these colleges it when you go to college at 18 or 17 in my case They all the all these credit card little credit card pushers They'll just post up outside of your dorm room and be like hey un- unsecured I don't even know what unsecured means by the way at this time $300 limit just credits free money free money. That's how they all you got to do is feel about this thing and everyone of course Of course, I don't know what that means. I'll pay it back a way later So they get you like that, but nonetheless Yeah, so they don't have that part of their brain. They don't know yeah, so the answer is and I'm kind of Drawing from My childhood so I had these two teachers right one teachers and he was mr. Tokita Japanese guy and he was like a little samurai ninja guy Didn't really talk that much like outside of the classroom and when he talked in the classroom it was all deliberate stuff There was no small talk. It was really rigid. We had a quiz every single Friday every single Friday 10 questions real short quiz about the weak stuff His little lecture on the board was like boom boom boom boom boom I think he'd even underlying the key points, you know, so you'd know there was it there was no like hey Read this and I'm gonna know mr. No mystery. This is what you can be that he underlying the key points And you got to know those key points at the end of the week test every week Boom you take or quiz it's a quiz then there's a test on all this stuff whatever But you were not It'll equipped for these tests you knew as long as you're showing up in a ten-year-year-old So either you did it or you didn't do it, you know, so it was and there was no like hey guys Nothing like you could you knew what to expect this guy was so consistent with every every little thing All the way down to the point that like if you call him Tokita because sometimes that's how you know when you get real Chummy with it with the teachers just in general if you're that kind of person You won't say mr. or Mrs. Right so something everyone saw you'd be like hey I don't know Smith we'll just say if the teacher saying was Mrs. Smith. He'd be like hey, Smith and you know It's a kind of chummy relationship so one time I forget it was Why the end is grow classy anyway? Because all Tukita cuz you like don't mean he was a likable guy. That's the thing But um, but just really consistent and rigid like a ninja or something and they were like hey Tokita and ask a question And he didn't get mad not like that he just answers a corral stoic this answers the question and as he's Shuffling his papers like this just real like this guy was so cold cold his ice guy Because like if pull me answers a question and it goes and that's mr. Tokita and they need just continues on right? And it wants like dang that was fucking awesome But anyway I Did the best in that class because it was one of those things that it was so consistent Like there was no room for slack if if you slacked off It was really apparent discipline equals freedom. Yeah, you know, but he wasn't the kind like he wouldn't yell at you It wasn't that how don't yell? Yeah, so discipline equals freedom. You don't need it yell when people understand expectations Yeah, media and the thing and you're like this to where you're real consistent. That's the thing too Because you know something let's say you're real rigid one week and then the next bad or let's say you're you're really rigid like the whole year and then I don't know you're not you're feeling I don't know you're hung over something I don't know you party or something you come to class as the teacher by them Oh, and then you're not as rigid that day. Oh, there's the little there's the little chink in your in your armor there And they'll kind of start to exploit it these kids Which brings me to my second teacher not gonna say his name who's in seventh grade though Where this guy was just all over the place super easy to take advantage of this guy is a music teacher wait Yeah, I think so I don't forget, but Super easy to take advantage of this guy the kind like he glues his cool all the time and you know It was just funny to see him react a lot of the time right and He was the thing is he didn't start like that. He started just super nice just like hey the kind of like people would run over him And he'd be like hey, you know, you don't have to he was just super nice But it wasn't consistent with anything then after a while I think it was after like a few years I hear that he's like really mean no yeah, like he loses his temper all the time Yeah, it goes back to just discipline it was freedom Yeah, and if you would have held the line in the beginning and said no, no, you don't act like that in here stop then if you would have stopped at the minimal or at this small All Action that was bad this this small bad behavior if he tightened that up then it would never get to bid Then he doesn't have to lose his temper and get crazy and I'm sure he's a nice guy I'm sure he's a positive guy and he had the highest hopes and expectations going back to the earlier subject He had the really high hopes that everyone's gonna be in here to learn and and open their minds and it's like no These kids are in here to shoot spit balls and stick pencils into the back of the person sitting in front of them Right, yes, that sort of it that's sort of it and When you realize that then you don't allow that minimal behavior and then they don't get totally out of control Yeah Man, the hard work being a teacher very much so very much so cuz again like because It goes back to that thing man where we're you only have like what an hour or something Before they find that it's yeah in a day and that's only for like five days maximum for the week Sometimes less you know, you've got all of these whatever and then they go home or wherever and then they get their Influences, you know, boom, boom as they grow up then they come back to your class with all that influence It's like what what now, you know, and you got to kind of find a way as a teacher Not only to like get through to them just person to person, but you got to get them all this material And if they don't like that material, oh man, that's yet another task, you know So again, man, if you have that that structure and it's consistent and they know what to expect That's gonna help because they have this scaffolding. They don't know how to make this you know I got asked one time on by a teacher. It's kind of a similar question You know I've done everything to get through this person that they're just not they're not getting in the game It what what do I do now? I was like try a different way Try a different way you know you didn't get through to them that way try a different way How can you get through now just like as a boss as a leader as a platoon commander If you've tried every single possible different way and you've got someone that just cannot do it or does not want to do it And they're negatively affecting everyone else then it's your responsibility as a leader to get rid of them Get rid of them and had another conversation with a teacher one time who had kicked someone out of her school for fighting and I And this this person's a great person and a friend of mine She kicked someone out of the school and we met at a dinner and we were just talking and and I said All how's everything going she goes well, you know I just kicked this person out of school and I was like oh, what's the situation? And she's well, you know, it's this guy this kid and he's been a good kid He doesn't come from a great home, but he got into a fight and he hid another kid And I just have no we can't have that at school at all and so me being a jerk I was like oh, so you just destroyed his life basically and She and you know and she said what do you mean? I go well if the kid doesn't have much of a home and he's not coming from a great family The only thing he has is your school and if you don't allow him in school and now you kicked him out Where's he in end up? I go did you did you already open up a space woman prison somewhere because that's where he's headed And I was just I was being a total jerk, but I didn't really do this until I saw her like getting emotional And I was like oh, I'm sorry and and so then we had the conversation and What was great was We talked and and we went through this conversation and Because what I was saying even though I was being a jerk about it even though it was being kind of I don't know I wasn't being sarcastic. I was just being really really offensive because she's a friend You know and we I've that's dessert. How I am like when you're sealed Exactly treated her like another seal but then we talked and I said look but even though I'm I don't mean to be a jerk I'm I'm telling like what I believe to be the truth cracking But you have a great school you have this great opportunity for these kids and this kid who has been well behaved Was oh and this was the other critical part the kid that he got in a fight with the kid that he punched He's soccer punch the guy not soccer punch, but through the first punch The other kid was the class jerk the class picking on people and always miss behaving that kid didn't get kicked out of the school He wasn't gonna get kicked out of the school because he didn't actually Get involved in the physical violence Yeah, and so then and I told her that to I said look you got one kid that He finally broke mentally and you got another kid that just knows how to push people's buttons and he wanted him to hit him And now you're kicking the kid out that actually We probably should have done what he did he that kid probably deserved to get punched in the face and And anyways after this long conversation You know she went back in the other the other key little thing that we talked about was I I said it's okay For you as the leader to say hey look I made a mistake You know what I'm not kicking him out of the school. You know why because this other kid acted like a jerk this other kid harassed him this other kid did these other kid things and this child has been a well behaved child and he lost his temper And that's human and we're gonna keep men in the school and she did that so My point is it's a hard job yeah, and Yeah, that's my point big time man and that's and that's another yet another thing that I think we got a balance this in regular Society too, but it's so this kid right for example You're example where the kid punched the guy So boom we have this incident so what do you do though, right? It's like that's a problem if you in as far as Problem solving goes you don't punish the kid you evaluate what happened and then you essentially Help the kid so he doesn't punch in right like some people there like hey we got to punish this kid somehow I'll give him detention or something and does that solve the problem? Maybe yeah, maybe we actually teach someone to control their emotions exactly right like why do you punch him? Oh, okay, there's another problem by the way So we got to teach this kid to stop messing around in that way, you know, and then we got to teach this kid Okay, if you get you get mess around you right and sometimes the only way some kids learn a lesson is by being Severely punished kicked out of a school whatever, you know expelled or something like that But most cases what most cases was that really teach them that that that school doesn't care about them right? So that's a tough situation, you know interestingly In where the warrior kid the next book that's coming out Sure the whole And I'm not gonna give the whole story way, but the the opening chapter Young Mark is in the principles office and he's in the principles office Because he threw a paper mache pumpkin at another kid's head Why did he do it because he was frustrated because he got mad because the kid was picking on him continually Verbalizing verbal abuse and finally Mark just got mad and he hucked a paper mache pumpkin at the kid's head It bounced off the kid's head and hit and hit miscarpenter right the face to So he got sent to the office, but anyways, but the point is where I what the reason I did that is because Kids that are eleven years old, they still lose their temper. They haven't learned to control their temper yet And so one of the themes in the new warrior kid book is that a warrior has to learn to control their temper and control their emotions The lessons that we're talking about right now Interestingly enough So thanks to the teachers out there big ten man because man as the T.E.K. and I have never been a teacher Honestly, but I mean just even halfway imagining it man you kind of care about like these kids But you care about them all so and then you have all the the whole spectrum of them Yeah, the kid who's like The teacher is bad is probably the other kids are concerned But meanwhile you love that kid because man he's picking up what you're putting down and he's listening He's giving you apples and whatnot Then you have on the other side you have the one that won't listen anything disrupting your class But you want that kid like of course you want to leave you like stop messing up my whole thing But you're really successful Yeah, man because like when you know how you teach someone something and you see a music Oh man, that's the best as any kind of you Capacity that you know as far as the role that you play like and you do so or something like that Even like another adult Because they're all the same right actually I think kids Well, there's a fundamental human character as a guy believe that makes you want to help other people Yeah It feels like you're supposed to influence like living on or something like that No, but man so it's like It's like yet that's yet another thing you got to deal with as a teacher you know because you're committed man It's like Tell Anyway next question. I'm a firefighter speaking a winch. I'm a firefighter in Australia and in the time I've been in this job. I've been in several jobs That were very challenging. I've entered burning homes to extinguish fires and search for residents and their pets I'd search for victims during times of flood and help people evacuate their homes in times of natural disasters I've attended car crashes and cut victims from vehicles and pulled deceased people from others. I've also know that I'm not alone I am aware of the fact that while I've been doing this Countless firefighters were on the globe were thousands of times braver than me and have done things that the vast majority of the population would not be capable of And that doesn't even acknowledge the courage of our police and paramedics and an military who step up day after day to do what has to be done because of if not me and who My question is this how do you suggest those and the front line do with the trivial issues at home? I attended a very severe car accident. I head on collision with a school bus full of children and another car. Thank for Thankfully all the children in the school bus Bro, okay, but it took us three hours to cut the driver from the car and she had very serious injuries and it was airlifted to a hospital When I got home that night I was confronted by an upset girlfriend Want to talk about some extra ordinarily trivial issue Which I struggled to listen to the whole time she was talking I just kept thinking about the job And making sure I I'd done everything I possibly could have for the driver but I was also Aware of the fact that my fiance's problems are important to her So I need to be supportive I listen for as long as I could I listen for as long as I could then unfortunately I just said your day could have been a lot worse No one spent three hours cutting you out of a car so be thankful I know I can't be alone on this. I know police paramedics in the military would be suffering the same thing How do you suggest is the best way to deal with this? Check So it was Always always my goal to Protect my family From Darkness and evil in the world that includes These kind of things you want to shield them from this now. This doesn't mean to keep them Oblivious You don't want them thinking that the the world that you've created for them That's well protected and secure. You don't want them thinking that that's the way the whole world is You don't want them thinking that but I sure didn't Throw this kind of stuff at my family on a regular basis, but I took pride and I think that that's the answer here Take pride in letting your family or your loved ones live in worlds where they're Travilion issues Are the most important thing in their world the most impactful thing in the world for them? Okay, so that's that's number one and if you get yourself a little bit of of satisfaction Every time you're your significant other Complaints that You know the ice machine isn't really working up to full speed. It's really horrible Right you should be proud think yourself. Yeah. Well, you know what let me let me take a look at it There's a kink in the water line. I don't know, but we'll try and get that thing up to speed So you can have cold drinks Because that's where I want your world to be right. I want you to have plenty of ice So for your drinks or whatever So that's that's it if you can give you can put your your family in that kind of a Protective environment you should be proud of it and you should be and the way they indicate that to you They don't say hey, thank you for letting me live in a protected environment. They don't say that to you They're in the environment. They don't even know that they're in it The way they the way they let you know that they're in that environment is when they when they complain about trivial things So that's number one the other thing is try and try and See things from other people's perspectives You know in in this case my my wife's right To my my wife would say things is a big deal to her and For her it was a big deal and like I just said I wanted it to be a big deal for her and also I'll tell you what We're talking about firefighters and military employees, but this goes to other non-uniformed jobs as well If if you can leave you work at work because you think some you know every job there's stresses at every job And you're out there grinding and you're a trouble with the boss or you're trying to get a project figure it out And you've got all this stress coming down on you or you've lost money or you've got a huge deal on the table whatever the case may be If you can isolate your family from that as much as you can and I'm not saying to an unhealthy level You're just not telling them what's going on, but bear the burden man bear the burden of That you that you hold to protect your family So yeah, um That's what I think that's what I think we we do our best to protect our family and our loved ones from The darkness the pressure the stress the evil in the world again You don't make them oblivious you don't disconnect from them in order to do that But you shield them from it and you bear the burden yourself so that they don't have to bear it As much again you don't want your kids growing up to be spoiled you don't want your wife to be Saying if I don't get of a lot ofay this morning I will absolutely not even Right you don't want to be married to that person Yeah, not even I did that pretty good didn't I Me My middle daughter is like the funniest person ever and she can do all these crazy I'm stealing her material right there because she'll do that She'll say that is so oh my god, it's not even You know, and she's kidding because she knows that there's human beings like that the world that say not even there's nothing at the end of it I think that might be something new That's not even you know, I've heard I can't even why can't even oh it's the same thing Same thing yeah, yeah some updated. Yeah, it's just a different angle on it But yeah, hey, thanks for thanks for doing all that hard work man. That's that's awesome I know I see fire fighters police officers military people all the time I hear from all the time and Yeah, trying shield your families much as you can don't drag them down the down the darkness with you Yeah, it seems like a good thing Pride in it that's what I was gonna exactly what I was saying it's like take pride in it's like embracing the role as like the captain kind of yeah, you know Where it's like yeah, you know Wife's mad about you know they put cream in our coffee and she asked for an on fat milk That's from psychopathy um and you know whatever and she's pissed and Meanwhile, you know you just pulled a lady out for three hours by the way Bus and car crash head-on collision so it's you know you embrace the role is like okay, you know boom I'm dealing off one second. I'm dealing with straight-up life in death in kids and accidents in tragedy and then one second later I'm dealing with essentially nothing Right, but it's my wife's feelings. That's what I'm dealing with my wife's feeling I'm not dealing with non-fat milk versus cream. I'm not dealing with that. I'm dealing with my wife's feelings And that's part of the job too so you can't just be like hey, I'm gonna do my job one second I'm gonna do my job really good in the next second. I'm not gonna do it so good you can't do that embrace the role is the guy who gets the job done regards how big how small so So as a husband this is where I can speak from because I've been a husband for eight years Successfully can't I'm currently husband to So there'd be you know how like people have lived in Check with her Please check for me too because I need that info anyway, but just so you know how You know people they'll they'll tell you something and then you'll be like wait What did you mean by that you're kind of offended like are you like are you kind of digging at me or something like that you know like that kind of even though you know kind of they were right like that was a little passive aggressive little comment Kind of thing so everyone's on a while when I'd experience that not just say it happens all the time, but if it ever happened What I do to kind of combat the anger because bro I'm like I'm the kind of where like if there's like a So you're saying past we're aggressive from your wife. Yes, and what you do to combat the anger would be Would be I'm trying to move this story It's very significant. No it's relevant to this though and important I think it helps a totally helps where I embrace the role of they did I don't know for lack of better than they captain, you know And brace the role they captain where sure she's passive aggressive whatever you know Maybe all over time I'll start to understand more whatever, but but so I am In vision myself is Superman and her passive aggressive comments are bullets and they were just bouncing off of me just like bullets I'm superman Yeah, that's cool. That's cool until the fact that if you don't react and she's gonna escalate She wants some kind of reaction out of you. Yeah, so sometimes you have to give them some kind of reaction Yeah, otherwise they'll continue to escalate right at two a point where you do react. Yes. Yeah So I mean that little while ago. Yeah, no reaction is is not always good right so and I don't know You got to say you got to say the bullet hits you and you got to say oh that bullet hurt. Oh Yeah, I should be a little more careful with the bullets are flying around that's wow I need to be a little bit more you know careful these bullets they can really hurt me right Be careful, but see how your your tone and stuff is like there's no anger there Yeah, but that so that's what I meant. I meant it's just to combat the anger not the the problem solving thing That's the whole other thing as far as I'm concerned like if she's passive aggressive or mad about I don't know because I put the dish away when it was wet You know, be very dry. I did it wet. That's not what's by the way, but I'm just saying if it's just that's a whole different thing so if I Anger wise the bullets bounce off of me boom. I don't get angry then I can start addressing those issues the ones that you're talking about But I mean to combat the straight-up anger. Yeah, keep your emotions in Jack. Yeah, it's definitely like her insults bouncing off me like superman It help sometimes Most of the time. All right next question Joko I'm leading a project that involves a few my team members and about 10 other team members from other functions The project has high visibility in the large organization over 10 billion in revenue That I work for so the pressure is to execute is high We have had some issues with cross-functional team members meeting their deliverables and keeping the To keep the project on path But we're pushing sometimes dragging everyone along to make things happen recently on a formal review with the leadership team the question was asked why is this project behind I'm a firm believer in providing protection for your team so my response was there are excuses But to be honest, they're just excuses So we're doing everything we can to get it back on track trying to take the brunt of the performance miss on my shoulders No additional comments were made in that meeting and it ended my boss was on the call and pulled me aside the next day and Voice his opinion that I should not hesitate to call out the lack of performance on the other functional team members His thought is that doing so does not allow the leadership to coach mentor and or fix the issues correctly I understand this logic But I don't feel that true leaders point fingers or throw others under the bus your thoughts would be appreciated Okay, so first of all Your boss has a little bit of a point, but it's but it's also there's some limitations to it number one You know our goal as a leader is to build relationships with people accomplish the mission, etc. etc. so if If we if we start just calling people out in front of a senior leadership on a call well Are you forming a good relationship with people the answers no you're actually making them mad and they're saying The first thing they're gonna do when you call them out is called call you up As soon as the call ends and they're gonna say dude why don't you tell me that why you tell me this in front of the boss? So here's the deal You should not ever have to throw someone under the bus without plenty of warning right Without plenty of them to to know and expect and be prepared with an answer That's what you should be doing it's kind of like that escalation of counseling Then I talk about like you start off by just saying hey man You wait, you know what's up and you go all the way to like okay if you're late again and there's a whole Slow escalation or depending on how fast you need to get it done But with this one it's the same thing you say hey echo you know you're part of the project Wouldn't you need help right now? What's going on? You you don't seem up to speed and then it then we escalate to hacko you just missed another you know target date This is the second target date you've missed we get we had a problem And then it's a echo. Did you not have the sports you need what do you need because this isn't working out And then it's look the only way I'm going to be able to do this we got to bring it up to the boss I think you need more people and that's another important thing is is you frame it You frame it in such a way That it's not hurting them, but it's actually helping them. So I might say on the call hey you know Alpha team is working really hard, but they need more xy and d to get the job done So you know, I think we should give echo and alpha team more xy and d Okay, because he missed a date and and I know they're working hard Or you say you know, I think we need more people allocated over to alpha team I think they've been over task and they could use some support so let's give them some more people or you can even say I'm moving to people from my team over to alpha team Temporarily to give them some additional capacity over there because their task is more demanding than what I've been assigned So all of those things are letting everyone know bringing the problem to the attention of the of the group So that now you say actually jocco here's what's going on. I don't need two more people. I need for more people Or you know you say okay Um, hey, I don't need anyone else if you want to those people the ego gets in the way You say I don't need anyone else and we'll say okay, well you missed two time marks you missed two you know dates Well, I don't need any more people okay, okay, well, let's see if you can if you can make this next date And I guess you don't but if you miss another date, well, then I guess you need more people So we we move through it like that. So yeah, you do have to discuss things you can do you can discuss these things You can bring them up in a way that they are not offensive To two people they don't throw them under the bus, but they do however signify that the bus is around And that if we aren't careful you might get hit by the bus and you got to give people plenty of warning It's the same thing with same thing. I've talked about in the past with skipping the chain of command You know you shouldn't be skipping the chain of command unless unless you've given so much warning and you do it in such a way that You know they actually know it's gonna happen they expect us gonna happen they kind of agree with you So be careful with those things again if someone's doing something immorally legal Unathocally and you skip the chain of command because you've already tried to solve with them and they're not doing it Well, then you might have to just go get some Because if you're your cobalt if you don't So form good relationships with people don't form antagonistic relationships You know, I just had to conversation with a guy when I was in in Boston similar situation, but you know you he was saying he there was a situation he was in and What he said was politically It was he didn't want to address it because politically if he dressed it might explode and I said well if it if the if it If you address the situation. Oh, it's like a classic case. I know how to do this more efficiently This experienced person doesn't want to try my method Okay, and I said well, why don't you present him with the method and say You know, hey, here's how we should do this and he says no I don't want to do that because the person that I want to get to use the new method is Is really close friends with the boss and if you find form that bad relationship And it's gonna be bad and I go with that effect you're overall mission to be your ability to do the mission to have bad relationships Not only with your immediate boss both with your boss's boss and he's like yes, it would and I go then doesn't sound like a good plan There you go. There's your answer because even though you have a better method and you might say like a direct A person with a direct train of thought mindset which say no you go you tell the boss's boss That this is the method and we're gonna be more efficient if we do it this way Well now you've just exploded a bomb on yourself and it's gonna be bad So I gave him the classic hey why don't you say listen? I think I thought of a new method I think we might be able to get some efficiencies out of it but since I'm not as experienced and don't know the systems as well as you do I would love to get your feedback on how it works I think that you're the only one that could really not do this concierge so experienced and smart and brilliant All that stuff and awesome and you try and feed him some of the new methods so that he can try it and either say yeah, the stuff's pretty good or you know what there's some things that you didn't realize young buck And we gotta get him fixed So check Try and form relationships Positive relationships not antagonistic relationships if you throw people under the bus You're not forming good relationships check Especially that surprise one. That's rough. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah next question To give you a little backstory I tried my first jujitsu class last week and during the rolling part of the class Happened to get matched up with another white belt who has been going to the gym for over a year During the roll I got thrashed around a bit and tapped to what I've been told was called a cross-collar chook I ended up getting ghee burns on my neck and my face The game right there as well as getting my lip split get Having trained moly tie and spared for a couple of years. I'm used to physical pain and that's and that didn't exactly bother me What did bother me was marks that that were left on my face which in addition to just not looking good I can't have because my job requires that I meet with clients face to face in these clients might make judgments in a sumo And a street fight. I also think the white belt I was rolling with went a little too hard on me But I don't know enough about jujitsu to determine whether or not people go full speed every roll I know that in moly tie box in boxing normally we try to tone down the intensity level for newbies Especially the first time they spar so my questions are One does jujitsu normally leave you with lots of marks or scrapes on your face I don't mind occasionally getting them but can't go home with them after every class Or first question second question do people normally go full speed in rolling and if not how do I get him to stop without sounding like a giant wimp? Okay, so number one does BJJ normally leave you with lots of marks to scrapes on your face the answer is no Not normally will you occasionally? Yes, you will actually you will get dinged up you'll get black eyes you'll split your left you'll have ghee barons on your face Yeah, it's scratch yeah that'll that's gonna happen It's but it's not regular. Yeah, it's not regular. It's what do you think once every three weeks on your face And neck yeah once every three weeks once every three weeks We have ones. Maybe once a month you have something visible while you're wearing a suit presenting to clients Given the normal amount of training you know like train your train wants to trade up competitive, you know Mode two times a day okay, well then it does more of course, but yeah, it's more but normal training yeah And then the next question is do people normally go full speed in rolling and if not how do I get him to stop without sounding like a giant wimp? So this is actually funny Because if you think about it think about this he's kind of complaining in a way that the other person was going too hard right? Yes, and yet He didn't tap To this until his face was scraped and got thrashed around so what I'm saying is It takes two people to escalate a situation and without knowing it He escalated the situation because he resisted his heart as he could he's only been training for a day and he's going with it You're fighting like crazy instead of just relaxing and being like hey, you know, I've only been I've never trained before Oh, you're gonna choke me out cool. Yeah, you know instead of learning and relaxing You you allow yourself to get caught up in the primal instinct of fighting for your life What happened when people started you did through they the primal instinct takes over and it's also ego and and the will to win it takes over and they just want to go so hard and they can't believe that this little guys Joke me the knock on let it happen so that is actually your ego and And it's also your ego and I tell people all time one of the main reasons people get hurt in jiu-jitsu is because of ego you either don't tap number one Which is just stupid or You you don't say no to rolling with people that you know you shouldn't roll with That's it and when I say don't tap it's like has to do with with The way you're rolling to right I mean if you're just gonna fight everything so super hard Because you want to win well then you're gonna end up having a much higher chance of getting injured So I Fall into that sometimes too you know if I'm it like I had a hurt knee the other day and you know Maybe like a month ago my knee was a little hurt and I was rolling but I hadn't been doing a lot of stand-up and all of a sudden I was escalating with whoever would like And be or someone and all of a sudden I was standing and I didn't want to give up the Position right and as I'm standing there. I'm like oh, this is your ego right now You you you have no reason to sit here and fight on the feet where your where your knee is actually bothering you Just don't be an idiot and just Spole guard and and so no big deal right okay, pull guard Whatever did you pull guard? I did yeah because I was realized I was being stupid And if I'm there I am I've been healing and I'm almost good to go and now I'm gonna jeopardize it because I just I want to stand up and get some right stupid stupid So That is what you have to do you have to put your ego in check and that is a huge part of the digits That's one of the things that makes you get so impactful. It's so humbling your ego can't withstand it And despite how hard you fought against this guy in this question that guy was still gonna tap you Oh, you didn't stand a chance you didn't stand a chance Yeah, my first class versus the guy who'd been rolling for over a year. Yeah, you don't stand a chance You don't stand a chance. You don't so what what you want to do is you want to learn So put your ego aside relax Talk and if you get good someone that's going so you don't want to sound like a whim That's what gets you hurt what's cool is when somebody's 58 years old and they're on the mat and some Some 22 year old blue belt that weighs 80 pounds more than them says who you want to roll and the older dude says No man, I'm good. I'm not rolling with you because their ego is in check and they realize that's not gonna get him anywhere Yeah, rolling with this big idiot. Yeah, that's not gonna get him anywhere So they're saying no, I don't want all of you their ego is fine. They get their over it So put your ego in check you won't get marked up a lot and people people will go full speed if you're going full speed That's the answer. Yeah, the harder you go the harder the other person's going You want to go in there and get to a level seven death match with every person you roll with you're gonna get them You're gonna get them especially with people that are around your level yeah Because if the person's a purple belt or a brown belt or a black belt You can go nuts on them. It doesn't even matter to them They're just gonna be laughing at you. Oh, though you can you can offend them and I see some black belts and some good Judic you just you practitioners that get offended if someone attacks them with fury like they have a chance And you go okay cool you want to be like that. I'm gonna smash you and I've done that from time to time You know where someone just they're in there. They're like they think it's their day or whatever And they think they're gonna get you and you go oh you're not gonna get me, but now you've now you're gonna get God Yeah, it's not gonna be fun Yeah, that tends to happen though Not if you're well within the confines of just you just this stuff like um, but if you start to Drift towards the edges of etiquette so like let's say like if I'm if you know I'm gonna spar with you and today is my day and I start stiff-arming you hard and doing that kind of stuff stuff that's it's legal But it's like yeah for sure you shouldn't you know It's like that kind of stuff that'll make a hair belt mad. I think what you are You're correct just someone going just someone going level nine psycho instead of just being oh you want to roll Hey cool you hey we we're gonna use strength. I get that I get that we're gonna use strength That's the way it works that's part of the game. That's why we work out right? I get that we're gonna go fast I get that that's cool, but you want to just go level nine psycho cool That's it's not gonna work out good. Yeah, and just crews man have a good time Yeah, nothing wrong with that. I'm a huge advocate of cruising for sure But I'm I support like guys going hard for sure Even like young guys. I mean like with with this guy But but the thing is this guy is saying how does he stop it? Yeah, the way you stop it is by relaxing Yeah, I'm full support of people going hard. Yeah, you know, and I go hard Right I go I guess you're right. Yeah. I mean I train hard for sure But like if I don't know you yeah, and you want to just go level nine Well, we'll go level nine, but you know, yeah, it's all it's all the spectrum of judy to and also I get it though like you know he doesn't want marks all over his face all the time for I mean to me You don't even have to say because of work you just say I don't want marks all over my neck on my face all the time You know that's why because that's actually what I do It's cool, but you know how like okay So I don't wear mouthpiece anymore so every once in a great while like I'll bite my tongue That's and then you can't eat for a few days not that good. Yeah, it's or you ever get your job You can't eat you know it's herdsie catch yes next question Allered with Italian dressing really stinks Yeah, that's where you're right. You're right. You're right eat for a couple. That's exactly But or if you get like a jaw like this is what I'll get coming one you'll get your jaw whacked like Right here something opposite down a side for a little bit. Yeah, so you can't bite down on that Yeah, so you kind of can't eat for like a week You gotta drink through a straw like Anyway, but so yeah, I get it, but just like how you said man. It's that ego and I'm in support of ego It's kind of what gives you jiu jitsu and doing jiu jitsu. It's bluster Really the guy like guy going like what if I roll with you and I tap you up But you were not going hard at all. I don't want to do that I'd rather get tapped out by you every single time than tap you on when you weren't going hard As far as like my jiu jitsu. Yeah journey kind of thing. Yeah, but but at the same time like bro If you don't want that beef if you don't want to go with some big guy going hard Brad just say sorry bro. I mean no district the Minggan sirn is not disrespecting the guy like you know How you I've asked people a roll and I know I may be a little bit more bigger whatever than like the average guy right So I'll ask something to roll and they they won't even answer they'll just look away straight up look away And I'm like okay, I really got it kind of understand. Okay, maybe they just don't want that beef and they don't know how to say it to me Respectfully, you know, I've never had anyone like look away That's weird. Yeah, I had a time to ask them. I okay I asked a guy to roll and he acted like he didn't hear me and looked away I went to the next guy of standing up to maybe that kind of helped didn't help my situation but whatever I asked the guy right next to him Same exact thing he acted like oh he was kind of in a conversation and then all I mean I got a little bit frustrated. I said so no one wants no one's rolling here That's what I said so that's what we're doing everyone's saying that in no one's real and then like someone rolled into me I think whatever is little while we'll But the intimidate No, but here's the thing here's the thing of course at the time it's a little bit frustrating and this is kind of part of the point where If they didn't want to roll because maybe whatever It was too big and they were like small or something like that then you can tell the guy hey Look respectfully like I don't want to roll with you I fear injury I fear whatever if you're marks on my face or whatever Right no problem. I dig it and I understand even if there's no one else Or you're saying have the respect to tell you the truth that's the thing because you're you're gonna need to the little pump of like They're scared of you Wouldn't that be the opposite the Nonetheless Yeah, that's that's the thing though Like you that's what you have to in my opinion you have to address it like and the other thing the other thing about this not because I may have the that being said like if someone wants roll with you If you're healthy human being man getting all that's what I was saying That's what I was saying and what when that I get it if you have a situation and this is one that I need to I always have to watch out for like if I haven't let's say I'm injured and Let's say I normally do 10 rounds nine rounds eight rounds like that's my normal training And when I'm injured I'll be like okay I'm only gonna do like four rounds I'm gonna do five rounds, but then someone's like let's get one more. Yeah, and that's what the hardest thing for me is to say No because my instinct all the time is like oh, so once roll, let's do it. Let's do it. Yes get it on you want to with me. Let's get it on Yeah, and so and I Yeah again this is all part of it and two and this is a total opinion or Floss fear whatever, but yeah, that's how it should be that's what I think do that's how it should be Like if I ask you to roll and you're just sitting there During the rolling part of training and you're just sitting there essentially waiting for someone to ask you to roll really That's what it is, you know and You'd like turn your head then why are you here like you're only gonna roll with you as me to roll and I was like Hey man, I got a tweaked knee. I can't roll anymore today, man. No, you're getting with that. I 100% you go home and like I You know that's what I would do 100% but yes, no I'm talking about being selective with who you roll like I won't roll with him because he'll tap me out I won't roll with him because that's he goes He goes hard and I'll get tired. I don't know what I'm asking you It's tough as people yeah, okay, and again that's like your philosophy and I agree with that But if you're like being selective like that guys too big and advanced he might mess me up Look if you're if you're concerned about actual injury, that's one thing But if you're like the like the basic of the situation that I explain those in and this is what this is what I think Give in all the all the information. I kind of gathered from the situation They didn't want to roll with me because I was maybe I don't know bigger intimidating were you higher belts than them? Yes That's really weird then no, but see and that's what I thought to us like well Maybe that's honestly if you're a lower belt if you're a lower belt and you're smaller You have absolutely nothing no shame in getting tapped out by a That dude that's a higher belt than you that's what I was saying out because I was talking to my brother And did you do a breath check before you went in there or something maybe you'd be checking maybe you just smelled really bad No one wanted to roll with you no, bro because the fact is I did do those checks I do them every single time that's why I know but I talked to my brother and great about this I was like I was trying to be understanding you know, but at put the first part of the conversation with Greg train No, I don't think Greg was there Greg train you might you might you might underestimate Greg train You might be like I'll just roll with this little guy No, you see his ears are like I I was talking to them at like the next day or something so I didn't went there, but So Greg was saying the same thing is you's like not now you don't do that stuff. Why are you even here that? But Jade brought up a good point He said well it doesn't matter why you think they should be there They're they pay their membership and they're they're they're learned you did too They have the right to train with whoever they want and they have the right to not train with whoever they don't want Jade Charles with the free will right it's true and that but that that very thing applies to this guy right here casting etiquette out the window Jade Charles right yeah, and that's kind of the counter argument which is legitimate But there is the etiquette of the mats it's like it's like if you go to a 24-year fitness gym or whatever You're the guy you're not I mean now not is they have a science as re-recruates, but you know There's certain things that you just you're just gonna do for the etiquette. You know, you know Mark Bar yeah of course okay. Mark Bar yeah he's a beast right and he fights at one fifty five so we'd walk around at one seventy Wrong yeah and not scared just not to you but you know he and I would have wars wars Total wars every single time may him and we had a packed Always sure is that I will roll if you no matter what no matter what is going on I will roll I will roll I will roll if you I know he's always like he'd come in For for me it was you know I'd roll in from either work or I'd be done training with a bunch of people and then He'd show up or for him it was he'd be done with like a crazy sparring session But yeah, so I was I always told him no matter what I'll roll with you because and the reason I told him that Is because I didn't want to roll with him Yeah, because it was always freaking hardcore It was always because he moved all the time and he was so strong and so fast and boony And he's submissions are savage and He was a guy I was I'd like I didn't want to roll with him And that's exactly why I made a packed with my own always roll with that You want to be yeah, because it is a it's a siege to roll with it and there's guys like that and you know Like you know, it's funny you know Taylor and Andy by the way They're like that if you make it like that, but if you don't well you might be different because you're kind of in a different position But when you roll with them If you start to go light they'll just go light the whole time by the way, but if you turn up the heat and they'll turn out the heat and Thank them, but yeah, that's that's a big thing where Like some guys man here like okay, I got to get mentally ready to do this, you know because they just bring a lot Yeah, and depends on how your game matches up with them. Yeah, you know your game matches differently with different people Yeah, that's true to big time But yeah, this guy You know, does it normally leave you with lots of marks not really I think you're right and but the more You know ambitious hungry white belts you roll with with the ghee yeah the more marks and the more G and more your ego forces you to fight them as if it's a death match yeah level nine Yeah Very true and then do people go full speed You know what 50 50 maybe well I see be no technically no it's awful. Yeah, yeah, yeah, like can you cruise like I always do a warm up Rwann warm up round with Andy no one out with Andy and Dean Dean won't do a warm up round with me because that's when he You guys meet with full strength Deity is awesome and we always do one round just to break a sweat. We're just cruising and then the next round will go And when we go I mean we go I guess maybe there's some great Asian at the high end of the spectrum and I will Recognize a difference between that like let's say for instance You say like I'll know I don't want to let Andy pass my guard today right like for referred like a legit reason like I think He's got some new offensive move that I see him been pulling off and I go when if he gets this position on me today I'm gonna be in a real bad situation So he's not passed my guard so then he'll feel like I'm going harder Yeah, yeah because a lot of times you you pass my guard okay, cool whatever now you're cross side now Trying to escape that what you know what I mean it's it's that's like when you're competing when you're when someone is competing with you in Gitu especially with the gui it's so noticeable in a competition How hard they grip everything and how you can't get a millimeter of movement that you don't have to fight for Yeah, you can't simulate that in you can't simulate that level of intensity on the mats Yeah, that only comes in competition yeah Yeah, in the church on the training mats, but in a way and I took a talk to Greg about this a lot where it's kind of You know how like someone's been super stubborn like what the day I was talking to him This is what I was talking about like the guy who you get a sweet bottom or something and they don't It's almost like they're not even fighting Gitu anymore They just want to get to their feet and stand up because they don't want to play on the bottom right these good So I was talking to that him about that and you know that it was kind of frustrating and whatever and he was like Hey bro like that's like that's like that's kind of his job. Yeah, I was like give you an accurate representation of somebody giving you Trouble in whatever way yeah, he's about to tell that's the same thing with Jay Charles said like if that guy If you allow that guy to get your feet then that's bad as matter of fact I went through this cycle of Dean where I Realized that I wasn't giving Dean a good representation because every time he we had some good Guard passes that he would do from a little bit of a distance and And and they were working well and then I said well, I don't want it. I just stand up Yeah, and so then I just started standing up and then all of a sudden he realized he couldn't give me that much space Which messed up that guard pass which put us back to both getting better because we were improving The techniques that we were each using so yeah, sometimes Now Have you ever rolled with someone that you They're just not doing they're they're they're just They're just they're just not engaging. Yeah, right? So there's not engage yeah, that could be that can be a little bit frustrating Yes, and Sometimes I do that But that's part of an overall strategy But yeah, oh yeah 100% like the guy Because and again this goes back to why you're doing you just to begin with though so Let's say if you're if you're doing it like to to compete in the tournament a guy not engaging That's part of your training right there, too. Yeah, that is but if you're like, you know If this is the fight and you know if you like all elements and let's say you're focusing on like a self-defense Situation and the guy's not engaging then yeah, you might as well be like I I might as well train with you. It is good. You're right. It is good because also I've gone with like some wrestlers That they know they're let's say they're a purple button G2 and they're doing a five-minute round with you And they're just their their goal is to just avoid and knock it taped out and they're not really gonna roll G2 with you They're just gonna avoid and knock it taped out They're not gonna progress like the only they get the double leg now. They're in your guard They're gonna sit there and hold your hips. Yeah, so they're gonna sit there. So for me what I've to do I need to have some moves to get some out of the out of your breath Gotta take some honor Yeah, just like the guy who doesn't like tatsome who's strong and doesn't tap you know So either forces you to like injure them or Let go kind of thing yeah, that's kind of the same thing where it's it's it's weird dichotomy though because like what do you do know now? It's kind of up to you you know the guy who okay, so if it doesn't tap right and you kind of get mad I'm like you're gonna force me to injure you you know you have to take that training as As this realistic training where this guy is giving you a very accurate look Where sure you can choose to injure them now it's on you you chose to injure sure and whatever you chose You chose especially if he was giving you less of an option or you just let him go and understand that yeah I understand accurately got to be honest with yourself that I would have had that submission. I could have been But don't be all mad because You know you should have tapped and gave me that win in training, you know like you said don't do that You know yeah, you gotta keep your mind wait, but you said who cares come on bro come on I said that's your good dog. I know but for how you care though. I care What if someone if someone because one time out the reason I was talking to was talking to Greg again about it About a guy was wrong with who didn't want to tap and I was mad because he was forcing me to Either in Jerome or he wasn't getting give me that that win in training. So what did you do? I don't go From one time and big it was a light belt He started going hard, you know how this is just an alt white belt like what what submission was it? I'm talking about another story now. I told him because I mean just I'm just saying like You know, he the both okay, so the real story That's all can you not tap into a community yeah, he's strong but So maybe you didn't really have it Bro I had it bro. It's I'm not weak either that's the thing so he's strong and I'm like okay It's to hear you steer it's here. It didn't matter I knew I knew with certainty where it's like okay I'm gonna have to injure the person though And you know he didn't tap but Greg made a good point where it's like that's his job You know, he's giving you an accurate look of what it's like so at the end of the day sure I could have chosen to injure him and then it's partially his fault but the thing is I can't account for whether it's his fault or not I'm accounting for what training? I'm getting by the way what training I'm getting not come you know It's not a competition it's not a street Switching stories. I'll make it quick to it was a white belt. I was wronging with he was going nuts And I took it personal back to what we were talking about earlier. You were here at this time purple So I was taking a personal I was like, oh, dude, are you trying to go nuts on me like just doing stuff? It was all within the confines of etiquette, but he was going a little bit too hard right Later I found out that's just his style by the way, which is a total innocent thing but at that time I was like I was like oh, okay, you're what go hard. I'm gonna go hard and I injure them. Here's the thing I injured them with a submission because I went there He more again and not that I did it necessarily so hard that I heard them, but he had a bad shoulder and I did it really I think not all it's okay. I had a bad shoulder. I didn't know it. I don't think of it I was gonna say I've never injured anyone with a submission but I have injured a couple people One of them danger you yeah my rib man. Oh, yeah, but that's just wrong. Yeah, that's just wrong. No, but I'm saying with a submission locked in Right, the times I've done it is I can only think of one off the top of my head and it was a guy like you said just had pre-existing Children injury that was like that was like a tap and then I'm hurt and then my shoulders bad right Bro you're rolling with me. Yeah. Tell me and there's a black belt, you know It was like pro come on. Not a guy that's seen you in a while But I just go you know big strong guy Got got the computer and I put it on and all the sudden he's like Yeah, and injured yeah and and I just said bro and it was I mean I know the complete limitations of where It's injury or not and I was not there yet at all yeah, and so he's like you're gonna bad shoulder I should have told you yeah, yeah, and that's actually why I felt really guilty because I did I was like well You want to go hard so I did it hard. I wasn't trying to hurt him but If he was had a bad shoulder which he did I understand you hurt him and I that doesn't surprise me that in her and I shouldn't I shouldn't have went that hard to begin with as far as like going I know how to do it. You can more good yeah And just kind of declare if I'm my earlier statements like when somebody goes level nine on me It doesn't mean I'm like out to you right. I just I just know I just go I just apply Level if they're level nine. I'm gonna apply level nine point one back to them and put them Yeah, and actually usually I do something to him that forces them to calm down Like I'll just put I'll get across side and be like keep spashing keep going nuts right now I'm just gonna be here we're cruising yeah At level nine point one, but just level nine point one, but completely cruising because they can't move They're freaking fucking and going crazy and getting nuts and then you're just sitting there. Yeah Yeah But yeah, I still feel guilty about that day. I'll never do it again Next question Hi, Jockel I have read your book extreme ownership from cover to cover and I learned for a lot from it And I have a question that bothers me The question is how can I be noticed by the people and get chosen for a leader? Okay, good kind of another question that I hear you know people get worried that if they're just Kind of putting their head down and working then they were not gonna get noticed. I don't get noticed. I'll be coming leader Stop worrying about being noticed That's number one stop worrying about being noticed and keep working hard Stop worrying about being chosen as a leader if you're going to get chosen as a leader No Work hard Actually work really hard and then put the team first so all these thoughts and efforts that you have around getting Notice them being recognized instead of having them focused on being recognized and being noticed put those thoughts on making the team successful Wow Wow Put the team first. That's what I'm saying Right now with this question you're actually putting yourself yourself recognition above the team so instead of Thinking about that think about how you can help the team win and the more of a team player you are The more people will want to work with you the more you help the team win the more people say I want you on my team and eventually they say okay, you know what? I want you to lead this team because you want this team to win so bad We want you to lead this team So that is what you do now That being said right there's always there's always a balance because I'm not saying that you sit back and just And keep your fingers crossed that if you work hard, everyone's gonna notice you now with this guy Who's all worried about being noticed don't worry about being noticed you're gonna get noticed if you work out and put your head down But there's some people that they're they're so They might be so humble That they're not gonna get noticed for what they're doing So how do you overcome that well? This doesn't mean that you sit back in your passive. There's a I'll tell you the best way to stand out or one of the best ways to stand out is Volunteer Volunteer for everything that comes up and then crush it the crappy jobs that no one wants Volunteer for those things That's what I used to see you see the young new guys in the seal teams. That's how you tell You get some crappy job you walk out to a group of guys going through training Fifth if a bunch of both team guys near hey, I need three guys there'd be like two new guys that would just be like by their hands It'd be up before you could get done saying the sentence and you just see the look on their face One of they want to do they just want to win and use I love those guys They just like oh, I'll do that. Hey, what hey? I need a couple guys to boom their hands are up. You know you know gonna say go clean the sewer out They don't care they don't care They're volunteering for everything and you know what I got this when I got to the team That's what I did volunteered for every as a matter of fact I volunteered to be a radio man because I had heard that it was a really hard job that no one wanted It was like oh, okay. I'll do that job. You got a job that's really hard no one wants carrying a heavy weight You don't get to shoot it Right you get to carry a number 60 there's a major benefit to that that is you get to unload Massive amounts of firepower you carry a radio you're just sitting around with batteries Kind of hardcore in a different way. It is it is and I luckily I got I got told two things number one that no one wanted that job a number two that if you were radio And you'd go on every mission because they always need a radio man. That's not only a lot of me I want to go on every mission so I'll take I'll carry that radio But that and everything you know you just volunteer for everything so that's That's one of the best ways that you can make a good impression is by volunteering for stuff and then Crushing it and eventually people look at you and they say how this guy doesn't care what we give him He's gonna crush this task and you know what people like work with him because he's worried about the team and this person seems like a Bloods get let's give him a little task. I'll then lead something Because sometimes you're going to volunteer for something you're volunteering for a leadership position Hey, I need four guys one of those people is gonna be in charge Right for it's not gonna be four guys going equally into some thing right? No, someone's gonna be in charge Reaction yeah, someone's gonna take charge of it be that person Yes, good this Um when he said how can I be noticed so to work hard? Yeah, but you know it's like okay, that's what I want I want to be noticed right? So you're walking to bar or something and a girl walks in and she you can tell she's trying to be noticed The bad luck man, so what I'm saying is you like if you're trying to be You know people can see that stuff like this cuz it's trying to be noticed right here And it doesn't opposite obviously And it that's yeah, you're right. That's the hardest thing to Convince of people convince people love is the fact that if you're just If you're just working hard you'll get noticed you will get noticed It's like um you do something kind of good or whatever Brave I don't know hey look did you guys all see how brave I was right there? Yeah, yeah Yeah, no one wants you to be a little leader all right there Like saying ham look hey guys That task I did pretty good right I was really humble no one's no one's humble in me no one's Well, I'm gonna stop worrying about you and think of helping the team and volunteer a bunch and that's that's where you end up in a leadership position Yeah Got time for one more yeah, might as well last question question for Uncle Jake from James who's nine Can you be weak but strong at the same time? Can you be Week but strong at the same time. Yes, you can you can't because you can be For instance you can be physically strong But at the same time you could be mentally weak or you could be the opposite you could be mentally weak But at the same time physically strong and I would love to be able to Put a priority on one of those and I know I've said before that knowledge is the most important thing But the reality is if you don't have the strength or actually the health To back that up or even to function as a human being physically then your knowledge and your mental strength doesn't really even matter So That comes into play and being Big and strong is also totally useless If you're mentally weak and you quit Hmm Now being mentally strong should actually lead you to being physically strong because if you are mentally strong Then you can work and train to become physically strong But if you're Mentally weak Then you will not hold the line on the good food and the good workouts and you won't Get physically strong or healthy So Can you be weak and strong at the same time? Yes, but I say be strong Train your physical strength and exercise your mental strength by doing the right things the hard things The things you know you're supposed to do Do them and Be as strong as you can mentally Physically and emotionally for yourself for your team for your family Hold the line and be strong And I think That's all I've got for tonight. So Echo Charles speaking of holding the line Perhaps you could hold your portion of the line here and explain to people how they can support this podcast In the event that they would like to do so sure be happy to Thanks for allowing me be opportunity we'll talk about origin right American made course from the beginning to an American made It's a big deal actually also Supplements right jocco supplements Wait American made what what was that first part everything I'm just and that's like a disclaimer like everything about to talk about from origin is American made straight up So people You've been being asked about supplements for a while yeah probably from the beginning I mean All right well here you go here's some jocco supplements for your joint screw oil Super krill oil so that just create a super krill oil jocco super krill oil oil boom also jocco joint warfare That's like a blend glucose in me Can enjoy it is it can dry tint can dry tint which comes from you know where comes from see cucumbers You know that did you It's actually I think you mentioned it, but I don't you know Hey, we know now and really that's what's important very good stuff because I would say it is the main thing Like joint supplements like krill oil you know the these are these supplements help me way more than any protein powder and back in the I used to take protein powder and you know these Wait gainer things and I don't even think that they help really I'm not saying they don't help but I just you just These the joint stuff krill oil especially joint warfare These things help you way more and for longer to by the way Nonetheless there's also some geese on there and rashguard still all made in America From the beginning to that it's one thing the important material from you know other places you know And that's cool too. I get it and I dig it, but in the event of you wanting it you know all the stuff we'd be made made in America Boom origin main dot com going there see what you like get something if you want also Fitness gear so I was you know I'm into kettle bells now I mean to other lifting too of course, but kettle bells are a bigger part of my routine and just slowly I kind of get more like when you get stronger you get the bigger one I took a I stood back the other day when I was lifting stood back and looked at my set up It's pretty dope. I don't have like the normal kettle bells. It's like I have this one The point is case so on it. That's where I get the kettle bells from on it. That's some other cool stuff on there, but minor all the primal bells one few legend bells. They're like the artistic ones obviously Kind of when you sit back and you look look at your setup. I think that's a big deal When you're set up is dope. I'm just saying Yeah, you want your setup to be still going on it get their kettle bells. You can get the right low ones too See that and they're kind of understated and I dig it, but I'm gonna stick with the wear wolf I got that big full one 90 pounds Been doing some work with Alan How big is yours my biggest is 40 kilograms That's only 80 pounds. You might be getting two pounds stronger than me. Yeah every single rep That's that's something cool. It's not nothing Something Anyway, on it dot com slash jocco. That's a good one same thing go on there You like something get something Good way to support also when you buy these books the jocquer reviews from time to time no book today I understand But you want to buy any of those books on our website joccolpodcast dot com Section called books from episodes all the books by episode boom click through there when you get them And If you happen to do any other shopping bone click through they're same thing same deal, you know Goes takes you to Amazon and you know, boom, that's a good way to support small action big readle You know just a little click Go in their shop boom good way to support excellent way to support Also Subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already seems obvious. I know but You know sometimes you want to listen to one or two or whatever Be like is it worth it to subscribe? I think I think yeah subscribe You think so yeah I should write to this podcast. Yeah me too And I have the actual yeah might as well good and that's a good way to support leave review if you're in the mood too Because I mean it makes sense You know where you figure you know people on Twitter they'll say like if something's up like hey you you know you there was like Like a definition remember the there was the one book I Join a blank on which book but it was a British one oh and there was a mistake no there wasn't a mistake There was the word knob yeah, I'm going to call them a knob and I was like what is the knob? Yeah, and then people on Twitter like boom sending me boom boom So it makes sense, you know feet back man people are all involved You know, so yeah if you want to leave a review leave a review if you're in the mood don't have to of course, but if you're in the mood too Also YouTube subscribe to that one. We have a YouTube channel jockel podcast Pretty good one on top of The video version of this podcast we include little excerpts from the podcast just little nuggets of you know how especially with the Q and A It's good because it's like okay. I don't listen to the whole Q and A Even though I do mark them by timestamp and subject but nonetheless You know they're little no where you can kind of share with all should I remember my friend who needed some advice on You did to roll in or how to do good in college or whatever you know so you can just share it with them They don't let's do the whole podcast. You know, they're little excerpts who put on there some other stuff to delete it seems from time to time Might add another one of those anyway point is subscribe to you to our YouTube channel if you want to Also joc was a store It's called joc was store joc was door.com on there there are t shirts travel mugs Some bumper stickers. We might be out of bumper stickers. No, no, we're both bumper stickers some women stuff on there some shirts of course With like we haven't talked about the layers on the shirts recently. That's really disappointing to everyone Or you talk about the layers on the shirts, but or maybe that in and of itself is a layer Right, you just don't talk about the layers you just let them exist Layers that's a layer and it's own right that's what I mean layers are just there. Yeah, exactly right so That is pretty lame if you have to describe the layers. Yeah, it's like describing like the punchline of a joke Right, it's not a Johnny. Yeah, yeah, it's just a whack joke Either way some shirts on there Also rashguards. I think we're doing a warrior kid rashguard. Oh nice we're doing with Pete. Oh nice American made Warrior kid rashguards nice One side says win of the side says learned in the back says This is the but everything They're gonna be good credit How far out of those from being released? Oh, we're narrowing down the cut, you know Because kids are I'm tough talking of Pete. He's like kids are shaped different There's just shape kind of weird so you got to kind of there's some refining that kind of has to go into the shape But yeah, that's more or less it Yeah, also some I said women stuff, but yeah some uh hoodies Who do you should be should be available nice? It's not right this moment They're available this moment they're common yeah, yeah thick winter hoodies either way and if you go on there And if it's if something's out which especially now like I'm trying I'm really Narywing down my whole process there But if something's out of stock or whatever there's a little thing on there you just put your email in there I don't it's not a spam thing at all in fact a lot of people Sign up for email list which is another thing like I really said much The point and not that that's a good thing, but I'm saying you know sometimes I get contact with these people With their advice about stuff and I'm not I'm not trying to say I'm like I'm not being Ergon, right but there the people that talked to me about like What is it building the oh? The okay, oh about the podcast like the brand yeah, if you do more social media, yeah, no, they say You know the one of the most valuable things you could do is get a email list You get a big email list then you can hammer and stuff all the time and then and you haven't forever I'm bro You know We're not here to just like hammer people with uh whatever messaging yeah, so yeah, you can sign up for it The email list that you made I mean What I put out like one thing or maybe two things on it you put out maybe two things or three things What you do one thing you do that's good as you give you this is where it's beneficial if you want something You'll find out about it earlier, right? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yes, and also you've let you've you've done some Apolling like hey what color of this should we make so yeah, yeah, and that's really what it is It's more like a direct line like people who like like I care like if a new item comes out item Something new on the store comes out or something something super relevant like I'm not gonna be like Hey, by the way, let me just send you this that you won't read or I don't know like I won't just I don't use it to I don't think it should be used ever, but so I don't use it to try to like keep your attention on my website You know, it's not that I figure I looked at it kind of like I forget if I heard someone say this or not, but it was really made sense where you know when you sign up for an email list Right, so a marketer a quote unquote marketer will look at that and be like, okay They just signed it signed up to be marketed to Right, so Every time I enter in my email for like do you want updates, you know, I like you've never in my email for those things Which is kind of part of the point because you know I'm sign signing up right now to mark getting marketed to so People in a sign up they say okay, I want to be marketed to I'm not gonna like abuse like I'm not gonna Instantly violate your choice now. Let me mail to people If I just figure if you truly believe that like that's what they sign up for No, no, I'm saying should I send out like an email of information or something? Yeah, yeah, so yeah exactly Yes, so that's what I should do if if you think okay, so think of me as like a person who's like Yeah, I'll sign up for this email is oh and so I put my email in there and then so now your contemplation I send them an email if you think that that email legitimately is what I want to get from you When I put my email then yeah, send that you don't even know what that is So that's why I hardly send anything. I just figure hey if there's a new Rache guard especially when people on Twitter or Instagram whatever telling me Hey do this for a rash guard or hey do this for a shirt or where when the hats come in out when the hoodie you know when's the hoodie? I've been you know waiting for the kids size small We're email you eat you so for instance this is a good one you will email when the When the new hoodies are available You email everyone yeah, and actually I did one better where I don't even have to email everybody because what if people are like already have a hoodie So I get there on the list all do you one better on the hoodie On the store when you click on the hoodie yeah select the size and it's out you can just be like oh put your email right there You will only get emailed If the hoodie gets back and stock in your specific size otherwise you don't get nothing I'm not gonna bother your inbox your inbox is sacred Okay, just because you gave me the key doesn't mean I show up every day So cool like that. Yeah, I think so I think that's the way to go so marketers whoever's listening this right now That's that's like each you're doing you miss now on so much opportunity to violate people Yeah, we're not gonna violate people's trust for opportunity good job Yeah Good jockels start.com if you look a check-out check those things out If you like something Get something good way to support also psychological warfare if you don't know what that is we all know what that is should I even Manchin what it is real you should my is okay people don't know all right. It's an album not a song album not a rap album What is it like a look it's an album with tracks Jocquit tracks and these tracks what they are is you can obviously listen to audio tracks right iTunes Google play Amazon music anywhere where they sell MP3 So what they are is you put it in when you're when you're trying to get it like you set a goal you're trying to get after it and You're having these moments of weakness diet work out Getting up staying discipline create procrastination all this all these points of weakness that you can encounter There's a track for one of them boom you listen to it and it's boy it's kind of like jockel at your fingertips in a way Where you saying You're like hey jockel okay, so I have this luxury I can call you up And be like hey, you know tonight I had a I don't know stressful day and I still got some more to do I'm thinking of going to vans and getting some vodka. I don't want tomorrow. I don't want to look back and be like I wish I wouldn't a drink vodka But right now I really want to go get that vodka and it's very powerful and I think you do me some good really some I have the luxury of being able to call you up and be like hey Boom and then you can just tell me explain to me pragmatically why shouldn't I do that? I'll pretty thanks jockel boom. I don't get the vodka a lot of people don't have that You get psychological warfare you do have that you just put in the track boom You wake up early every single time if you're not feeling like waking up early you wake up early Same thing with the workout same thing with procrastination all that stuff anyway Check them all out see if you like it get one of those 100% effectiveness if you still slack I've delistening to this I said this before I'll say it again There's a problem I don't think you will so there is no problem There you go. Boom. That's a good one good support right on Also you can get jockel white T on Amazon speaking of Amazon you can get jockel white T that you should drink it if you want a dead lift more than 7,854 pounds because that's what you will be able to do as soon as you drink your first sip guaranteed 100% Jockel white T taste good and makes you feel good and it's good for you so get that books. I got some books one of them is called way the warrior kid It's for kids, but I think we can all learn from it. I know I learned from it from good old uncle Jake Got a book called Extreme Ownership which is a book about leadership combat leadership lessons learned Also have a book called this one equals freedom field manual Just came out October 17th I'm gonna read you the lexer first excerpt coming from the end of reason I'm reading this is a few weeks ago there was a mass shooting in Vegas horrible situation and I Deal talk about all kinds of different things in this book about my life things I've learned and One of the things one of the sections and here's called immediate action drills Here we go Back to the book, but we can't always avoid high threat areas and sometimes the high threat area Doesn't avoid us in the world today conflict and danger can occur at any time anywhere So it is important to maintain situational awareness at all times pay attention to your surroundings look at suspicious people Look at unsuspectious people what are they doing where are they going what are they looking at a Sess while you assess Think of contingencies Where is your closest to scape route? Where is the closest cover and concealment cover being a place to shield you from bullets and Concealment being a place to hide If you are maintaining situational awareness you should be very hard to surprise If you send something is going wrong or you sense a threat proactively move away from it Walk to the other side of the street accelerate your car walk out the door. Don't wait for things to get worse If you do get surprised and are caught in a bad situation act If you can run away from an assailant do it if you can't run because they have a hold on you attack them Put all your training to use as quickly and as violently as possible as soon as you can break free do it and run If shooting starts get down Call the police at the first opportunity if the shooting is single shots being fired at a slower pace Run immediately and keep running If the shooting is rapid fire find some solid cover to get behind wait for a low When the low comes run that may be your only chance If you are trapped in a room with an active shooter outside Barricade yourself If there is no if there is an ideal hiding place hide if not Prepare to attack them as soon as they enter the room get anyone in the room with you on board and ready to swarm the attacker So those are some notes from where to start and again you can take training for those type of situations To a very high degree, but if you have no training you need to know what to do in those situations That's that's why I put that in there you know I'll read this one more little section because I get asked this all the time of this to be getting the section dealing with injuries and illness What are you You are going to get injured You are going to get sick regardless of how careful you are in your training how clean you eat and how healthy you live You are still human Injuries and illness will occur My theory for overcoming injuries and illness is simple Do what you can If you are sick or injured don't use that as an excuse to skip workouts or stay in bed all day do what you can hurt your knee Work your upper body Work the good leg hurt your shoulder time to work on one arm to pull ups and pushups Focus on your core and legs until your shoulder heals up Ten to night is from using the grip too much sound like it's time to focus on sprinting and jumping plyometrics Got a little cold flu Same thing Do what you can Maybe it's just going for a walk a couple sets of sit ups and pushups, but don't just stay in bed all day So Go on to talk about some more that this book is called this funny close freedom and If you want to help spread the word on this Go and buy from a local bookstore like an independent bookstore because when they sell these books They report it in such a way that it helps the book get recognized by some of the bigger media outlets and When it gets recognized by some of those big media outlets like the New York Times or the Wall Street Journal that helps spread the word even more and I think that the word that's in this book should be spread because I think it's going to help a lot of people and I think it's going to help them Live better healthier and more productive lives so you can get that book this funny close freedom field manual Also for your business We have Ashillon front leadership consulting. It's me, Lave Pabon JPDNL Dave Burke if you need our services To help you your business your team your leadership give us an email info at echelonfront.com and if you have Questions or you have something you want to talk to us about here you want to keep this little conversation going You can still find us always on the interwebs On Twitter on Instagram and on the Facebook Eco is at echelon Charles and I am at jocca willink and finally Thank you to everyone for listening and supporting this podcast. We truly appreciate it And for those of you in uniform thanks for providing the blanket of freedom that allows this podcast to be possible And for the first responders that protect us at home That drive and run towards danger Thank you for keeping us safe and to everyone else out there on your mission To succeed to conquer to get better to win Keep trading Keep working and striving and grinding to do more than anyone thought you could more than even you thought you could Keep your eyes on the target your head in the game and keep on getting after it So until next time This is Eco and jocco Out