 This is Jockel podcast number 298 with echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink, good evening echo. Good evening. Within weeks of their arrival, the seals of debt, golf, were shaking off their initial jitters and even displaying some measure of proficiency. Signs of this were apparent in every aspect of their operations. On ambush, no one clear to throw coughed, spit, sneezed, or even sniffled. From insert, an extract, the men stepped heel to toe to reduce the sucking explosion of mud walking and above all avoided the footprints of the man in front to keep from sinking even deeper. To improve their infield support, the seals befriended the pilots and crews of the Navy's helicopter squadron at Naabe and overhauled the seals denuded landing craft into an up-armored ironclad. Next heavy machine guns mounted to the gun will gonnels a 60mm mortar bolt to the rust to deck plate and a bunker-busting, recorulus rifle, pinned to the top of the sandbag pilot house. It was so much armament that the men quickly recommissioned the LCM, the mighty moe. To it they added a canmene to block the sun and rain, a two burner stove for meals, then draped hammocks between everything that didn't pivot or fire. It was essentially turned into a houseboat littered with empty hot sauce, bottles, coffee cups, clothes, lines, all aids to reduce the number of trips back to Naabe and increase the amount of time they could spend in a mission area. To improve the quality of their encounters with the enemy, they experimented with a variety of tactics, false insertions that made the vehicle ang thank the seals that landed where they had false extractions that made the vehicle ang thank the seals of the left and probably most important squad sized missions that have the seals punch. But correspondingly increase their stealth and the amount of swamp land they could cover thus doubling their chances of via-con contact. No small challenge in an area as empty of the enemy as the wrong sap. And what did these innovations yield? A handful of capture documents and North Vietnamese currency, some fresh water wells, some rice caches, one so monstrous that it merited an air strike. Then finally after more than a month of frustrations, debt golf landed a jackpot ambush of two sand pans that killed seven suspected via Congrillas. The seals reaction was the same as anyone who has just caught a hot streak. A little more than a week after the first coup, one squad pursued a tip from the crew of a hovering navy gunship that had spotted several camouflage sand pans not far from mighty mows anchorage despite having already blown their cover in that area from several days worth of patrolling the squad leader in full daylight. The squad landed in full daylight and fell in behind point man Billy Macon, a keen I-28 year old Texan, the father of a daughter and a five week old boy he had never seen. Being alone into the middle of the sun drenched clearing and spotting a veat Cong bunker making managed a single burst for the Zem 16 before he was cut down by an eruption of machine gun fire that left him stranded. Hugging the ground to get under the rush of snapping bullets and splintering branches, the seals fell back on their training and clawed themselves into a rough firing line, but one that was not nearly stiff enough to break the wall of lead that blocked their way to the fallen comrade. To Tom Truxel engaged in the untested platoon commanders perennial two front war, the enemy and his own doubts, it seemed that the only recourse might be to pull back to the river and to the mighty mows guns. That is, until one of his men fired a 40 millimeter grenade into the bunker's mouth. The shock forced a momentary flinch in the enemy's ambush, just long enough for the heavy weight, mows scone to bowl a mad dash for making who is carried to safety just in time to whisper a final message to his wife while the corpsmen ransacked his tiger stripes to find his wounders. Considering that makeens death was considering that makeens death and combat was not simply the first for the seal teams, but that it was also nearly a 2% man power loss for seal team one, no one would have faulted to wires if he had forced a pause to assess the operation that had led to the tragedy. He didn't. The reason was no more complicated than the same one taught to anyone who has ever looked up to see the belly of the horse that just bucked them off. Wires ordered his men back to back into their saddles and back into the rung sat. His perseverance would have payoffs within a month the seals of death go for expanding their operational repertoire from planned patrol and ambush to unplanned quick reaction counter attacks along the rung sat's choke points. In theory it was an operational expansion that finally fulfilled the bucklue reports recommendation for riverbank raiders. In practice it was a resurrection of the navies grapple swinging boarding parties. In counters now included the inland pursuit and cornering of black pajama wearing attackers firefights that varied from a few sharp rifle exchanges to 15 minute skirmishes. One of these against an enemy packed haystack that did not stop firing until the seals launched 48 grenades into it. And for along the operational impact of death golfs aggressiveness was considered so substantial that Admiral Ward approved its increase from two platoons to three. All but a guarantee of a corresponding increase in impact. While this blossomed so too did the seals confidence, best evidenced by their swagger around knobbe. But also by a wooden sign above the entrance to their tent, scrawled. Yay though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil because I'm the meanest bastard in the valley. Though the helmets and flack jackets of the uncountable gIs would soon boast the same thing. By mid autumn 1966 the seals claimed to meanest in the valley was undisputed. And the wrong sat no other unit was as lethal. And that right there is an excerpt from a book and the book is called by the water beneath the walls, the rise of the navy seals. And it's written by a guy Benjamin Milligan. This book is a comprehensive history book about the origin of the seal teams. Now that passage hit me because I trained throughout my entire career at a place called Camp Billy Maken out in the Imperial Valley of Southern California. And I knew the story of Billy Maken. He was awarded the Silver Star and they have that citation out there at the Desert Training Compound. They also have pictures of his platoon and BTF Tony, Tony of Friday night. We used to inspect those pictures and we used to look at BM1 Mascone. And he was listed in that platoon picture. We used to talk about him. And he was this massive guy we stood out in the picture and we used to think what would BM1 Mascone do right now in this situation. But that really is about all the information we had about Billy Maken and his platoon and what they didn't Vietnam. Some word of mouth stories that we would hear from some of the older Vietnam guys, but that's about it. But this book spells it out so much more and the book details the entire history of the seal teams from the scouts and raiders to the naval combat demolition units to the underwater demolition teams up to what we now know and where I served my adult life in the seal teams. Now I normally don't cover history books on the podcast because I prefer to read first person accounts of people that were actually there. People that understand what it's like to live through and experience things, not just the research it, well this book is an exception because the author Ben Milligan was a seal, which adds a level of understanding and connection that comes across on every page of this book. It is also so thorough and extensive of history of the seals that it leaves no stone unturned and connects really to the soul of the modern day seal, connects us with our frogmen, forefathers and I think this book should be required reading for all seals or anyone even remotely interested in the seal. So they understand where we came from and the sacrifices that were made to get us where we are today and it just so happens that we have the honor of the author Ben Milligan here tonight to talk to us about his time in the teams and his amazing account of the history of the frogmen. Ben, thanks for joining us. Thanks, Jacob. Let's get a little start off by getting a little background on you and where you came from before we get into the background and where the seals came from. Let's figure out about where Ben Milligan came from. So where did you grow up in the inapolis northeastern side and what was the situation you were born to mom and dad do? My dad was in here in the northern throat surgeon, worked in a small town in Indiana called Anderson. It was a small GM town. I think he was the only. He was him and one other auntie in town so he was kind of like minor celebrity status. It wasn't a restaurant that we would go to in town or somebody that could come up and say hey, doc, thanks for such and such. Hey, doc, I got a sore nose for help man. Yeah. At one point I think every single member of my family except for my younger brother worked in my dad's office so we kind of grew up in the medical field. Welcome to Welcom to Doc Milligan. Can you have a seat over there? Would you like a candy? That kind of thing? Yeah, I kind of was probably the worst of my dad's employees but he was kind of enough to keep me on the worst example of Nepotism. What about your mom? Did she work with you? How's my housewife? Yeah, housewife. She looked after us. She looked after us. She was three boys and one girl. So fair amount. What number were you? I was a male. So I have an older brother younger brother and then baby sister. So you're number two out of four. What about what sports were you playing growing up? I played soccer badly. I think they kept me on the team because the school that I went to was so small. They really didn't know what he else. Yeah, I didn't get to the seal teams through any athletic ability. I was a really good trier. So after the end of every soccer season when they passed out of awards, they would always give me like the Mr. Hustle. Most improved with some other. Just sort of underhandleward. What was the anything else going on in high school? What kind of music did you like? Yeah, I did. I was a decent a track but as far as music. That's typical stuff. Nothing crazy. Nothing crazy. Nothing hip. You're looking at the the lamest guy that ever got through. Yeah. When you said you ran track or you ran cross country, you're both. I kind of did a little both. I did cross country. My freshman year. What's the longest race you run in cross country and high school? It's like three miles or something. Yeah, it's nothing overwhelming. I was good at it. I probably could have done that. But after my freshman year, you run a mile when you're in high school. I think the fastest I did was something like 450, 448, something like that. But the only reason I think that was as good as I was ever going to get. When I when I raced after every race, it was, I mean, I dry heaving everything else. I couldn't, I would get so nervous before the race that I couldn't eat. I wouldn't sleep the night before as miserable. What were you nervous about? I was just brutal. Pain because I didn't have the natural talent to do this. So I just got it out. So you were nervous about the suffering you were going to experience. Yeah. What's made you suffer even more? Jack O'Wishos, tougher. I was just... And so what, what did you have any inkling about going in the military when you were in high school? Yeah, I knew that that was, I was going to do that. I think I announced to my parents that I wanted to be a CO when I was 12. They didn't know what a CO was. How did you know what a CO was? I've heard my older brothers friends talking about it. And prior to that, my grandpa had been a Marine in World War II. So growing up until I was about 12, I'd wanted to be a Marine. Then I found out what Navy SEALs were. And then I also sort of found out right at the same time that after the battle of O'Wishos and my grandpa had volunteered. He was one of the few guys that could swim and they were so desperate for a frogman. After O'Wishos and I went for the invasion of Japan that they had ransacked the ranks just looking for anybody that could swim and he had volunteered for the UDT. So he was one of the handful of non-navy guys that actually joined. So he didn't do any operations as a frogman, but he was attached to a UDT. So you found that out, but found that out. And I was like, well, you know, impressionable age. And I'm going to do that. So what was your comfort level in the water? I was like, hi, comfort level. He was, my grandpa was, I think we were at the pool every weekend. So when it was a big part of our growing up and then so very comfortable. But never raced in the water. Never swam competitively. Like I said before, the school that I went to was so small. I think I had 54 kids at my graduating class. I mean, I played soccer because there was no football team. I ran track. We didn't have a wrestling team or anything like that. I had those. I probably would have done them, but I did what I could. When I got to Buds, I, you know, realized after a whole week that I was easily the slowest swimmer that had made it through. I just didn't know what the hell I was doing. So when did you go to college after the school? And where did you go to college? Purdue study history. Is that what you knew you wanted to do? Did you always have like an affinity for history? Always. Yeah. Starting, you know, my dad was always reading to us. My grandpa was always reading to us. We would, as a family, we would take trips and often we were hitting a battlefield along the way. When I hit junior high though, right at that, you know, consequential point in my life. My grandpa, every, every fall, every fall break. He started taking me to a different, you know, the, the long weekend. He would take me to a different civil war battlefield or some other, you know, a revolutionary war battlefield. So it just kind of got, uh, I just got addicted. So it was just, uh, I got caught isn't enthusiasm, I guess. So when you were going to college, were you actually learning and putting, see, when I went to college, I was just doing what I was told to do. I mean, I went, I was already in the Navy when I went to college, but I was just doing whatever I needed to do to get good grades. I wasn't like, oh, this is so interesting. I don't think I said that one single time. I would just like, do I need to memorize this? Cool, give it to me. That was my attitude. But it seems like you might have had a different attitude. No, no, I, if you, uh, at least were trying to get good grades, you're better than me because I didn't care about that. So I mean, I, you're just trying to pass. Well, my, so I tried to enlist, uh, in, in the Navy, my senior year of, uh, high school, I hadn't shown up after a soccer practice back home. And I had gone directly from, uh, practice to the recruiters office. And I was getting ready to sign on the dotted line because I didn't want to go to college. I wanted to go right into the Navy. And, uh, uh, the recruiter to his credit, he, um, uh, stops me before I sign. And he, you know, points, you know, obviously behind me and he goes, do you know that woman, I turn around. My mom has both hands on the window and she saw it. I took a pause. Went out in the parking lot. My mom and I had a conversation, uh, and she begged me not to join the military. Nobody joined the military and our family since, you know, World War II. So when I got out there, I said I would go to one year of college. Uh, and after, if I did that one year of college, I would have their blessing. So when I'd signed up for classes my first year, I had no, I, I, I had no plan. I just signed up for every class. I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, signed up for every class. It looked interesting. I signed up for the history of World War II. I signed up for, uh, I, I mean, I, I, I just, I had no, I just signed up for all these history classes. And I went to the first one. I was hooked. And so you did kind of like your classes. I liked my history classes. So there's only, uh, classes that I paid in the attention to, but I loved them. And I, I had, I had great, uh, professors, the history and political science classes. So there, there's really no military history classes or courses or, uh, left in the country. There's only a couple of institutions that do military history. Um, so they've, they've taken a lot of that military, uh, history curriculum and it kind of, uh, farmed it out to different disciplines, political science being one of them. Um, and so I would, you know, just look for all these interesting classes, all the stuff that, you know, I was interested in. Um, I managed to carve out a degree and when I graduated and, you know, two thousand, I, I don't, somehow I managed to graduate in four years. Um, then I, I tried to go to OCS. I had no idea what I was doing. I never met another seal. My application to go to OCS and then get, uh, a bud's contract afterwards was ridiculous. I mean, they asked, you know, on the application, now I know, you know, you need, like, an admiral or somebody to write a letter, recommendation. My buddy Fred. I had my high school soccer coach. My application was put back. Especially, that was in 2000. Yeah. Oh, yeah. In 2000, the competition for the officer bill it's is insane. Insane. Insane. So I just didn't listen. And the freaking soccer coach just did cut it. Such a bummer. It was a very nice letter. So, so then you just said, cool, I'm the most thing. Yeah. And my parents did you know, did you mom break down the game? You know, my parents were on a trip when this happened. Do you want to see God? Yeah. My parents were gone. Um, they knew how important this was to me. They knew that I really didn't have a plan afterwards. It's not like I'd, you know, been in some sort of apprenticeship to, you know, go to law school or anything like that. I wasn't prepared for anything. So, uh, when that, when I hit that roadblock, I called my parents. They were, you know, like I said, they weren't there talking my dad. And my dad, to his credit, just said this is something you have to do. And so I went over and went to the, uh, and listed recruiter and I signed that day two weeks. Two weeks later, I was gone. That's freaking legit. And what year was that? 2000. So I signed up and, uh, uh, early August of 2000, I was gone by the end of the month. That was 2000. Right. Okay. So you show up in boot camp. And you have that shocked your system. Did you say to yourself, what did I do? My mom was right. Oh, yeah. I was college graduate. I went down my building. Yeah. But, uh, folding underwear. Yeah. I mean, I didn't have the worst boot camp experience. Um, early on, they had, you know, asked for, if anybody here had, uh, college experience and I had raised my hand. So I got made the division, y'all. And so I was able to kind of leave from time to time carrying the mail bag. And just carrying the mail bag for 45 minutes. I was just marching around the base. Yeah. So you get to, what was your, like, pre-training getting ready for butts? Did you do anything? Yeah. I just, hey, whatever. Yeah. I've been following the, um, uh, the butts, uh, pre, or the pre-buds training, uh, plan. Uh, like, you know, certain number of pull ups set up, uh, push ups everything and then running and swimming every day. So you felt like you're pretty good shape. No. I didn't. I thought I was an okay shape, uh, and I've been doing it for a year. Um, um, so about four months before I actually, uh, joined the Navy, I had, uh, linked up with the, uh, the Purdue ROTC guys that were all training to go to butts. And when I linked up with them, their training was on a completely other level. These guys were serious. They had, you know, they'd met Sealed before. I'd never met them at one. And so I did four months of, uh, training with them. I mean, I, I mean, these guys were all in ROTC. I was like, uh, a pony tail that appeared. I just, I was just a, looked like a piece of shit. So I'm not sure. I'm like, who the hell is this guy? You had a pony tail at a beard? What year was this? I was just, I'm not sure. Yeah. Yeah. In 1999. Uh, but what was funny is, uh, a year later when I graduated butts, uh, two of these guys were show, we were checking into butts the day I graduated. And I burst into their room, uh, to say hi. And they had no idea who it was. They made it. They told me. Yeah, that's awesome. Do was, uh, any challenges in butts? Anything that gave you a struggle? Uh, swimming. Uh, yeah, I had to, uh, um, I, I expected that, uh, swimming would, would be just like it was, uh, like, running was for me. Like, you'd start, uh, like running for, for me if I was going to do a long run. Go out at a moderate pace, that moderate pace. The further you go, we'd get harder to maintain. And then by the end of the race, uh, you know, you're, you're, uh, physically taxed, but you can, you know, gut through the, the last bit of pain. I swam like that. I swam at a moderate pace. And by the end of it, I was, I was pretty well-gast. Um, and it wasn't enough. So I started going every weekend of butts. I was, uh, linking up with, uh, a master chief nepper, uh, who I didn't know at the time. I mean, I just knew that he was, you know, a guy that would, you know, take pity on all the people, uh, and, uh, so when everybody else was relaxing and kind of, uh, you know, licking their wounds from the previous week, I was at the pool of Master Chief Nepper. I would not be here. Uh, or I would never have made it through if it wasn't for his classes. And I mean, little that I know that, you know, he was, uh, I mean, he's, you know, one of the oracles of, uh, seal history today. So, so you, grab, when did you graduate from butts? Um, he was August of, uh, 2000. Yeah. August 10th. My, my 20th year was, uh, 2001, 2001. Yeah. So you graduated August 2001, and then where did you get stationed? Uh, I was supposed to go to seal 10, but I went to seal 10 for East Coast. Just some paperwork, mix up or something? Yeah. The half of our class was going to seal 10, five and the other half was going to seal 10, for whatever reason, seal 10 hadn't quite stood up yet. So they switched us to, team four. So you, so where are you in September? So you graduate in August of 2001. Where are you? Where, where, where you actually standing when you, when September 11th goes down? I was home having just completed, uh, airborne. So I, I mean, like everybody else in my class. I'm, I, I immediately went, uh, went downstairs, pack my bag. I was ready to go on no call came. Thought you were going to nom. Like I did. And I thought I was going to nom in 1990. We were not got in, man. We were going nowhere, but disappointment. So you're at seal 10 for you. You, you get into a platoon. What job you, what job are you in the platoon? Uh, I was the, uh, 60 gunner. This is paid gunner. Big gunner. Yeah, freaking new guy. Yep, new guy. No, uh, no responsibility. Uh, I was the, uh, I was the, uh, I was the intel wrap of the platoon. Oh, yeah, that's right. They're like, oh, you went to college. Yeah. You can read intel wrap. Pro-street. What kind of platoon? So it's your team for you getting over tune. How is it? How's it work up? You have a good time? It was all right. I like, you know, there were some leadership challenges, but it was a good platoon. I mean, we had a good chief. A good OIC. Um, we, uh, we didn't have a great mission. We were, uh, we were a mark. So we've got attached to a, uh, you know, uh, uh, uh, uh, Marine, um, what was it, an LPD or LHA, something like that? And we were just sort of on call in the med. Um, you know, and at that point, you know, both, uh, uh, afghanistan and Iraq were going on. It was just, you know, we were sitting out in the, in the med just floating around. We didn't do anything until we, we got called, uh, go do Liberia. That was the, uh, the Liberian civil war. So we did some hydrographic reconnaissance, as stuff like that. You got your lead line and slayed out. I did ride a line. I did. And I was, uh, so we had done, uh, probably half a dozen of these things. Um, and then the, the last one that we were doing was, uh, directly in front of the, uh, uh, the US embassy in Manrovia. Um, and, um, um, I was probably the closest swimmer to the beach, which meant I was the closest swimmer to the sea and un-camera. Uh-huh. I got that out there and if anybody knew my, my history with swimming, I probably would've pushed me further back. Uh, but so I'm, you know, paralleling the beaches were doing this and I know that, you know, the whole world is watching and at some point I got wrapped up in my led line. I was like, oh my gosh. And I'm tied up in this thing. I can't swim. It's a really close shore breaks. So I'm getting hammered with waves. I bounce my head off of big rock. Like, I've got to get out of this line so I pull out my knife. my knife and I start cutting this thing. The way this coming up on me and I'm getting ready to get slammed with this thing and I don't want to stab myself while I'm doing this. And so I look around, I got no, I'm holding the slate with one hand, I got the knife and the other, and I need something to swim with. So I did the only thing I could do. I put my knife in my mouth and I started and I swam through the stroke. Like how world were to frog men is better. Oh, that's for you, you know, awesome. So you get done with that deployment. That was kind of the highlight of the deployment was doing hydrographic reconnaissance in the library. Well, I want to brag. But yeah, it's freaking legit. Yeah. Uh, hey, I did two arc platoon out on the west coast and I've done so many hydrographic reconnaidences. It's ridiculous. But I guess I've never done like a, um, I did real ones but they weren't in combat. They were like in Kuwait. They was real. Like someone was like land there. I mean, but didn't get, I never put my mouth in my, I make my knife and my teeth and swam out. But I think you could probably agree it's not the reason you joined the field teams, not Kuwait. Why join the sealed teams? And that must be, so what'd you do after that? Uh, I had some, you know, sort of family challenges. So I briefly got out until figured out where I was going to be living. When I finally found out I was going to be living in San Diego. Uh, I put my OCS package back together. I really wanted to go back to the teams and be an officer. Soccer coach, write to another letter. Reclamation. I actually had a few decent letters and I was, uh, I just got in San Diego. I, I, I, I, I contracted, uh, in my, you know, during that year off, Blackwater triple canopy. Uh, but where did you go Iraq? Iraq, you know, and what were you doing just PSD basically? Yes, yeah. But once we got in the San Diego, um, I, uh, where were you in, uh, where were Iraq, where you in what years? Uh, well, that was, uh, 2004, 2004, 2005. I mean, I, I, I, I guess it was 2005. I was back in the teams by 2006. What's PSD? Personal security detail. Yeah, it's like doing security. Yeah, so that's what a lot of the contractors were doing. You're doing security for other government workers. And those government workers could be people working on telephone lines. They could be CIA people. They could be government people. But it's basically security. Gotcha. So that's where many of those contracting jobs were for guys that were in special operations. Just doing security. That's, um, so how long were you out for that year? Then you come back in. You wait. What happened with your OCS package? So my OCS package was, uh, I really just needed my last letter of recommendation. So I was in the, uh, uh, the group one commander's office for my, for my interview. He was kind enough to give me an interview. I had been getting ready for that interview for a while. And, uh, the morning of the interview, I was, uh, contacted by a seal team 18 and said I was recalled. So I was like, well, it's not the end of the world. But let's see if I can get this, you know, OCS package signed off on. So if you serve everyone knows, seal team 18 is a reserve seal team. Correct. Or if you're in the, if you get out of this team, then you want to stay connected. You can go in the reserves. Yeah. That's what that is. So you got recalled. How many teams are there? Oh, like, all together. Or eight seal teams, uh, there are eight seal teams at the time for our on each coast and then there's that group. But then, uh, in addition to the, uh, uh, eight active duty team plus that group, there's there were two reserve seal teams with sort of a new concept. They, they were trying. So they got eight teams plus two reserve teams. So 10 and then dev group 11. Yeah. I guess. That's not in the way. Yeah. Kind of. There's some other things. But yeah. Yeah. So because when you say team, that's like a technical thing like, yeah, because you got S.D.V. teams to write. Right. Right. Right. Our also teams got, but the numbers, though, because that's well, you got S.D.V. team one and S.D.V. team two. So you got another two teams. All right. This goes deep. So you can't leave S.D.V.s. Yeah. I understand that boys are working hard. It's a different hard. Um, so I'm in the off and I'm, uh, I, you know, I, I knew that, you know, I, I've found out that morning. I was getting recalled, but still hoping that, you know, the, uh, uh, the captain could, uh, maybe figure something out. So I do the interview. Interview goes great. I think, and, uh, he's like, do you have anything for me? And I said, well, sir, um, not for nothing, but I just got recalled this morning. Uh, I was wondering if there's anything you could do, you know, I'd really like to, you know, follow through on the socials packaging, come back to the teams as an officer. And he just said, now that sucks. So I found myself back in the teams, but, you know, it was the best thing that could have ever happened. I went to seal team five and, uh, jumped on a great, putton, a great leadership and, you know, uh, that we, we followed you. Yeah, you guys really dust, not my task unit, but you guys went to hobby. Yeah. Yep. So you rolled out to hobby and you were a reservist that was activated. Yep. And they put you in a putton. Yep. Well, that's freaking awesome. It was, yeah, it was great. Did you do any of the work up or anything? Yeah. So you did the work up, went on to point it, but your reservist, but your in a putton. Yeah. What was your job? Uh, R2, or the radio telephone up, I was the com guy. I did a little bit of breaching, but then, you know, kind of taught myself how to be a J-tech, but that's a interesting thing to try and teach yourself while you're on the ground in hobby. And not only that, but, you know, I knew that the putton needed a com guy. I'd been to com school and never been a com guy, but they asked for a com guy and I said, yes, I'm the best com. That is time. I thought I'd do it. So it's good to call. Yeah. How was that deployment? It was great. What were you guys doing hobby in O-6, O-7? That was like the winner of O-6 into O-7, right? Correct. What kind of was your missions? What were you guys doing? We were doing a lot of, you know, sniper overwatches and then, just doing a go-in house after house. You know, doing little, uh, well, house to house raids, looking for al Qaeda, just like you guys weren't there. So you're kind of living the dream. I was living, I was doing exactly what I thought I would be doing and when I enlisted in 2000. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. I always felt that way when I was in Iraq. I felt like I was so lucky to be where I was. And then I will say in Ramadi it was a little next level because, you know, when you're a kid, you kind of look, I was thinking, no, you know, my whole life, I was thinking, no, right? But even, there was something even a little bit more seem like a little bit extra, was straight up World War Two, right? You're thinking World War Two, you think it takes, it's stuff. So in Ramadi, there was times where tanks were rolling down the street, rolling in through buildings, over walls, it was WWE. And man, it was freaking awesome. Yeah. But you're right. I mean, I mean, I had that non-expectation too and we got there. It was a, it was a ground war. The only thing that made it sort of non-like is the Fratee River. Oh, yeah, for sure. And we would use the Sockars, Tensert and, you know, there's only so many boat guys on the Sockars and sometimes they're alternating between right or port and starboard side guns. So if they didn't have anybody on, you know, a gun, you just stand up and you grab one. And yeah, you're in a t-shirt and rolling up your Fratee's River. And there was an area, an whole AO called OneMC or MC1. I can't remember, but it was up north, kind of north east of the town of Ramadi and it was on the north side of the river. And it looked like nom. It was ridiculous. It plus we had the Marine Corps, he was flying around. And we called it V at ROM because it was like, there's Ramadi, but it looked like V at ROM. And it was freaking crazy right on. And so you get done with that deployment and then what what are you doing you get home? At that point, I started thinking about grad school. Okay, I was, so you were a reserve. So when you got home, were you released from active duty kind of? Yeah, I went to, but I managed to parlay that and to going over to workhouse. I worked for a couple of years over at work home. And I, my platoon chief from Seal Team 5 was going over there to run the J-TAC program. And you know, I kind of taught myself how to do all that. So he said if you want, you can come over work with me what you're going to grad school. And so we just, we just did J-TAC stuff for the next two years while I went through. I got my degree. Where did you go to school? USD. Oh, I went to undergrad there. Did you? I'd use USD. Gorgeous. That's a nice place. And then when you're thinking, hey, we still think about trying to put that OCS package in or I was, I mean, I had, it was on the sort of the back burner. I was trying to decide whether or not it was going to go put the OCS package to go back active or do like an FTS package and get a commission in the reserves. So I had my first kid and once I had the first kid, I was like, I don't want to leave this guy. So I went with the reserves. So I got a commission. So the day I left active duty. I got a commission in the reserves. Oh, so you did end up getting a commission reserves? I did. You still have it right now? Well, I'm out of the reserves now. Oh, okay. I left left the reserves four years ago. Or maybe a little more. So you get done. And now you realize you want to stay home with the kid. And so then what you're trying to put your life together on the outside, how's that, though? No, great. Like any guy who leaves the, you know, their dream job and suddenly finds themselves doing something they never expected to do. It didn't go great, Jaco. I was, you know, like everybody trying to figure out what my next, my next big thing was looking for relevance in any, any area that I could find it. And I quickly realized that in my business life, I was not going to be successful. What business is the joy? Well, I first office, I started at a textile manufacturer and feel we were trying to get back to family because we had, you know, I had a new kid and probably another one on the way. So my wife at the time lived in South Jersey. So we went there. So I got a job, a textile manufacturer and Philly and they were great people. And I really liked the company and I was just terrible at it. You know, they wanted to start like a tactical product's line and I thought I'd try, you know, business and yeah, I didn't do well. I didn't do terrible, but I just like I don't, I don't know what I'm doing. So I started thinking about this right about then. I was like, there's only two things that I can do. And, you know, I don't want to leave the kid and all right, you know, at that time it was, you know, one kid had become two. So I started thinking about this. What was the catalyst that made you actually get out your computer, open the word processor and start typing? That was probably extortion one seven. So like everybody I went to, you know, you know, quite a few of the funerals after that. And I went to J. T. S. Funer of John Thomelson. He was, he was from the rockford Iowa. So I went to his funeral and totally unexpected. But when I was there, I met Jim Hornfisher or James D. Hornfisher. That's his author name, but he was a literary agent. And he was, but he was also a, probably the, you know, the greatest, you know, naval historian in the country. He had written last stand of the tin cancels, Neptune's in Fernow. So when I got to J. T. S. Funerl, everybody's there, he's drinking. I see this guy who's totally out of place. He's six foot five, you know, whereas glass is just kind of, not a team guy clearly. And one of my friends quickly, you know, realizes that, you know, he has the two biggest nerds at the event and he introduces us and was in 30 seconds. I knew that this was a guy that was going to change my life. So we started talking to the military. We got, got pretty little up, kept his business card in my pocket for the next year. It was kind of, you know, secretly working on an idea for a book. And after a year, I sent him a cold email and just, you know, here's a chapter. I want to take a look at it and he sent an email back and he said, this is fantastic. And I spent the next six months putting an outline together for what the rest of the book would look like. And he took that to New York and he got a contract. So they gave me a two-year contract, you know, the next eight years working on it. They gave you a two-year contract. Yeah. And you just kept saying, I just kept thinking going, I just got a contract. Yeah, no, it wasn't that. It was like, I just, you know, they wanted, they wanted a product that I quickly realized I couldn't give them. So I knew that, what did they want? They wanted a, they wanted a history of the, of the teams, but they wanted it done quickly. Like everybody, I mean, you can, so I knew that if I did that, then the history that I was going to write was going to be like every other history that I've been written on the teams sort of just wave tops. And I knew that it wasn't going to be written with any sort of intent beyond, you know, just my own interest in each of the events. I knew I knew that the, I knew the teams deserved something like this. I just didn't know how to do this. So I just kind of broke the whole thing down. I found a bunch of, I found two or three books that I really liked. I read each of them three or four times. One of them I went through and I literally outlined it, you know, not page by page, but like chapter by chapters. Like this chapter is doing this, this chapter is doing this. And I just sort of broke it down. How does this author? You know, when I found another author, how does this author introduce characters? How do they, you know, how do they just, you know, structure or how do they, you know, we've multiple storylines together. And I just kind of taught myself how to do this. Did you, but I knew, I knew that they, that, you know, this was going to take me a lot longer than two years. So when they gave you two years, what did you, did you just sign the contract and just sign the contract? No, is that you would, yeah, I did the same thing. I did it, sealed team five. You know, I said, yeah, I'm a con guy. I just, you said, you all right this in two years? Yeah. How pissed were they when you kept messing the deadline by five years? You know, two, they're credit. They didn't bother me. They would check in. And the only thing that they really did was, they, they wanted to see the first chapter. So once the first chapter was finished, I sent that off and they said, okay, this is, and I, it took me between six and seven months to write that first chapter on the Raiders. How many hours a day would you work? I would start at 430 and I would work until about eight. And then I would, you know, do rest of my day and then I'd come home, I'd get my kids to bed. And then once I put them to bed, I'd work as long as I couldn't till I was just kind of smoked. So you're probably getting like five, six hours a day on the book? Yeah. For, yeah. Yeah, I mean, I'll tell you what, we'll get into the book. Now, but before we do the book is freaking, it's, it's an incredible book and the detail you go into, it's over 500 pages long. I'll read a fraction of that today. It was so hard for me to figure out what to, what parts to read. I guess I could have talked to you about it. Maybe we could have discussed it, but I just kind of like, every page has got really important stuff on it. The writing's terrific, clearly and unmistakably you sourced it from a lot of first-person accounts, you know, capture documents, or information captured from documents, from official traffic, from interviews, from other sources. It reads like an action novel in many parts, except for the fact that it's all true, which makes it even better to read. So this book, I can't recommend this book enough, just a fantastic history. And it's not, it's not just about the seals because one of the premises of the book is that seals wouldn't exist if either really the Marine Corps or the Army would have stuck to and committed, committed to the idea of having these kind of direct action raiders, which is what the seal teams ends up being. And everybody's got it kind of got it now, you could say, but for many years there was many attempts at doing this, and they wouldn't work out for various reasons. Maybe a mission would go bad or a war would end or a combination of those two things, or you know, when you're in the Army and you're a general, when you got some cowboy looking guy running around, and you're senior to that cowboy looking guy, you think I don't want this guy running around? I'm going to disband his whole organization, or you're in the Marine Corps, you do the same thing. Hey, you know, I was in the Marine Corps, Marine Corps is right in tight, you know, and now who's this guy running around with freaking long hair? No, I'm going to disband that whole organization, and that seems to happen a lot. There's one group, the Navy, where you're in the Navy, so you're sort of, you know, if you're to add real Navy, you kind of want to have some of these pipe editors running around that can make something happen, and that's, I think, part of the, part of the genesis of the seal teams. So, book is fantastic. Let's get into some of this. So, here we go. On August 8th, at 0900, both submarines departed sub-based Pearl Harbor and made it for the open ocean. It was in the lead was the notalist with Carlson and 87 Raiders of B company, following almost a day behind was the larger and slower Argonaut with Roosevelt and the remaining 134 men, the majority belong to A company. For eight, sweltering days, the Raiders lived crammed alongside each other, anywhere they could stretch each man, a prisoner to, to the heat, sweat, and stink of the one next to him. After 2,000 miles of the specifics omnipotent slightly farther than New York city to San Diego, the notalist finally arrived at its target on August 16th. So, these are marine Raiders. Group that have been put together to go out, they're conducting freaking sub-operations in World War II. Fast forward, and that's, you know, obviously I'm only reading chunks of the book. So, it seems a little bit stilled or, or you don't recognize some of the names. Believe me, every person that's in this book is described, you know, you give an incredible background on people where they came from, how they got in the situation they're in. So, when you hear me jumping, you haven't heard of a character, it's just because I haven't read, I'm not reading you the entire book. Fast forward a little bit, sensing his momentum, eroding like the ground beneath him Carlson, sloth through the soft sand, hastening to gather his men before the sun rose. Obviously, they've been inserted at this point. If he could find the, find an untangle, his two reduced companies, and point them in the direction of their targets, he might still have a chance. Because there had been no reconnaissance, however, no one knew for sure where, or where, where they were, or where to go, with four miles of beach to the left, and another six miles to the right, with targets, their targets could be anywhere, if their targets were there at all. We're still one whole boat crew is missing. Without target locations or knowledge of enemy strength, the 13 men, with 13 men on accountant for and possibly drowned, Carlson was blind and groping for answers in an ever-brightening world, his men becoming ridiculously conspicuous, along the white beaches in their uniforms of dyed black. So this is already off to a bad start with these guys. Yeah, they, uh, yeah, I don't know what to say. I mean, I, uh, the, um, right, organizing the book, I knew where I knew where I needed the book to end. I knew that the book would end in Vietnam because in Vietnam, it's in Vietnam that the seal teams become what they are today. Land focus, go anywhere, commandos. What he did know was how it happened, and I didn't have, like, you know, uh, in order to, you know, decide what a book's going to be, you've got to have, you know, not just an endpoint, you're going to have a beginning point. So I needed to find that first instance where the Navy, um, the Navy had that, uh, that desired to create some sort of rating unit. Now, we all know that, you know, the Marine Corps is a department of the Navy. So the Navy has its own army. Uh, and so logically, the Marine Corps should have been able to feel that first commando unit that worked directly for the Navy. The reason that they don't do that ultimately, uh, happens, you know, in the opening days of World War II, and all happens because of this make an island rate. The Marine Corps doesn't want the readers, uh, the, uh, the Marine Corps wants what it's always wanted, or, or not what it's always wanted. They want what they've wanted since World War I. And World War I, the Marine Corps, uh, becomes every bit as, uh, consequential as the US Army. So the leaders of the Marine Corps who all fought on the battlefield, the first World War, they feel like when World War II happens, uh, they can finally, uh, achieve the status that their service has long, uh, uh, uh, deserved. So they're not interested in, uh, being the Navy's anything. They're, they're, they're, they're interested in being their own branch of service completely, uh, uh, uh, uh, you know, subservient to themselves. Uh, so when the Navy says, they want to, uh, spread the Japanese, uh, attention away from the Solomon's or away from the South Pacific and do this raid, Marine Corps thinks well, it's, you know, it's not really what we should be doing, but we'll do it just because the Navy wants it. So when it, it predictably, uh, when they send, uh, these raiders up there, uh, with a, uh, commander that the Marine Corps really didn't want it. They really didn't like Carlson. Uh, it, it goes predictably bad and then the Marine Corps justifies the reason, uh, that they never wanted them in the first place. It's, it's interesting, um, even when, and I don't know if you'll remember this because it might be a little bit, but you didn't come in until 2000. Yeah, when I came in, the, the, the Marine Corps attitude was, what we don't need a special operations group inside the Marine Corps because all Marines are special. Yeah, and that's that was a 200% their attitude and they kept that, like, to the T when I was in, that was, that was just how they rolled, was, was through that. Um, yeah, I mean, they, they have had that attitude since the first, well, since World War II, but it's in the first world, they, they, they realized what they can be. Yeah, which is a parallel army. You, uh, the, the, the, the work that you did to research these, these battles and you go into so much detail with them. I mean, here we go and back to the book real quick, um, for the next 30 minutes, a company fought a suicidal enemy armed with four machine guns, two grenade throwers, automatic rifles, and a flame thrower. Each time the Raiders managed to silence a machine gun, nest another Japanese gun, which step over the piled bodies surrounding it and bring it to life. Worst of all unseen and inscapable were the snipers, last to the tops of the palms, not blinded by the sun and rewarded for their patients. Each sniper sought out, movement and took aim. We pleaded with Thompson to stay down one man remembered years later, there were snipers within 50 yards of us. He did not compelled instead to shuttle between his men pointing out targets as he went. His metal of honor was awarded posh, mostly. We had japs in front of us, above us, alongside us, to our left and behind us remembered Corporal Young, exposed at the tip of the cold asak, even when they managed to fight free of the Japanese around them, their good sense kept them nailed to the ground. I lay as fat as flat as I could and tried to shrink myself as narrow as possible, said private Glenn Lincoln, playing possum under the palm trees and the scrutiny of two separate machine gun positions. In 30 minutes, nine Raiders from second platoon were dead. So was Thompson. So was Lieutenant Jerry Holtham, the battalion intelligence officer, a child of missionaries and the one Raider who could speak Japanese. Also killed were four radio telephones operators, each one singled out by the antenna wagling above his shoulder, which was connected to a waterlogged radio that either lacked the power to reach Carlson's command post or did not work at all. So like you said, this is just a disaster. This situation. It's a disaster, but it highlights even though each branch of service has leaders that have their own purposes for creating these units at various times for various reasons. In each instance, whether it's Raiders or Rangers or Lerps or whatever, the guys on the ground, these are, I mean, every bit is heroic and deserving of our respect as the seals that their legacy is ultimately funnel into. So the branches of service don't support their efforts. Now for one various reasons, it takes a long time to get there. But you're right, you said it, you're opening remarks. I mean, this history or this institution, the seal teams, could not have come to be, would not have come to be a landfocus command or unit, had it not been for the gap that the Army and the Marine Corps and the CIA were the OSS continually provide over this 30-year period of history. So that kind of, as you mentioned, that kind of, that first raid that making raid kind of put a, put a damper on the enthusiasm of the Marine Corps to go out and make one of these units. Fast forward a little bit, you say this, in the book, in May 1942, an anticipation of the Army's need, the Navy issued a narrow call for volunteers to join something called the amphibious commandos. What made the call narrow was that it seemed to be directed at a single group. That group was, in the words of one reported, the 600 or so quote, educated muscle men who had signed on as assistant instructors to the Navy's physical fitness program. These were led by the most educated muscle man of his day, Lieutenant Commander James Joseph Green, Tony, I'm saying that right, Tony, Tony, Tony, six feet tall, equipped with heavy fist shape chin and handsome smile that every man, woman and child in the country recognized, Tony was known, wait did I get that right, Tony, you're Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony was known as the great war machine turned heavyweight boxing champ who had not once but twice defeated Jack DMC. Unlike many boxes of his day who's training consisted of in the words of one competitor, a haircut and a shave, Tony had managed this feat by relentlessly conditioning his body during the day and by reading Shakespeare every night. After winning his second fight, Tony had fought only once more, then quit the ring forever to follow what, to follow that irresistible pull as one contemporary reported, no reporter noted to do something big in other fields. This had included lecturing on Richard III at Yale and inventing the gene, Tony, exercise or a long board equipment, a long board equipped with ropes and pullies that would raise the feet and condition the abdomen's it sold for $3. Biggest of all, he had swapped his old global anchor for the bronze oak leaves of a naval officer in order to rid his new service of what he considered its greatest threat, the pot belly. I dare say that 50% of the officers in listed men cannot properly stand at attention said the newly commissioned Tony in 1941, partly blaming their ill-fitting dungries, which stretched too much and induced the wearer to stick out his belly and hold them up. Tony reasoned that the problem was actually a threat to national security, then would eventually lead in his words to moral collapse. Believing like all Marines that a strong physique undergirded a strong character, Tony's initial efforts in the navy had met with only moderate success because sailors were not Marines and as such had never cared much for either fitness or character. Yeah, you're dry ho humid comes through a lot in this book. I had to cut. I don't know, probably five sex pages of Tony out. I mean, the one problem that you face when you're writing a book like this is that you research is really seductive. You can go down rabbit hole after rabbit hole. Keep going. You keep going. You find article after article after article and you want to you want to cram all this information into that into that paragraph and it doesn't take anywhere. So you constantly have to be asking yourself, what is this? First of all, what's the book? I kept a note card on my desk when I started working on the book and the note card had three questions on it. It was pinned to the wall. It said, what's the purpose of the book? What's the purpose of the chapter? What's the purpose of this paragraph? And if the paragraph is not in support of the chapter and if the chapter is not in support of the book, then you're not, you're doing it wrong. So, every character that you come across, you want to give them some sort of introduction. Tony's consequential and that he attracts all of these studs. Yeah, he brings all of these studs. But he doesn't have the program that's going to be able to contain these guys. So he attracts all of these, you know, pro football players to his program that they all want to, you know, serve their country, you know, in the most aggressive way possible and they find out that they're going to be calistening instructors. So of course, you know, what's going to happen. So Tony collects all these guys and then, you know, I think the, go ahead. Yeah, it's, it's, you know, I've done a lot of reading about sag and every, basically, I would say every sag mission in Vietnam could be its own book. And just want every single sag mission. And that's the feeling I get when, when reading your book, every one of these characters that you introduce could be their own book. Yeah, just about every single character could be their own book. You just have to stop. You've got to, you've got to draw the line at some point. You'd be like, yes, there's a book here clearly, but we're, you know, we're going on to, you know, the subject. I never wanted to write a book with a thesis. I was never my objective. I didn't want to prove anything. But what I did find was that with the thesis, with the thesis, I was able to connect all these disparate stories. Right. Never would have formed a, you know, a comprehensive story. Mm-hmm. But with that thesis, by asking the question, how did the Navy come to create a land focus going to a work of a, I was able to stitch all these other, you know, Rangers and Raiders and all the other stories of, you know, the non-seal units into a book about the seals. So here's another character that you introduce, um, that we all in the seal teams. No. When 28-year-old Phil Bucklew, a football star from Columbus, Ohio had presented himself at an Army recruitment office immediately after Pearl Harbor to volunteer for the pair of troopers. The recruiter had taken one look at his six foot two, 235 pound frame and said, I could, I could take two instead of you, considering that the smallest soldier the army could accept was a shadow heavier than 105 pounds of recruiters absolutely right. Disappointed to be passed up for the pair of troopers and thus loses chance to be dropped into a foreign land, Bucklew had settled for the Navy. Then settled again for the, for the Tone program, ostensibly the best place in the military for someone with his background. After playing for Xavier University in Cincinnati and then the ramp for the Rams in Cleveland, Bucklew had since gone on to raise money and recruit players for his own professional football team, accomplishments that had demonstrated not only intelligence and toughness that Tone sought, but also leadership and the risk taking of an entrepreneur. He was not the only footballer with hidden potential. Big John Trips in a six foot five bushy-haired all-American from Mississippi State, had already seen more of the country than most Americans ever would, having traded his life on the South Texas planes to play all-protackle for the Detroit Lions and Robert Herrick, a mountain of muscle from the mountains of Colorado, who stacked every bit as high as his Texas colleague had enlisted in the Navy not only as a graduate of Colorado State, but as it's head football coach. Essentially he was a roster with more potential than Tone's program contained. It's just a bunch of freaking beasts. Got it, got to read this part too. So at the call for amphibious commandos, Bucklew and nine other tight-knath leads raise their hands when they reported to their next assignment, Achief Petty Officer with a knowledge of angling and the Toney regime took one look at the oversized arrivals and dubbed them the tuna fish. The name stuck. You get another guy named Halperon in here who plays a huge role in all this. Yeah, he's indispensable. I mean, everybody, you know, the temptation when you're writing about these guys is to introduce them as they come. You know, you come to Bucklew. You want to introduce Bucklew because Bucklew is one of the most important people in the history of NSW. You come to him. You want to give him a good, you want to give him him the introduction that he deserves, but he doesn't become, he doesn't become Phil Bucklew. The consequential Phil Bucklew until Vietnam. So you've got to hold your fire and you've got to, you know, sort of convince the reader that if you just hold on, we're going to get there. So because the most consequential person, person of this period, is the guy you just mentioned, is Bucklew. Yeah, you get this guy Bucklew, Pernet, a mere six feet, 225 pounds. Guess what monsters? This is back in the day, too. This is freaking, like World War II. Guys are not jacked. Like they are now. Well, if you're six foot six feet, 225 back in the day, you are jacked. 100%. Echo, can you confirm? From the bro science perspective. Okay. This may be true. At a mere six feet, 225 pounds, Robert Buck Halperon was easily the smallest of the group. But stood out from his fellow footballers for a string of peculiarities, not the least of which a face, not unlike that of Holly Woods, Robert Taylor. Besides this, he was half a decade older than the rest and had a personality that was not only his dry as Cabernet, but also incomparably unflappable. Most peculiar of all, he'd been raised and educated in the exclusive Chicago suburb of Oak Park, the second son of prominent Jewish immigrants at the time, not exactly features that encouraged friendships with working class white footballers, but trying telling that to Halperon. Unlike the son of Jewish immigrants, unlike many sons of Jewish immigrants, Halperon had been raised to speak no yetish to practice no faith. A boy so adrift from any spiritual anchor that he adopted two regional substitutes as his sanctuaries. The first had been Lake Michigan in which he swam so often and so well that he once caught the admiration of awaiting Al Capone. And upon which he had learned to sail, eventually reading the Wendy city's win so well that he had taken up competitive racing. The other sanctuary, a high, holy place if there ever was one had been the Notre Dame football stadium. Asked why a Jew would submit himself to such a Christian university, Halperon had flatly replied because it was the best. So this is another guy. Yeah, he just a character. And he starts, I mean he starts from nothing. He doesn't, he has no expectation. He's so old when World War II starts. He's 34 years old when he enlists his assignment in the Navy. But his brother had been a radiologist at Pearl Harbor. And so after you're seeing your brother, you know, performing such service, what else you know, you've got to do the same. So he pulls every string and can get himself into the Navy. And I don't know. I don't want to give anything away, but he, I mean he goes from the Tony program all the way to China. I mean he becomes NSW's first ground force commander. It's friggin nuts. Um, last week of 1942, Buck Halperon in the rest of the tuna fish, plus 36 enlisted sailors left the Solomon Islands where they were trucked more than 100 miles to a point where the lower lip of the Chesapeake Bay met the Atlantic Ocean. Here, the Virginia Coast gave way to an isolated tidewater inlet called Little Creek and a dirt road based with dirt floor housing that made the Solomon's look like San Francisco upon arrival they were greeted by an army officer. Lieutenant Lloyd Petticoord Jr. 29 year old former commander of the observer group who now wore knee-high leather boots of a horse soldier and in spite of a small stature when standing at attention look like a nail waiting to be driven into a rail tie. His personality wasn't far off as one of the few soldiers who had participated in Marine Corps Flex exercises, he knew all two other challenges awaiting the men. He now welcomed to the intensely difficult course he had just created a course of soft sand runs rubber boat races and endless team calisthenics known as the joint army navy amphibious scouts in radar school at last the navy's volunteers for amphibious commandos were about to come them. That's sort of the beginning and there's something you know what's interesting I don't know I'm thinking if you do those like psychological games where or psychological tests where somebody says something and it makes you think of whatever you know you have to say what it means but when you hear amphibious commando who's not 100% in all that way. Like when I think I knew it at amphibious commando is when I was five years old and wanted in you know. I had I collected these little air fix soldiers the little one 30 second size little army men when I was a kid my mom eventually threw them all the way by the way just a savage I had a hundred of them and I used to you know dream and talk and play with those things but my favorite was the British commandos the Adli LaZodiacs and and kayaks and little a beany caps like that was the deal and you see that was when I was a little kid that was like a hair amphibious commandos. So again I can't read so much I know but yeah a pedicure like he's a each of the people that I focus on in the book. I tried to drill down as close as I could you know there's you know the general of thumb as you start big and you go small so you read whatever is available you the existing literature that's out there and there have been there have been a couple of books that have been published in pedicure it's a character so you kind of trace those down you know pedicure it out from buckley whatever you're trying to get as close you can to the person that you want to write about or the the person that becomes the consequential person of the moment so you're trying to learn about them and such a way that you can find out the traits in that person that made them consequential and whether the traits that made you know somebody like Carlson, a failure or the traits that made pedicure to buckler or hauntburn success so oftentimes you'd hit a wall there's no place you know there's no more information that's available and existing literature so you've got to start digging into you know archival material so I had learned pretty quickly you know what archives around the country usually had the most stuff so I would go to those archives and I would dig. But where does this place you got to go to like yeah so the libraries or something yeah so the archive that I generally used about five different archives the most the best one was probably the National Archives in Maryland they they have the most stuff and they have the it's accessible when you start getting to the military archives that that the army so much the army archives is actually really a world class institution I loved going there that's in Carl and the Marine Corps archive in Quantico another another great archive the Navy yard it or the naval heritage and history command our archive at the Navy yard that was a bit trickier they had for whatever reason I think a lot of it had to do with the fact that they had a active shooter there a few years before so security on the on the base was tight but they would really so very close held institutions so when you went there you know digging through their stuff could be a little complicated you had to plan around it but you'd find stuff you'd find you know I found letters the pedic ordered written you've got to really you've got to look at the letter you've got to read it once you know highlight what's important and you've got to read it again and again and figure out you know what you can learn about him from the letter at the way talks the way it writes the way he thinks when you run into that when you can't you know squeeze any more information out of that then you're left with find in the family and you know in this case I found pedic words family I tried to find you know at least a family member for every you know person that I you know focused on on the book had dinner with buck Alprens son last night still close friends with him but pedicors family you know some of these people they don't realize like how important their dad or their grandfather was in the history and they have no idea why you're calling them and they you know that you know they they would provide photos they provide letters sometimes they would let you come to their house and dig through their stuff um yeah pedicord was one of those that I didn't expect to find as much as I did but talking to them I mean you can get little details I don't my fun one photo of pedicord wearing those boots and I knew that they were you know the boots that army cavalry soldiers wore and I didn't anticipate that they were boots that he wore you know through the rest of his career until I ran into an old scout and raider I was a 96-year-old guy old Jim Barnes what they call them I was like you know I'd sat down to interview Jim Barnes and I you know what do you remember about pedicord and the first thing that he remembered were those boots yeah little details after this here you you detail you go through some of the details of operation towards which is up in North Africa the Sabu River it's it's success you know it's a tough operation five of the 10 original tuna fish get the navy cross from that operation and again I'm skipping through some of that right now get the book get the book and read about that freaking operation because it's epic um the origination you know we've said this a couple times but the origination of everything that goes on here is is you you have to tell talk about the raiders you have to talk about the rangers you have to talk about why why why what happened to them and why they didn't become seals or at least this seal type thing this is a section here where you start talking about um well the rangers so the premise is you know that the navy should never have had this capability when I started trying to come up with a title for the book I warn the my options for sub-pitals were like something like the origin story the navy seals at unit that should not exist something like that something is you know provocative like like that and the reason they shouldn't exist is because of the army and the marine queen the industry I all of these institutions were better suited for this mission than the navy was uh so in order to you know explain the question that I you know ask at the beginning how the navy you know come to field this you know land focus go anywhere commando for us um the way that's phrased is you have to understand why these other institutions didn't uh become that first why they didn't block the navy from becoming that and only in understanding why they didn't become that can you understand really understand why the navy did it why the navy felt like it had to do it that includes the rangers going to the book the officer selected to command the rangers 31 year old major William Orlando Derby born in Fort Smith our can saw in 1911 the same guerrilla studded year as Lord Lovat and Russell Volkman Derby grew up believing that he was destined for greatness of average size and looks as greatness laid below the surface as it as it is so often with tragic men a war would be to require to uncover it black hair blue eyed wide mouth as a duck Derby had a ruddy face divided into equal parts forehead and chin his left cheek borham mysterious brilliant red scar not particularly muscular he nevertheless affected chest out shoulders back posture in which his arms seemed to always cock to the rear as if never more than a moment away from snapping to attention son of a printer and a musician the second child between two sisters he grew up scouting the Arkansas woods and playing the saxophone while in high school his older sister died in Texas he married then divorced in spite of disappointment and tragedy his attitude remained as it ever had been good humored and irrepressible in personality just like his posture he was direct forceful and never vacillating had the military gnaut dominated and given and driven him to a life of soldiering he would have made a born salesman he is the ideal commando leader wrote Colonel Vaughn at the end of the course he possesses the energy keenness and personality which produces the best out of those under his command graduated from west point in 1933 at the apex of the bell curve ranked 177 out of 346 he was originally assigned as a field artillery officer fast forward a little bit if the ideal army officer was equal parts confidence bravery energy and obedience Darby was all these things but perhaps too much the last more than anything he believed his men could and should perform any mission assigned to them from the most audacious lightning raids to the most ignominious re-rational on duties to the most spectacular seized season hold operations because of this no one would be more responsible for proving the value of the Rangers or for their downfall so you go into talking about their first experience the Rangers first combat experience who choose in deep yeah yep yeah that's I think I say France 1942 yeah and that that that one sentence that I give depth that represents 20 pages of book that I had to cut out like I spent like I said the research is really seductive I mean you find something that is so you know what you think is meaningful or what you think you know sort of shows you the direction that this whole thing is going in you I mean the temptation is to really really focus on it and drag your reader through this but you have to remember that you know you're trying to get the reader someplace and you don't want a frontload of chapter with 20 pages of battle and introduce characters in this battle or of this battle they're really not going to take anywhere they're also epic speaking of British commandos jockels perhaps inspiration for being a commando himself you got this quarter I'm just gonna read one quote this is what the Ranger said about the about the commandos that they went into gap with my god those commandos can fight remember one Ranger after the battle they'd kneeled down or lie down and fire then stand up grab an apple off a tree and start firing again freaking brits um so you go through that raid you go through another raid was even more dramatic victim of a winch that broke while lowering his landing craft dumping him as radios and equipment back into the ocean darby nevertheless scrambled back apart as boat then led four companies plus one chaplain ashore their despite squelching wet boots he and his Rangers marched uphill for three miles every man carrying a full loadout of ammunition plus fighting knives band that's climbing ropes one stick a dynamite and two mortar rounds the two unluckiest also pushed a muel cart bulging with still more mortar rounds when the Rangers arrived at fort denored they found it was surrounded by concentric search circles of barbed wires high as eight feet in his deepest 14 with every snip each man's nerves nerves since tighter just as they were about to reach the last ring a machine gun barked and drove them to the ground darby every the artillery man wasted no time really pull up your pull your company back a few yards then hit him when the barrage stops we tenip Murray had got had hardly got his men untangled from the wire when the first rounds bumped into the battlements thus persuaded the French defenders abandoned their machine guns and retreated chased by Murray and his Rangers shouting high-ho silver away that's fighting against the um the French the Vici French yeah fast forward a little we got had not I mean the when you read that and when you when you think about the Rangers it just reinforces everything I said before the seals should not exist yeah when you have you know what is clearly a naval commando force go anywhere commando force as capable as the Rangers were in 1942 this is a capability the army had they created it they were smart enough to create it and then they lost sight of the reasons that they created it and are actually the lose side of the reasons the the reasons that they created it are the reason that they had the downfall they didn't care about you know the Rangers commando capability there were more preoccupied with using the Rangers as a way to teach the rest of the army how to fight we want to integrate our Rangers with British commandos because the British commandos are really the only English speaking troops on the planet that knew how to fight they wanted to you know George Marshall wants to take that experience and pass it along to the rest of the US infantry or the army infantry and so by the time that the infantry starts to you know elevate itself to the the capabilities of the Rangers then divisional commander start using the Rangers more is not uh commandos to go you know radar uh on artillery position or command post they just start pushing them ahead of the infantry uh the homeless sort of like suicidal spearheaders and when you know the chapter ends I mean it's it's just it's so depressing but so predictable let's get there this is a massive mission this is in uh sister and uh you go through I mean I'm gonna I'm gonna catch the last little bit of it you go through the battle you go through it unfolds I mean there's so many leadership lessons to learn in here obviously it's all about leadership all the time but not a leadership lessons that are in this book is incredible um kind of wrapping this up since he'd been blown off the top of a smoking tank dobson had somehow made it back to his men near the calica pre-calica pre-neigh house there while organizing another defensive perimeter he had taken more shrapnel is right throughout thigh now lying in a ditch next to a burning self-propelled gun whose artillery rounds continue to cook off around him he passed his command to captain Charles Shunstrom a Ranger since the aconnary days and Darby's tank killing comparison and Darby's tank killing companion at gala upon taking command Shunstrom unaggressive as aggressive a soldier as the US Army had ever produced short-up his position with several companies of the third battalion and even attempted a flanking movement to either break free of the encirclement or believe you're not take the town none of it worked at 1045 solid communications were finally established between Darby and Shunstrom's radio the care of which was now in the hands of captain Edward Kitchens kitsch to everyone who knew him who was set up in the first battalions make shift aid station and whose feet were gradually becoming more and more encumbered by wounded Rangers at 1115 Darby told kitsch to hold on and that the fourth battalion was making slow but steady progress 30 minutes later Darby re-edited his encouragement and even asked kitsch to put together a rescue party for third divisions reconnaissance company that reportedly had been captured in his vicinity maybe you can break up the thing and rescue them Darby said his suggestion is tone deaf as his original expectations. Operationally employed like infantry Darby's Rangers were now dying like them too. At the Calacarini House alone lay some 16 dead Rangers another 22 wounded and only five men still fighting barely three loaded weapons among them. That 1215 kitsch became so overwatt, overwrought and weeping that he could no longer make himself understood. Darby asked for another voice and kitsch quit the household together preferring to die outside in battle rather than trapped inside manning the radio. Grasping the receiver now was a hulking Ranger Master Sergeant Robert E. Holt from Brooklyn, New York one of Darby's originals. Some of the fellows are giving up Colonel said E. Holt his voice scratching out of the speaker box. We're awfully sorry they can't help it because we're running out of ammunition but I ain't surrendering and his farmhouse command post Darby became frantic. Don't let the boys give up he pleaded get the old men together and land for it. How many men are still with you? They're coming into the building now E. Holt replied gunfire snapping in the background we're out of ammo but they won't get us cheap so long Colonel maybe when it's all over I'll see you again. With a violent wham wham E. Holt's transmission cut out. Darby squeezed the handset and studied himself. Use your head and do what is best. You're there and I'm here unfortunately I can't help you. It's stung to say the words into the dead line his fourth battalion still a mile from Cisterna. But whatever happens God bless you God bless all of you. With the mention of God Darby's voice choked his eyes watered. E. Holt, I leave everything in your hands tell the men I am with them to the end. After a moment he set down the handset, bracing himself he wrapped his hands around a telephone receiver and called general trust Scott. It apparently was too much for them he said muffling his emotions replacing the receiver in its cradle. Darby asked his staff to leave the room. As enemy shells beat a steady tattoo around the house he crumpled into a chair, dropped his head into his arms and sobbed. Several minutes later Darby appeared outside his shoulders straight and his chin thrust forward defiantly. He was still in command but in command of what? No one quite knew. I hate hearing that. This whole episode is based off a couple of sources. One of them being shunned. Shunstrums report that he wrote. I want to say three days that after the battle after surviving this thing he was one of the few that escapes and on a series of and on the radio transcription that they were keeping. Darby's headquarters. You can actually see everything that was said on that radio and you can read it and it's horrible. You know going into it where is going to happen and where it doesn't make it easier though. So despite these legendary heroics like you said, I mean the heroics of the troops are just undeniable just after World War II all six army range of Italians or Dispanthe. You say here, superficially modeled on Churchill's butcher and bolt commandos, the US Army Rangers by the time of their disbandment, look nothing like them. This was in the end the predictable result of different parents preoccupied with the readiness of his frontline soldiers. George Marshall had created the Rangers not to perfect the art of Churchill's coastal raids, but to serve his infantry. First by gaining battlefield experience that could be transferred to the rest of his troops second by handing them off to infantry commanders who committed the Rangers to missions within possible odds and then either blame them for their failures or diminish their uniqueness by using them no differently than regular infantry. Though no one could have guessed the consequences it was a prioritization that produced a lasting gap in the US military's order of battle for a unit that specialized in rating. One that could best be filled by a branch of service, less preoccupied, less preoccupied with this infantry and there was only one branch that didn't have infantry. So there you are setting up that one branch that doesn't have any infantry. Yeah at the time, there's only three branches. The Air Force doesn't exist yet, it's the army Air Corps. So of all three the army navy and the Marine Corps, navy's it. And you can see where this is going before you even get out of World War II. You can see the cycle that's going to continue all the way until Vietnam commanders are going to identify a gap. They're going to create commandos to fill that gap. They're going to commit them to action often to disastrous results and then they're going to renegade on their idea. They're going to pull the rug out from under these guys and every gap, every time that happens, it's often going to leave. They're that units commando partners in the lurch and always that commando partner is the US navy. And the navy's just going to get more frustrated, more frustrated, and they're going to continue pushing their units, their special units into that gap. Yeah, the next part of the book is called the opportunity chapter four, subtitled Draper Kaufman and the course that cracked the Atlantic wall then laid the first bricks of the legend of Naval Special Warfare. Here we go. These are weird. It's all in thin, lanky, even with dark hair, a narrow face and a chin that stretched down like a tear drop Draper Lawrence Kaufman also possessed poor teeth and spectacles as thick as sunmarine glass. Given to bouts of indolence, he was absent-minded of failure in any subject that not captures interest and alarmingly progressive on the issue of race, at least so fought his mother a shrew on the topic. As a young man, Kaufman had wanted nothing more than to attend the Naval Academy and commanded destroyer as his father had. When poor eyesight threatened to torpedo his dream, he submitted himself to the doctor's orders, however, medieval, and for one hour a day held a palm over each open eye. This, when his appointing congressman suddenly died, leaving his academy application in limbo, he told no one of his planned escape from his Connecticut boarding school got a bunk at the Washington DC YMCA and then walked the halls of Congress, slipping past secretaries and performing a rehearse sob story until someone anyone gave him an appointment. Once finally accepted, he rode crew, acted in school dramas and in cool for shadowing spent 30 days on a prison ship for sneaking off campus. When he graduated in 1933, a year when Navy Pinchers stalked the ranks looking for any excess ballast to pitch over the side, he was given his diploma and a physical disqualification from the Navy a steep four-year price to pay for to achieve the rank of civilian. Thus portrayed as child who dreamed Kaufman packed his pride, shelved any ideas of glory and settled for an onshore operation's job in the shipping industry, his life suddenly devoted to endless manifests for onloading and offloading of cargo. So there's your introduction to Draper Kaufman. I mean, just so many characters and this guy's definitely one of them gets put on a six-month assignment to Europe, while he's doing that that shipping job. While he's in Germany, he witnesses ain't all Hitler giving speeches, he realizes that this guy's what he realizes what's coming. Yeah. So fast forward a little bit, he decides he wants to go and serve in the American volunteer ambulance corps. To be accepted in the American volunteer ambulance corps, us adjunct unit of the French Army, one was first required to submit a downpane of $3,500 to cover living expenses in the cost of one ambulance. In 1940, that was almost the price of a house. Even more than alarming volunteers were bound to follow orders of French military to a man with purpose in his boots and adventure in his guts, just the sort of Hemingway. Hemingway is the French cause had attracted in the last war, no price was too high. And you say, actually it was too high. That was a big borrow and steel to get this money. Imagine you have to come up with the price of a house to go and serve in a freaking ambulance corps where you're going to get bombed a bone up, working for the French. Yeah. I mean, we all know the, you know, Draper Kaufman's sort of biography. I mean, every not everybody, but we get, you know, if you go to Buds, you're going to get the the Buds history class or the the steel history class. At some point, somebody going to mention Draper Kaufman. There was no, there was no Buds history class, there was no steel history class when I went through Buds. Do you say it? I'm saying there wasn't. I mean, it was 1990. So yeah, I know. And that's just going to make me mad if we talk about it. Yeah. No, but if you come across any sort of, any history book that's been written, Draper Kaufman's a character. And they're going to hit, you know, like I said, they're going to hit the wave tops of his biography. You know, before he becomes, you know, the, the indispensable character in the, in the UDTs, central Pacific campaigns. What they're not going to do is they're not going to put that biography in context. And when you really dig into it, like, you know, yes, we know he was an ambulance driver on the Western Front in 1940. We don't know what sacrifice it actually cost him to put himself in that position. And the reality is so much more, like me, I mean, you're right. I mean, he, you know, he, you know, he, you know, cached in everything he had, you know, to go do something that he believed in. Like how many people do you know, I don't know anybody like that today that would, you know, take away your house. Yeah, like, and it was all because he was just trying to, um, trying to do what he thought was right. He was trying to, you know, surface country, even though his country wouldn't take him at the time because he couldn't see anything. It's just, you know, you know, every character in this book, they have, you know, everybody wants to do something in the book, and most of them don't get to do the thing that they want. But all of us, we don't know, you know, what legacy we're going to have. And we don't know, like, what thing that we don't want to do that we have to do is going to be the most important part of our lives. And that's what happens with rape or coffman. He doesn't want to do any of this. It doesn't want to be an ambulance driver. He doesn't want to be a bomb disposal guy in the blitz. He wants to be a naval officer. He wants to be on a destroyer. They won't let him. So he does all these other things to try and live up to what his dad has done. And he ends up being, you know, he becomes a legend because of it. So just to dive into a little bit of coffman, what he did on May 10, 1940, coffman arrived at his post six miles beyond the protection of the magna forts in the Saur River Valley in the northeast shoulder, France, where where the borders come to a point and jump like a salient into the ravenous mouth of Germany. The same day Hitler launched 100 divisions through the Rden's force. As he, as he had known it would, the Second World War, had begun. And again, for two unrelenting weeks, Draper drove to the front picked up survivors and returned the inside of his ambulance slippery with blood. The whole while he sustained himself on bits of food and the horror of French cigarettes. The only sleep to be had was taken in snatches never in a bed and never with his boots off. Responding to the deliberate fire of German magunners, Bosch Barbarians, he called them. He and his fellow ambulance drivers began draping dark blankets over the side of their vehicles to cover the giant red cross emblems. By the end of his third week in combat, two ambulances had been shot out from under him and he had lost 10 pounds. This is what he gave his house worth of money to go do. On the afternoon of September 7, 1940, a thousand German planes attack London's and surrounding areas killing 400 men, women and children and wounding 1200 more. The next day, 412 were killed, wounding nearly double that number. For 57 consecutive days, London was hit. Had he arrived any earlier, who knows what the Royal Navy's reaction would have been to his request as it happened as it always happened when opportunity meets courage. Draper arrived exactly the right moment. The day Draper caught him volunteered for the Royal Navy. He presented himself to the Admiralty at 9 o'clock in the morning. So he goes and volunteers to join the Navy. But because of his eyes, by five that afternoon young Draper Kaufman was a sub-lutent in his Majesty's Navy. The only one hitch, once again, he was barred from duty at sea. Several weeks into his new career, a German bomb landed just outside the hotel in which Kaufman was billeted. Had it detonated upon impact, Kaufman's story would have been buried with long with the hotel, another footnote in military history, nothing more. As it happened, the bomb hit did not, but did not detonate. It's only damage being a 30-foot tunnel gouged into the earth. Before long, an army bomb disposal team arrived, cordoned off the area and set to work. With hand tools alone, the squad painstakingly dug a path to the bomb and large the hole and short up the sides in case of collapse. The objective reached the bomb without disturbing it. Gently unscrew the fuse, winch the inert remains from the dirt and accompanied by police and accompanied by police or sirens. By police car sirens and loudspeakers, unexploded bomb coming through, transport the carcass to a nearby cemetery. This usually this method worked in case it did not. The entire bomb disposal team was killed. The next day, Kaufman volunteered for bomb disposal. For eight months from September 1940 to May 1941, Hitler waged a war on the British people. More than 40,000 civilians were killed, more than 100,000 were injured. The instrument of all this destruction was the bomb. Many of these weapons were defective or deranged as in they failed the detonate upon impact or were timed to detonate after a bomb disposal team had arrived. So that's what he ends up doing. He ends up doing this bomb disposal duty. After a while of doing that, he decides he's going to go back to the states once he's back into the states, Japanese attack. After two years of waiting, the United States was finally at war. In a few days, the message found Kaufman ordering him to get out to Pearl Harbor right now. Imagine that Japanese trickery extended beyond strategy and into engineering draper prepared for the worst. When shown the 500-pound bomb at Scofield Barracks, he sent everyone else to cover, then examined it, sketched it and telephones each nail biting step back to his controller. It had been dropped too low. He determined landing on its side instead of its nose. What he had visualized as an old-fashioned, oriental puzzle turned out to be the easiest job he'd ever had. I couldn't set that bomb off if I had a sledgehammer. He said later, to those who witnessed his the bespeckled master, push past the line of gawkers to single-handedly disarm the bomb, there were few actions as deserving of praise. A couple headlines. DC Man takes live, jab, balma park, gets navy cross, ran the headline in the Washington Post. All Florida will rejoice with re-radmult James L. Kaufman on being the father of Soworthy Assun. So there you go. That's where draper Kaufman comes from. Yeah, draper is, there's some folks in the that spent their lives looking at the history of naval special warfare. And they know more about this history than even I do. I mean, I specialized over the, you know, like I said, the period from World War II to the period of Vietnam. They have a even fuller account than I do. And one of the things that annoys them is that draper Kaufman has risen to this sort of, you know, like I said, legendary status. He's, you know, considered by many the, the father of America's Frogman. He's not. He doesn't, he doesn't create the UDT, he doesn't create the Frogman. He, he happens to be the pivotal person at multiple points in that history. But he's not the, he's not the godfather like everybody or not like many people have suggested that he is including his sister who wrote, you know, pretty decent biography of him. But like I said, he is, he is, he's a consequential person. What's also interesting about him is that he is, like everybody else in this book, is he is, he's making decisions or he, he's, he's deciding to do everything. He does, he's not a, he's not a victim of history. He's not writing a wave like, like a lot of people, you know, would suggest were all sort of doing. Like the, there's a, there's a, there's a metaphor that people use to describe the transformation of the seal teams. And that's the evolution. We've all seen that sort of painting at P's where you've got the, you know, the naked warrior crawling out of the surf and then you've got this sort of Vietnam guy sort of crouched and, you know, wearing his, a tiger strike fatigues, you know, all, and next to the, the seal and Iraq Rafghanistan wearing the body arm and everything. That they call that transformation, the evolution, sort of suggest though that this, that this transformation was one inevitable and that it didn't require the, the intent, the, all of these folks who have this consequential role in our history, had and they, they clearly had intent. I mean, when Draper's going through his history, or his biography, he's deciding that he's going to go serve in the French army. And when the, the Germans sent him home after he's released from the POW camp and they, you know, make him sign the stockament that he's going to go back to the states and he'll never take up arms against the German Empire again. He intentionally decides that he's not going to do that. He's going to go join the British Navy and he's going to continue, he continually does this and just like everybody in the book, they are, they're not victims. They're each of these characters. They all have agency and they all decide that they're going to do these things for whatever reason. Mostly it's the decision that they arrive at is to satisfy what they have decided is their version of relevance. There's a spot where you say basically, Draper Kaufman is not really the Godfather that people, some people give him credit for of the frogman, but such a consequential guy. He is a consequential guy and you're right. He's not the, he's not the, the father of America's frogman. Kelly Turner is a Kelly Turner creates the UDTs. Nobody would have done it in a pleasant for Kelly Turner. He wants the UDTs because the Marine Corps, every step they frustrate his plans to use reconnaissance troops. And Kelly Turner, he's, Kelly Turner wants to control everything in his orbit. And so he creates the UDTs to do just that. He's, the, the demolition is sort of secondary. He wants a reconnaissance force that he owns. And Draper just happens to be the vehicle for Kelly Turner's. You know, once we pick, we do pick up with with Draper Kaufman though. You say as such, who better start the Navy's underwater demolition course in the second world war than the man who'd seen the most of it. The man who'd seen the most of it, a sailor for whom no barrier ever held and who was about to squeeze his biography into a syllabus like none that had ever existed. To create the type of amphibious engineer that he envisioned, envisioned, Kaufman needed elbow room, like Pettacord before him, he found his elbows had ample space in four pierce Florida. To create such a unit, he would require students with, in his words, both temperamental stability and individual initiative. To that end, Kaufman insisted that candidates be subjected to very heavy physical training, very heavy, he emphasized again. As he knew from his own career, first in France, then in the blitz, this type of experience would show students that they could push beyond their physical limits, doing without sleep and food and warmth, and still function without their arms falling off. More important, training of such intensity, would create its in its students' sense of purpose and unity like nothing except actual war. Fast forward a little bit. Short on time, eager to screen out the obvious people that would not make it physically and long on his desire to simulate an experience that was as close to war as possible. Kaufman decided that all three problems could be solved by the same solution, one week of misery. Never reluctant to ask for help, he walked south along Tent Row until he came to the section reserved for the Scouts and Raiders. There still six months away from being transferred, Pettacord listened to Kaufman's proposal. He had never been asked to compress the Scouts and Raiders' eight week physical training, conditioning course into one block of uninterrupted training. Certainly men could be pushed indeed nearly broken, but what Kaufman had asked to do was another matter. In the end, Pettacord agreed, what else could he do? This was Kaufman, the C's parted at his arrival. What Pettacord did not know, no one did, was that he was about to help create the sacramental cup from which nearly all future naval commandos would drink. You were wet, chafed with sand, just completely miserable. Remember, Frank Kane years later, in the daytime men melted under the sun. At night, they shook so hard from the wet and cold that their hip flexors swelled and cramped. Their teeth chattered like jack hammers, shouldering boats, sloshing with water, they marched for miles and sand and dunes that collapse beneath every step. Soden fatigues adhered to the grit and sand, turning armpits, thighs, and scrotums into raw meat. If any instructor detected a student on the stealth and concealment problem, as he warmed his, his chafed and dripping body to the plantation house, the man was punished by being sent to sit inside where swarms of mosquitoes, feasted on his misery. In addition to simple surf drills, rubber boat training included hours of paddling while harassed by the nearby air squadrons F4 pilots who would try to nail the floating rafts with sacks of flower bombs. Jettie landings and night portages were attuned by based ambulances and performed over boulders as broad as dinner tables, the endless surf smashing the panels and men against the rocks. Intended to simulate the long drain of campaign march before battle, this seemingly endless harassment ultimately culminated in a day-long mock skirmish known as the extended order problem or to the students so-solid day. Beginning before dawn, students raced off the ramps of their landing craft just as the beach erupted in fundering sheets of flame. For a whole day instructors armed with charges on least a torn of exploding columns of water and showers of mud and debris. The students belly crawled on throbbing knees and elbows into hip-deep mud, swamps and surf as the explosions chased them from cover and foxholes. Until Kaufman's regime, no navy unit had been subjected to training course whose essence so closely resembled that of real war. The frantic harassment, the inescapable cold, the relentless exhaustion, not only did it prepare for what was to come, it set them apart from everyone else in the navy. Even in the early classes, as many as half the men who started did not complete the week. That was entirely the point, modeling his project on the culture of the core frunk, Kaufman had set out to forge both in a spree decor and the reputation that always accompanies it. Exclusivity. If you haven't been through it, he would later say, you're not a demolition year. In August 1943, Kaufman volunteered for his own program. At 32 years old, with eyesight not good enough to qualify for his own demolition standards, he was hardly an ideal candidate. I think I have never seen a man struggle so desperately, Warlock said after witnessing Kaufman's performance. The moment he finished his 10-mile beach run, he passed out. During the ocean swim, Warlock thought he would drown. We all knew he wasn't a great athlete said, Frank Kane, and we thought, hell, if he can make it, we can too. Throughout the training, Kaufman listed, but never sank, alternately encouraging and bullying his boat crew from start to finish. As one remembered with his bloody battle cry of core frunk, when men showed signs of cracking during another bone-trolling dip in the ocean, Kaufman turned it into a joke, annoyingly repeating the same mocking phrase. The water he boomed in his strong, mid-Atlantic accent is never cold. The Monday after Kaufman completed this week, he was ordered to report to captain at clearance, goldbrunson, the base commander of Fort Pierce, swole in from head to foot, with fingers like sausages ready to burst, he crawled out of bed and staggered into the commander's office. What's this I hear about 40% of your classes either being in the sick bay or quitting the captain bark? I don't think you have any idea what you're putting these men through draper. I do Kaufman responded, it was hell. When Kaufman's trainees completed hell week, the name, his week of misery inevitably took on, their demolitions training program progressed to its next phase, two weeks of explosives, two week of reconnaissance, and three weeks of practical exercises. So there you go, freaking hell week. Yeah, created by, I mean we look around them and how many team guys do you know that would fit his bill today? I mean we kind of think that we sort of created ourselves. I mean we have a lot of people that sort of came together to create this program and they're not, they don't look like us. I mean they were sailors, ship fleet sailors. I mean they put this thing together and somebody who's you know the most unlikely person, draper Kaufman is not what you would think of as a modern day sealer, modern day frogman. In fact you don't want to be, he just I mean he's he sort of continues to do the thing that he doesn't really want to do because that's the right thing that he you know it's the thing that's going to accomplish the mission that he's been given which is to demolish Hitler's Atlantic wall. He doesn't know how else to do it. So you know he squeezes every drop of his biography into this curriculum. Fast forward a little bit, actually fast forward a pretty good chunk going into D-Day. And again you're your detail and the the research that you did to get here is just it's unbelievable the read. With terrified soldiers frozen in place neither advancing or retreating, Freeman and Kaley, Kaley sprinted between post yelling of senators and kicking the infantry men away. Once clear Freeman gave the signal, tossed a purple smoke grenade and petty officer bass pulled the fuse fire in the hole at 655 only 22 minutes after landing the whole area exploded and a roar that drowned out the battles did. Shooting skyward a mixture of water, smoke, wood, sand and steel high into the air. The defenders response was vicious as soon as the smoke and debris settled the fire from the hills became unbearable. As mingled off the Georgian with a hole in his leg crawled hand over hand to the sea wall and safety around slam through his helmet into his forehead killing him instantly. With the obstacles blown in the beach cover gone petty officer bass a former CB from Durham North Carolina resisted the urge to run and instead found Seaman Farrell alone. Still writhing from the hole in his knee and with a fresh room wound to his right eye. Bass bent down to cradle the boy to cover him and as he did a bullet tore through his back and ring just to the right of his spine and blowing a hole out as right shoulder. Sergeant Murphy one of the army's naval augmenties found them both and dragged him to the sea wall. Wounded himself and with nearly everyone in his crew either shot or dead, Freeman was unstoppable blasting obstacles clearing out infantry men before his charges blue, helping his wounded to cover. Though they had been cut to shreds, gapless old team one had completed his mission. Their 50 yard gap was clear and that's just one little chunk of the detail that you give on all these heroic acts that are going on by fast forward by morning, by morning's ed with the help of Hall's destroyers that gapless old teams had partially cleared five of their 16 target sections along Omaha Beach by nightfall the total was 10. For the NCD use and accomplishment that came at a cost prematurely estimated two dozen dead at least that many wounded and 15 more missing. These lastity there been blown clear of their landing vessels and drowned or in the words of one writer had run off to fight with the army. In fact some had done just that or at least abandoned their section of beach. As a handful of planners that expected, the most difficult aspect of Rommel's Atlantic wall had been the beach and the underwater obstacles a problem that had been overcome only because of the Navy's commitment. First in identifying the issue, necks and commissioning, coughment assault that then in sharing those lessons with the army's combat engineers. Ultimately however the Navy's greatest contribution had come from the NCD use themselves. In addition to the presidential unit citation Admiral Hall had gone on to recognize the demolition years by recommending them a trunk full of individual awards individual awards including six Navy crosses, one of which went to chief pedi officer Bill Freeman. I kicked myself ever since that I didn't recommend him for a metal varnish hall said later. I never heard of anybody who did a greater job than that fellow did. Responsible for getting the army passed the underwater obstacles on Omaha Beach, the NCD use achievement was in the end made possible only by their training at Fort Pierce. There they had learned not only the technical skills of underwater demolition, the explosives, the pull fuses, the minimum safe distances, but also as Kaufman had insisted the ability to push past the limits of normal human endurance to withstand cold, hunger, raw skin, exhaustion even the chaos of combat, the kind of fortitude that made winning wars possible. Only our vigorous training held us together once survivors said afterward, but what about what about after that? With the collapse of the Atlantic wall, the mission of the NCD use had been accomplished and therefore no unit in the U.S. military was in greater threat of disbandement or at least would have been had not been for one final hang up. The Navy's planners were low to disband a unit that had just performed so effectively. After all, the war was far from over and there was no shortage of needs for sailors so conditioned to the combat that lay ahead. Boom. Yeah, it's, I mean, I don't know about you, but nobody ever connected a hell-week or the reason for hell-week to Omaha Beach, but I don't think that we would have that crucible today if it wasn't for that, it justified everything that Kaufman did. I mean, we later in the war, you see lots of people get pulled over to the U.D.T. whether they're C.B.'s or Marines or even soldiers in some instances. And those, you know, they don't necessarily go through hell-week. If it had not been for that experience, it's likely that we would not have this, that crucible. And without that crucible, what would the seal teams be? They'd be another command of force, but would they be everything that we are today? I mean, that's the defining moment of training. All right. I mean, yeah. Well, you called it the Sacramento Cup. Yeah. It is the Sacramento. I mean, we all have these, I mean, there's institutions all around us with institutions with the U.S. Constitution, or there, whatever, your Catholicism. I mean, that your faith has these little institutions built into it. And, you know, if you're going to take the canochism, there's all these sacraments that you've got to do. And what's more, what's a bigger sacrament, and, you know, the becoming of the seal, then, that hell-week? Yeah. Not one. You get into next, Tarawa. And what happens at Tarawa, which is a total nightmare. I don't know if you had the chance, we had a guy, Dean Ladd, that was on this podcast, and he was a Marine Corps. Wow. I think he was a, I think it was a first lieutenant by that time. That did a bunch of islands, including Tarawa. Got gut shot, Tarawa 800 yards from the beach. Two Marines, disobeyed orders to leave him and move forward and drag him back to a boat. He survived and ended up going back. But yeah, you detail what happened there, how bad it was. And basically, if you don't know anyone that doesn't know the Marine Corps hit reefs on the way in. And the boats got hung up, and so the guys had to get out and walk with no protection whatsoever through the ocean. 800, it was around 800 yards to get to the beach where there was, once they got to the beach, it was hell as well. So, and we've always known that Tarawa is the moment that, you know, the need for UDTs is identified. We don't exactly know the reason, though. I mean, because the Marine Corps, they come up with the solution or what they perceive to be the solution before the Tarawa battle even commences. And that, like I described, is the landing vehicle tractor, the LBT. It's a technical problem. They have a technical solution for it. The problem with that is Turner doesn't like their solution. Kelly Turner sees the cancer, or it sees the coral as a cancer. It's going to complicate everything as far as all the rest of the campaigns ahead of him. He doesn't want to deal with us. He wants that coral out so he can get his Higgins boats to the beach. And the only way to do that is to find him. Yeah, and what's interesting, too, is after Tarawa, the Marine Corps solution was, you know, like you said, it was just more. Yeah, more. Yeah, just okay. So, we're going to lose X percentage of boats on the way and cool. More. We're going to lose this many LTVs on the way and cool. More. Bring us more. That was their answer. And Turner was saying, hey, actually not a good answer. Well, let's figure out how to solve this problem. Yeah, Churchill's quote, you know, we've run out of money now. It's time to think. I mean, you could just say, you know, just as much when it comes to logistics. There, I mean, there's nothing that compares with the US military logistics and manufacturing might going into this. But we still have limits. You can't, these LVTs, they take up a ton of space on all the ships that the Navy's going to use to transport them. The Higgins boats, they're easier to carry, they're faster in the water. You can time everything from Naval Gunfare to aircraft coming into the support of the landings if you have a faster vehicle to get them from the ships to the shores. And that's what Turner wants. He wants to be able to get his ships as quickly to the beach as possible. It's the safest way. It's the easiest to get everything there. And the only way to do that is to find the coral to get rid of it. We start training now, but under Turner's direction, we start training. We're training Hawaii now. In May, a fresh batch of NCDU recruits arrived in Maui, per the direction of Colour and Kaufman, the men were told to abandon the bulk of their gear. Their green fatigues, their boots, their May-West life jackets, even their helmets and sidearms, and slip into a pair of black Maui swim trunks and dive masks. Their rough rubber edges sanded down to prevent them from biting into their face. What followed were nine seemingly endless days of training on how to systematically map an underwater landscape and blow it up. Rocks, coral, night swimming blast, no rest, no sleep, suicide stuff, one trainee remembered. For no fewer than six hours a day, recruits lived in the water, perfecting their strokes until they could swim a mile before breakfast. Their only day off was Monday, when possible. Seeing that this was the first time many of them in handled explosive fused or tied, primer cord into a trunk line, accidents were routine. Fingers blown clear off or hanging by bloody shreds of skin. Asked how long he could swim underwater with a hundred pounds of powder, recruit, canoric, replied, with a hundred pounds of powder, I could probably stay under forever. So this is, I highlighted that port because this is a point now where we're starting to see the idea of the naked warrior, they're getting rid of all their dear, they're just wearing trunks. Sipan is where we get this recon, like a legit recon going on. The closer his swimmer's got to the beach, the more nervous Kaufman became. At a hundred yards, he tried to turn them around, but most of them kept going at 50 yards, some began to pivot back, but some didn't. Closing to within 30 yards of the shore and 40 yards of the guns, so close that they ceased swimming and dug their toes of their sneakers into the sand, pulling themselves along with their gloves hands. When that last line finally did run out of water, each man backed off slightly turned left, then side stroked along the beach for 25 yards, edging his mask out of the water with every breath, breath careful to remember the locations of any gun positions under circumstances, not an easy thing to forget. On the swim back, each man ignored his exhaustion and worsening leg cramps and stayed as close as possible to the bottom. When they near the reef Kaufman reborn, it is mattress and offered a nearby swimmer a toe, get that damn thing out of here. This is, you go over this earlier, all the little rafts that they have were getting shot up. On the other side of the now surf slammed reef, each swimmer waited for pickup. When the landing craft arrived, the coxants took turns motoring each man and either drop. Drop them a Jacobs ladder or reverse the engines until he could grab hold and pull himself up. Throughout this cumbersome boarding a period packed with versiferous cursing, his head one survivor every man aboard fully expected a mortar round to drop square into the boat. As soon as the last man was loaded, Kaufman tallied his numbers and realized that in addition to the officer killed on the air mattress, two of his swimmers were still missing. Pulled in separate directions by his instinct to rescue it and his orders to rush back to the fleet, Kaufman looked around at his blue tinge to black stripe men and chose the more painful option with the fleet waiting for his information. Kaufman ordered his boats back to the APDs. When the men of UDT7 arrived back at the Humphries, they discovered something remarkable. Though several men had been wounded, some with serious internal injuries from the mortar blasts, not a single one of their swimmers had been lost. In fact, the only men that had been killed had been the ones who had remained on the LCPRs as they had waited for swimmers to return. Kaufman's UDT5 swimmers had been slightly left less fortunate with one killed several more wounded and two still missing, but it was nothing compared to the bloodbath that occurred just one week before it normally. So this is another methodology of execute these things. And it's sort of a metaphor for what actually happened, the entire history. So the Navy intentionally creates all of these units. They create NCDUs, they create UDT, they create the scouts and raiders. All of these units are created for a specific purpose, they're committed to action for a specific reason. But once the Navy creates these things, the Navy can't necessarily predict how far the individuals that are the belong to these institutions are going to push them. They're going to push those envelopes. So Kaufman, when he's driving his men toward the beach or he's pushing his men to swim, he also is trying to stop them. He's trying to stop them 50 yards from a shore they won't they keep going 25 yards. So the seal teams are created by the Navy, they're created by the Navy for the Navy. But you can sort of see it just in that moment. The seal teams become so much more because of the seals themselves. So the seals don't create it. We don't. We're not responsible for our own institutions. We think we are, but we're not. But we are responsible for what that institutional ultimately became. Yeah, you know, there's an interesting time that you make in the book. And I don't remember, it's in my nose to Carl Rho's. I'll just mention it now. The Navy, the Navy, just by nature of being disaggregated and being spread apart, especially back in the day, there was decentralized command unlike really unlike any other organization. Absolutely. And that that spirit of decentralized command of like, hey, you go and you take the fight to the enemy. You get in this ship or you get in this submarine, you go overseas and you take the fight to the enemy. That's you have mission type orders. Right. And that's that's the way the Navy had had to exist back in the day and that vein and that DNA remains. And that's why you get these guys that are very proactive and will will be default aggressive out there on the battlefield. That's exactly right. Default aggressive. Latitude only works if your default orientation or default setting is aggression. And if you read any like naval history book during like the Napoleonic Wars or if you read the Patrick O'Brien Master in Commander series, like you're never, you know, connect to your channel command. Whereas the army always is. So that, you know, as technology has improved or as technology's gotten better to connect commanders to their troops in the field, that chain of command has only thickened. Whereas in the Navy, I mean, we have all of the history behind us or the Navy has all of the history behind it of latitude, of mission type orders, of relying on the aggressiveness of the individual commander. You just have to trust your guys. But you have to be specific about what you want. Oh, for sure. So otherwise you get rogue. Exactly. You do talk about what the UDT's brought back from that. And what they brought back was good information. Good intel that they could then form into a make a better battle plan. The invasion of sidepan goes smoother. Fast forward a little bit by the fall of 1944. The Navy's underwater demolition teams were the most indispensable of all US military's special operations units. A facet directly attributed to the Central Pacific planners who would no longer go anywhere without their reconnaissance reports. The UDT's were an essential part of amphibious organization for the remainder of the war wrote Turner on the last day of combat on Tinian. It is questionable if we could have made our landing except after the great losses, except after great losses if we had not had these teams to prepare the way. This assessment was immediately echoed by Admiral Connelly who concluded his invasion in Guam by declaring that without UDT's discovery and demolition of some 640 obstacles along 3,000 yards of beaches, including the nearly car-sized coconut log cribs filled with loose coral. The landings quote, would could not have been made. There in spite of orders for bidding them to do so, three demolition swimmers, including Gunners' first mate. Gunners first mate, Gunners' mate first class, Henry L. Green had grown so convinced of the UDT's worth that they had planted a white butcher block-sized sign at the water's edge with the following message, US Marine, welcome to the USO, greetings from UDT4. During this, Admiral Connelly had summoned the team's commander to a state room in order to hand him a starch counseling. But instead, had neutralized his own admonitions by stopping the young officer at the door declaring, wait till I tell Turner, he'll have those Marine generals eating crow. It's so childish. It's so childish, but that's what it is. How many times have you in your service interacted with a sister service? The rivalry exists. It's a brotherhood on the battlefield, but still we're always chasing our institutional prologue, or trying to push the boundaries of our institutional authority. What's interesting is when you get into the senior ranks, there becomes a real tension between the services and the amount of money that they get. It becomes a real thing. You say here to recognize their contribution, we're taking of the Mariana's Turner showered the UDTs with awards, more than 60 silver stars, 300 bronze stars, reported the largest mass recommendation for sailors and Marines in the war up to that point. Given the importance of the job, Connley would have pinned Navy crosses on the commanding officers of UDT-3 and 4, but ended in the end, settle for silver stars, each of them presented by none other than Admiral Kaufman, Draper's father. As for Draper himself, rumors circulated about his nomination for the Medal of Honor, an accolade his father, chairman of the awards board in the Pacific, lobbied against for fear of the medals association with recklessness. In the end, Draper received a Navy cross, his second pinned on by his father with a comment that allowed the photographer to catch the serious young man in a laugh. Thank the Lord, you found a clean short. Yeah, that's a relationship I could have spent a lot more time on. I mean, he's, you know, Draper's dad is out there, you know, in the fleet. He's a Commodore himself and, you know, he knows exactly the risks that his son is taking and he does nothing. During the entire war, to either convince Turner, you know, to have the UDT take last risk. He just, he's as, you know, I don't know as a father and I know your father too. Like, I don't know that I'd be able to to keep myself disciplined enough to not interfere. Get him orders to the Washington DC admin spot. Yeah, I just don't know how. Whatever that impulse, you know, with those guys had, I don't know that it's, it exists today. But either that you make a freaking boat crew leader in UDT for just break it ready to get some. This is just, you jump into this next part chapter six, the contest for the guerilla war in China and the organization that had no damn business fighting in it. The US Navy's Army of sailors. This is just freaking buckwild. This whole section. I mean, you get this guy born Milton, he Roberts in 1900 in Jerome Arizona, Miles spent his first years in a mountainside mining hub called by the New York sun in 1903, the wickedest town in the West. He was only a child. He was the only child of a lumber cutter was nearly 30 years older than his mother. Before Miles was even eight as father was dead, which was something of a blessing as it had given his mother an opportunity to move and remarry then in Seattle, a stepfather. Miles had received, from his stepfather, Miles had received the last name he would live with, but not much else at 14 miles ran away from home. You just set up this background with this guy. He glistened the Navy. He ends up taking some tests to get into the in Ireland to get into the Naval Academy. He gets in, goes to the Naval Academy. He gets to play to China for a five-year tour. Ends up, you know, doing operations in the Yangzi River. This is the warlord period. He learns about leadership diplomacy, geography, small boat handling, how to shoot his way out of a hold-up. Unlike most Westerners, picks up various coastal dialects. So this dude's speaking freaking Chinese or Mandarin or whatever. He's brilliant. I mean, there's nobody. I mean, like I said, I mean, we got our history, not just from, you know, frog men. We got it from, you know, just fleet sailors. And this is, I mean, military movie sand pebbles. Yeah. This is sand pebbles. Yeah, this is sand. So sand bubbles go watch it if you haven't seen it. I know you haven't seen it. I call it Charles because it's a classic. It's an actual good movie. There's no, there's not many like CGI explosions in it. But yeah, this is sand pebbles all day. We had the movie sand pebbles on one of my arc deployments is back before internet or anything. So we just had video tapes. We would watch sand pebbles over and over again. And that's what this guy is doing. He's, so he ends up running these freaking guerrillas in China, which is nuts. He's, I mean, nobody knows about him today. Like he's completely forgotten to history. But I mean, he's every bit is consequential, at least as far as the Navy's journey from, you know, the ocean to the land, as, you know, say somebody like Lawrence of Arabia. He doesn't have the style of somebody like that, which is probably, you know, part of the reason that he's forgotten. And, you know, his book a different kind of war is, you know, it's not, you know, some pillars was. But, you know, he wrote that thing when he had been diagnosed with, with prostate cancer. So he was racing against the clock to, to try and get this recorded. And he was, you know, he knew he only had maybe a year to live. And he's, you know, drafting this thing. He's typing up little sections of it. His wife is, is, is cutting these sections out to reorder them and he's pushing, she's putting these things together with Scotch tape. I actually found that record in the, the national archives. It still exists. So he talks about, his wife wrote the forward to the book to say, you know, how this was done, how it was cut, retaped together and everything like that. And then to see that, to find that in the national archives, the whole, you know, these retaped together pages, it's pretty incredible. But, you know, like I said, this guy, he is the Navy's version of Lawrence, I'm a Arabia. He's the, it's freaking crazy. Yeah, insane. And he's a flag officer. Yeah. And he's involving himself the entire war in these little mini skirmishes and ambushes. I mean, he's, I mean, he's almost killed three times just by assassins. Yeah, it's nuts. It's a freaking crazy story. And he loses mind in the process. Yeah. Yeah. All, you say there's along with his promotion, Admiral King elevated, it's, uh, Saco, which is the Cino American Cooperation Organization. This is this group that they got running all over China to Naval Group China and act that likewise elevated each camp to a formal, and they got all these camps. They got all these camps that have been running this network of camps. Uh, uh, an act that likewise elevated each camp to a formal naval unit and invested miles with the authority of a group commander, increasing his roles to 600 officers and 2, 2, 2,400 enlisted men about 300 more than a lot of to a World War 2 battleship and a commitment by the Navy that was further augmented by various numbers of Marines, Coast Guard's men radio operators. To supply all these men, miles receive two planes. Their engines rarely idle to which ferry loads from Chongqing to the various camps. The gas alone for these planes gobbled up as much as half of miles monthly tonnage allotmen over the hump, but for the first time in the war, Sacco camps began receiving at least a portion of what they deserved. So this guy is running a freaking crazy guerrilla war. He's running an army. He's a, he's a naval commander who's running an army like, uh, like we talked about earlier. He's running, he has no communication with these units for the most part. So he's, he's, he's getting these commanders mostly Marines, uh, that are, that are coming to him. He's giving them a spine of sailors to go work with and then this Marine commander and these navy sailors are trucking sometimes three months at a time to get to their station in China. They set up a camp, they start training Chinese guerrillas and then they commit them to action. Um, and because he has no communication with them, he has to rely on the aggressiveness of each of these leaders. In some cases, it works out. Some cases, it doesn't. So really, all he's doing at this point is just managing his talent pool and assessing whether or not they're sending back, you know, aggressive enough reports about the operations that they're undertaking. Uh, anyway. Yeah, you, you cover it. I mean, it's just, it's an incredible story again. Then probably some books and it's over 10 books. Like, and the thing that like was, uh, I was blown away with, and I focused my, uh, attention of this chapter on Camp Six because Camp Six is really the only unit, uh, in Soko that is run by, uh, a member of naval special warfare. Every, every other camp, uh, except in rare instances is run by a Marine. So the, the legacy of those camps is, you know, uh, you know, understandably, you know, a feather in the Marine course cap. They should be, uh, nothing but, you know, impressed with the legacy of the, the the Marine Corps led units. But, uh, Admiral King towards the, uh, towards the tail end of this period, you know, they're running out of Marines descent. And not only that, but the Scouts and Raider program is going away. And, well, King doesn't want to go away. He wants to send, uh, you know, sort of quasi-marine sailors to backfill, uh, the Marine commitment to Soko. So he repurposes, uh, the Scouts and Raider school turns it into the amphibious Raider school and is trying to get as many, uh, marine type sailors into Soko as possible, uh, to justify this course. So we don't have to get rid of this course after, uh, the end of World War II. Uh, and Camp Six, uh, becomes sort of the repository of all of that experience. Buck Houtburn, who you mentioned at the beginning of the book, the, uh, the Jewish, uh, Notre Dame quarterback. He gets sent there, uh, Buck, uh, a, a Phil Bucklou, uh, comes, comes West and starts, uh, leading reconnaissance, uh, and rating operations. Uh, uh, but yeah, Camp Six is the, um, Camp Six is the first, uh, instance of naval special warfare really going ashore. And they do everything. They do raids, they do ship attacks, uh, by the end of the war. Helpern is literally leading from the saddle, uh, on a horse, uh, and pushing his gorillas into action. That's incredible. Yeah. It's, it's freaking, it's just a great story. And again, it, it, it, you know, um, I've often said that, you know, when I got the teams, I don't know, when you got this still, so it was, there was no doctrine when you got the teams. There was no doctrine when I got the teams. You couldn't, if you wanted to know how to do, uh, uh, an assault on a target, you, you couldn't look it up. Someone had to tell you, your platoon chief, or your LPO was going to teach you how to do it. It wasn't written down anywhere. Whereas the army and the Marine Corps, but you can look at exactly how to do a target assault. It tells you step by step what to do. So we don't have any doctrine. We have more now, but that's one of, uh, one of our biggest weaknesses is that we don't have any doctrine. One of our biggest strengths is that we don't have any doctrine. And, and that's why you get a freaking guy that's like, oh, what are we going to do? We're going to, we're going to, of course, back raids. That's what's happening. Cool. Let's figure out how to do it. And, and again, that decentralized command, the default aggressive attitude, that's, that's in, that's got to be in, that's the DNA of the seal teams. And it's rooted back to Camp 6. Camp 6. I don't like it. Fast forward. The end of the war should have been the happiest day of my life, wrote Miles afterward, tasked with an impossible mission, yoke to impossible partners. He had never the less achieved something greater than ever been asked of him. A navy run gorilla army and intelligence infrastructure that had stretched from Indochina to the Goby desert. Assisted by Marines, his sailors had trained as many as a hundred thousand Chinese gorillas. Rest you'd airmen and mission missionaries, blasted open Japanese tanks, blown up some 158 bridges, derailed some 66 Japanese trains, sunk 35 Japanese ships, raided uncountable Japanese camps, and led at least one cavalry charge on camels. Best estimates at the time placed a number of sacco and flickeded casualties at around 26,717 killed, 8,720 wounded, 646 captured. Of the roughly 2500 Americans who served in psycho, five were killed. That's amazing. That's amazing. And this doesn't even can consider the strategic impact of psycho because they're tying down a million Japanese troops. The entire time. Yeah. Troops that could be fighting on all those islands. Right. For sure. For sure. But they can't. A million. I mean, there's, you know, when you think of there's 30 or 40,000 Japanese on these islands, when most of these islands somewhere around that number, you know, if you have an extra million soldiers to throw into that mix, as was true of every successful general in history, Miles success had come at the price of his sleep, his health, his family's happiness, and even his sanity. For his sacrifices, he had been keep not with praise and press releases, but with troubles bureaucracy and overwaining scrutiny. In the end, psycho, along with the Navy's guerrilla warfare effort, received a reward as glamorous as an obituary. As Miles bitterly concluded, the month that followed the surrender of Japan was the worst through which I lived. After hosting a dinner for many of his psycho officers, this is after the war. Miles began rambling, seemingly endless lecture on what the atomic bomb would mean for the US Navy's future, as men awkwardly drifted out of the room. Miles continued on aware when every man had left, and when the lights had been turned off, after the camp, Dr. Confind him to a state room, Miles jumped from the window and took off sprinting through a rice patty, chased by a group of American advisors and Chinese guerrillas. He escaped, passed them all, and stole a Jeep. As he rattled past his pursuers, he was heard muttering over and over. I must get to the drill field. Blocked the road, God damn it, that's an order. He shouted, shouted at the camps, Dr. to the driver of a six by six truck. When the Jeep reached the road, block Miles jumped out and ordered the truck driver to move. The doctor counterman at the order and told Miles to return to his quarters where upon Miles accused everyone of lying to him. You're on the sick list. The doctor finally managed. What are you saying, Dr. I'm all right. I don't think you are Admiral. The doctor replied nervously and have to officially inform you that you are on the sick list and have been relieved of your command. As the words drilled into Miles' delusion, the doctor could feel him shaking like a leaf. Finally, Miles relented I.I. Dr. He out back into the Jeep or turn to his quarters. Next morning, his place under house arrest and his razor compensated in Washington, Metzall, Metzall, Misses Billy Miles, and informed her that her husband had a complete mental breakdown and that they could only hope he had not suffered permanent brain damage. The broken, I mean, he literally left everything in China. When he comes back, it takes months and months before he regains the sanity. But this whole theater of warfare was, I mean, mad. And it's just dealing with the Chinese on a daily basis. There are so many other people who tried Joe Stilwell tries to deal with China. I mean, he's frustrated. His entire war. He leaves not in disgrace but at least in massive frustration. Weedermire has the same headaches with the Chinese. But what still well and we tomorrow don't have to deal with is an oppressive army scrutiny. And when the army gets there, they see China as clearly their area of operations. And it is. I mean, they can't argue with it. I mean, it's a land. I mean, just like if the army decided that they were going to seize control of the South China Sea, then maybe we would certainly have something to say about it. Well, when they get there, the navy has this infrastructure in place and they don't know what to do with it. So they try to progressively take control of miles' organization. And in the end, miles loses out. The army takes control of it. And the only thing that stops them from really seizing control is all of the trouble that miles have had, which is geography. They can't see control of this thing. Miles maintains his command over his organization for the remainder of the war. So the problem is the solution. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. I got to mention this section here. At the time of the Japanese surrender, Rudy Bosch, a 17 year old volunteer with the amphibious Rogers, looked up from the middle of the training exercise in the Swamp's near Lake Oki Chobi to hear the class instructor. Now, stop what you're doing. The war is over. Told the return to Fort Pierce, Bosch and his classmates were then given a single final order tear it down. What followed was the sacking of three years' worth of construction. Mess halls, classrooms, offices, ranges, towers before a back drop of flaming white tents, tents that at once proudly lined the roads, sheltering the nearly every that nearly every special group in the US military from the Rangers to the UDTs, the Rogers, who had not gotten a crack at China, took out their frustrations by demolishing everything with their bare hands. By the end of the week, the only thing that suggested the past experience of a naval base was the pool, last to go with the men themselves. That's it. War is over. And with the the Rogers too. Yeah, we didn't even talk. What? Give us a quick brief on the Rogers. Well, the Rogers are the sort of the natural culmination of the Scouts and Rator program. So the Scouts and Rators, the names sort of doesn't make sense. I mean, the Scouts and Rators seem like they would be a reconnaissance troops and commandos. They really weren't. Scouts and Rators are a joint unit created at the very beginning of the war. It's an Army Navy unit. The idea is we need Army, Scout, Boat, Officers to take Army Beach marking troops ashore. So the Army can signal the landing fleet signal the landing craft so troops can get into the right beaches. This is what they do in North Africa. The problem is after North Africa, the Army start to lose interest in this. And there's they they stop creating their portion of the Scouts and Rators because they have they have enough beach marking troops for the remainder of the war. So they basically leave the the entire schoolhouse and the hands of the Navy, which you know now the Navy has all this curriculum and they have no prohibition on what the Navy's portion of the Scouts and Rator program can do. So naturally the Navy starts you know taking not just the the transportation side of the mission but they take the the entire beach marking side of the mission. So they have troops that are quasi you know commandos that are trained to do beach marking but you know at this point the war in 1945 when Soko has been created they realize that they can use these troops not just for beach marking anymore but for straight up command operations they have the Army's curriculum they have all the experience of working with army commandos so they train their sailors and everything of the army commandos have been trained with and the plan is to send these units to China and that's the amphibious Rogers. So the Scouts and Rators naturally I have a picture I think in the book of there's a sign you know says Scouts and Rators and then underneath that the amphibious Rodgers within months there's no more Scouts and Rators sign it's the amphibious Rogers. But not not the best name yeah for a commando unit but the idea was that you know these were the Navy's pirates you know the Rodgers or the Jolly Rodgers these guys are supposed to be the swaggering you know bushwackers the the Pacific. Chapter seven the US Navy's post war plight and the sailor Rators who led her back to significance in Korea again there's just so much detail that you put into this it's absolutely fascinating to read. He ended up highlighting now we're in a fast forward to where in Korea target baker. This time the Scouts were accompanied by a boatload of Marines who upon landing established a hasty perimeter then flashed seaword the signal for all clear when the remaining boats hit the shore the marine secured a beach head then scouted inland for the tunnel entrance as they did two trains appeared and did the job for them revealing the location of the two rail tunnels to the southernmost the Scouts put to flight one century armed with nothing but a wooden rifle and a bayonet. After securing the southern tunnel the UDT swimmers slagged some 2,000 pounds of explosives 300 yards past the beach where they stacked pack after pack into the tunnel's mouth and under a bridge. A 0 305 the UDT swimmers pulled their fuses initiating a hasty six minute retreat to the beach and the boats followed by a concert of Ours through the surf at 330 noted the task force diary charges exploded 20 minutes later the men of sag climbed back into the bat into the bass which was the ship and into history as the Navy's first successful Raiders of the modern area era for joy and for many of the Navy planners it was just a start. Yeah that was a tough chapter sorry that was a tough chapter to sort of figure out what we're the center of gravity of this thing is like what because the I mean just the the number of Raider organizations that the Navy sponsors during this period they sponsor the Marine Corps UDT group which is the special operations group at the time the sag they sponsor UDT led British commandos they sponsor army Raiders they I mean everybody is trying to figure out how to you know do sort of what the Koreans were doing to the US military at that point which is bottled up in the Poo-Song perimeter it's like you know we've been watching a Poo-Song perimeter moment in Afghanistan there lack of leadership lack of planning lack of resourcing you know forces army are the US forces back into this the small pocket and they're doing everything they can to sort of not necessarily break out of it but at least you know not do nothing and the not doing nothing is trying to cut the North Koreans supply lines and and the one advantage that they have when the with the Korean Peninsula is all of these arteries all these roads because of the the spine of the the North Korean Geography is they push everything to the to the edges of the peninsula so this is the first time the Navy really sees you know this huge opportunity to start you know sponsoring raids ashore that's the first time that the UDT which is the only special operations unit that survives disbandment in World War II that's the that's the moment that they cease to be just beach marking or just reconnaissance troops and demolition troops and they start going ashore but they you know like every other instance they are going ashore not alone they're going ashore with the Marines with British commandos C.I. operatives partisans and they're slowly learning this trade. You go into a chapter eight here tells another story of the Rangers and the army resurrection of the army Rangers and the guerilla raid that failed to first all their second death just just another one of these you got a guy named John Hugh McGee these characters all of them they're freaking epic I mean what this guy did is just incredible his career you look at these guys career and some and I mean at least in John McGee's case I mean he he's a totally I mean he maybe has the worst world war to experience of anybody let me just jump into that real quick um a year later McGee was at the epicenter of history hopefully c Commanding Moro troops and the Philippines against Japanese bombers in the snake choked malaria hills around Del Monte field Del Monte Airfield at kilometer 117 of the Sair Highway becoming the only American of the 11 who fought to there to survive the war after six months of resistance on May 10th 1942 McGee swallid is pride obeyed his superior and with a humiliating blindfolded salute surrendered himself and as American and Filipino troops to an imperial Japanese officer wearing a kimono many of the Filipinos were tied to stakes shot and buried in pits the Japanese soldiers never bothering to confirm they were dead at 33 McGee's dark brown hair had already faded into an iron gray for the next 25 months McGee survived beatings trench foot dysentery malaria mosquitoes cages and slavery for nourishment he and his fellow prisoners were fed a meager died of rice and a few vegetables that occasionally included yams dog meat wafer thing candy bars and cigarettes the last two purchase with a monthly allotment of 40 pesos that the Japanese could turn into a lever to pry prisoners submission so sensitive to the men become to their hunger that when fearful of transfer they gorge themselves on every scrap they had hidden one man even devouring a litter of puppies born the same day along with his Catholic faith to which he cleaved McGee sustained his mind on a series of escape plans into the Philippine jungle even making use of a urinary track infection that kept him up at night to memorize the guide posts of the constellations to each plan was attached in obvious colorec colore obvious to him anyways once escaped he would raise and lead an army of Filipino gorillas against the Japanese for two years he plotted mentally choosing men for work details not for strength but for the knowledge and gunnerian logistics men around whom he could build the gorilla army in his mind on the night of June 12 two years one month and two days after his capture he finally got his chance while anchored off the east coast of Zambuanga peninsula on a prison transfer ship McGee pommed off his rose rebeats to a friend dropped every stitch of his ragged clothing to the deck then tiptoed over his sleeping comrades placed a naked foot on top of the railing and dove into the racing current through an initial volley of the through an initial volley of bullets and passed two other prison ships McGee drifted from miles until rescued by a native by a native in an outrigger who paddled him to land gave Matisha which McGee turned into a loincloth a sure two native boys eventually found fed and clothed and tied to undersigned sneakers to the bottom of his feet like heelless slippers then pushed and pulled his amaciated frame over jungle trails lit by nothing more than a torch as bright as a cigar tip and you go on from there but just you have to kind of realize what's happening. Where this guy came from and what he wants. Yeah he spends the entire war you know essentially just neutralized. Yeah well it's so he's in prison camp for two years when he finally escapes he wants to go run a run up freaking an army a gorilla army well there's other people that already been running a gorilla army and they and now they outrank him they have the experience it's so he kind of gets sideline all time is wars just a series of disciplines. Yeah so he and and when he gets back home you know to finally meets the daughter that his wife meets he meets his daughter he was never met before and his reaction is immediately to volunteer for service back in the in the Pacific theater and the day he gets back the day he takes command of his troops they drop the drop the bomb and the entire time I mean that he's been you know neutralizes entire time facing the series of disbandments his little brother has been one of Marl's Marl's Marauders most effective of Italian commanders which is a really frustrating thing. So the psychology behind that. Yeah so when he finally gets to Korea and you know he has this new opportunity to prove himself all he wants to do is create the you know the the army that he had built in his mind and he gets there and or anyway you have the there's a there's a there's a it's so they go they end up he ends up putting together kind of a group mages Rangers is that correct accurate sameman. I mean he he's the he's the indispensable person when it comes to army special operations in Korea everything sort of flows out of him. He has all these ideas at the beginning of the war and he puts them all in writing and so everything from the army Rangers are reconstituted based off of his recommendations. The partisan command is created based off of his recommendations and he wants to sort of combine these these units together. He's got this idea it's sort of unformed it's not it's not exactly what you know it's not a mature idea. It's the beginning of the war it becomes you know you you see when you when you look through the structure of the institution that he had sort of created you see like like a siege a soda of like the comes tone in certain areas there like you can see and and every time that he constitutes this thing he the navy is a critical part of his ideas you can't do any of the types of things that he wants to do unless you have significant navy support navy transports anyway so the problem is you know the the army has moved be at move past all of his ideas they you know they they entertain him they entertain these ideas for a period and as you see throughout his service the army plucks these things off the table one at a time leaving him to go back to you know the states not in disgrace but not not to fulfill the thing that he wants he got these he's got these Ranger groups together again and here's a here's a section where the Rangers are his some of his mages Rangers are going out they're on an operation I'm going to jump into the middle of this operation after a moment of intense argument Watson ordered back one of the Koreans they had left the radio Watson ordered back one of the Koreans Koreans to get the radio who not surprisingly refused until Watson threatened to beat the man himself scrambling to the clearing the Korean soldiers seize the radio by the back strap then dragged it behind him bouncing rolling smashing over rocks and leaving the trail of broken knobs handles and antenna bastards got his brains in his ass see the Watson as he watched when the runner reached the trees and present the radio everyone could see that it was destroyed with their only hope for survival buoyed upon the ability to communicate their position to the Navy's fighters and helicopters the radio's destruction meant Virginia that's the name of the team Virginia's was not far behind had Watson wanted to repay this cruelty and kind his rage was instantly short circuited by the shredding sound of a machine gun fire and the terror of communist soldiers lunging across the body strewn clearing without a word as Thornton recalled the Virginia survivors plunged into the trees and creed down the hill in a wild melee stumbling rising running and falling again hoping with every bruise to break through to the valley floor before the enemy since the news around their necks after running for what seemed like a half a mile the men collapse into the relative protection and shadow of a ravine as their lungs pump pump to miniature fog banks into the cold air their ears caught the growing but unmistakable home of hum and chop of two helicopters echoing through the valley when the first helicopter made it back to the clearing its pilot aged into a hover kicked out a bundle of supplies then leaned out as window coming face to face with a volley of muzzle flashes banking hard the pilot escaped and ambush the ambush only barely with the clearing obviously overrun both pilots roared their helicopters into an anxious racetrack search around the mountains flying so low that Thornton could easily make out each pilot's face without a radio even without even marking panels the Virginia survivors waved frantic arms but betrayed not a sound since any noise would only alert their hunters not the engine def in the pilots for 30 or so minutes the pilot searched then ascended and retrace their path through the ocean Virginia was alone except for the blowing wind and the rustle of the leafless trees remembered forten there was silence lonely empty silence they they go on the run you you highlight you you go through some of that and then finally fast forward a little bit on April 10th 10 hallucinatory days since the mountain top battle and just two to three miles from U.N. lines the last remaining members of Virginia mission were cornered in a cave captured and ransacked then beaten and bound with wire so tightly that Watson's arms soon swelled to twice their normal size for the second time in his life this veteran of the Darby's Rangers was a prisoner of war as fate would have it captured while escaping from a disaster as consequential for the Rangers as Sisturnah had been and this guy Watson you you you you introduce him later and you have to get the book to see what this guy's about but let me give you a little something so this guy gets captured in the 29 months since his capture, Corporal Martin R. Watson a soldier no guard or prisoner believed was actually a corporal had set an example for captivity that to this day was has never been exceeded 30 days after he was captured for 18 of which he had been starved in a cave to make his 240 pound size somewhat easier to handle Watson and a South Korean comrade had knocked out a guard with a rock and made for the surrounding mountains where they had survived for five days until their pursuers had disabled them by rolling or grenade into their hideout. Never medically treated except with some shreds of brown paper to cover his wound wounds Watson had nevertheless escaped again this time by wriggling out of his rope restraints and jumping free of a moving truck as it slowed around a bend. This time he survived a week before inadvertently walking right past a wide-eyed North Korean patrol. For these attempts and one other plus an attempt that suicide with a piece of broken glass he had been relentlessly beaten with rifle butts and boot heels and periodically starved and always almost always isolated once in an unsheltered hole for 72 days with rations described by the record as sparse. Rightly suspected as an OSS spy and sabotour, Watson had also been subjected to almost daily interrogation by North Koreans, Chinese, and even Russians who had drilled him on his exposure to the Gestapo in World War II but especially on the organization's methods and tactics of the peritube unit to which they knew he belonged. Watson's response to these and other questions had been a mixture of stony silence or intentional contradiction responses that had invariably earned him a switch across the eyes, a pistol barrel across the face or hours of kneeling with his nose pressed against a wall and then a stone on his head. Throughout these deprivations Watson had never lost his bearing or conviction, one standing during a packed camp lecture by a British speaker from the London daily worker to say that he didn't know what communism was and he didn't care to find out. Nor did he and his fellow POWs want to listen to this traitor, Kami Son of a bitch. For this affront and as is an example to other prisoners he was eventually frog marched before a military tribunal informed of the armistice then sentenced to death by firing squad. He still didn't talk. In the end after having been starved from 240 pounds to 120, his was an example that earned him the final distinction as the second to last UN POW to be released across the freedom bridge. On the other side he learned that the Rangers he had so steadfastly protected from exposure no longer existed. As far removed now from the army's interest as was the man who had resurrected them from the grave, a man whose accomplishments had disappointingly matched those of his past. About the same time that Operation Spitfire had been unraveling Colonel John Humege, the Korean War author of the army Rangers and Korean partisans had presented himself for the third time to the Quanson Hut maze of the eight armies headquarters in Pusan intent on securing a date for a partisan advance in a North Korea, a date for which he had long been waiting. The reply from his superior had been simple, never. After a year-long tour, McGee left Korea's ejected as he had left the Philippines, never again to have a chance to lead a partisan army on a campaign of liberation. On top of everything else he was branded the scapegoat for the failure of Virginia and Spitfire failures with consequences beyond a battered reputation. Yeah, the way that the army is treating special operations in this period is similar to the way that they dealt with them in World War II. They are created the Rangers. They attach them to divisions for control. In each instance, the divisional commanders, they don't see much distinction between the Rangers and their own infantry. So they treat them like infantry. Usually they use them as their frontline infantry and predictably they get mauled and then the commanders justify their own belief that they were just like infantry. The only thing that really could have kept the Rangers or the army from disbanding them would have been the sort of raid that McGee sends Watson and his team to complete, which is a penetration rate, a deep penetration raid behind enemy lines to destroy a tunnel. For lots of reasons, the rug gets pulled out from under this team before they even go and their chances of success before they even launch are diminished and almost nothing. They still go and like you read the passage that you read, I mean the survival, the lengths that they go just to survive are incredible. And this mission is almost completely lost to history. I mean when I started researching that mission and researching Watson, I didn't have a lot to go on. There's really only a couple of accounts about it and I had based off of what I had done, the research I had done from my World War Two chapters. I sort of knew or I sort of suspected that there would be like some post POW report about Watson. Couldn't find it the first time I went to the archives, but I knew that these reports were roughly two pages. Whenever anybody was recovered from a POW camp, the military would interview them, they would put the circumstances, their capture, and the circumstances of their captivity in these reports and they lock it away in an archive someplace. So I knew that this report probably existed. So I contacted the archives, they confirmed that the report did exist and being an Illinois at the time it wasn't super convenient for me to go back. I expected that the two pages wouldn't provide a ton of detail anyway, but I asked them, could you take a look at it and then send me the pages that his report. The archive was kind enough to do it. She went and she looked at the account and she said, yeah, the accounts in a file labeled such and such is the record of American POWs in the Korean War, but it's 750 pages. So I can't scan it and copy it and send it to you. I was like, well, can you just find his section and send me those pages and she said, no, it's 750 pages. It's not been cleared. You'd have to put a FOIA request and just to go through it to make sure that there's no classified information. So I put the FOIA request in, they go through, but they still won't send me the two pages. Anyway, I sort of forget about it. I've sort of moved on to another chapter. I figure if I'm going to find anything on the Virginia one raid and it's going to be the center of gravity of that chapter. I'll find it eventually. But it's sort of like I said, I put it on the back burner. I've already moved on. So I come to the archive several months later. And I remember I put this FOIA request and so I do a double check on it. End of a long day. My back is aching because of all the pictures that I've taken. You have to stand over these tables and take picture after picture. When I leave the archive after a day of research, I've got like 3,000 images. It's not fun. But at the end of the day, I think I've got about 30 minutes left. I find the archive. I'm like, hey, can you find this report from me? I'd like to take a look at and see what it is. She comes back with the 750 pages. I opened it up. It's not 750 pages of American POWs in the Korean War. It's 750 pages on Martin Watson. And no one has ever gone through it. Not since the day that they took the reports and put it in the archive. And it is, it's a gold mine. I mean, it had everything from his police reports. The circumstances of his captivity in Sostana, because he was part of Darby's Rangers. And then the fact that this person, he's present, not just for the consequential moment of the Rangers in World War II, but the consequential moment of the Rangers in the Korean War. Man, it's amazing. Account after account of all of the people that it's not just his interview. It's not just his post-captivity interview that's in the 750 pages. It's interview after interview by his fellow captives. And they all have the same story about this guy. He is incomparable. And he gets a bronze star. After his captivity. And he gets a promotion to Sergeant. I mean, I couldn't, I mean, maybe Freeman and some instance of maybe Halper and a couple of others. I mean, nobody that I come across in the writing of that book is more deserving of the Medal of Honor. I mean, the the lengths that he went to for his own, for his own men, on that hilltop in the Virginia one mission. And then the lengths that he goes to just to survive in the POW camps and into escape. Noomers escape perhaps. I mean, but yeah, he's, I mean, I do have your next book identified yet. I got a good idea. The problem with the the the the the record is that there's no dates. And I thought, you know, you could write a book about Martin Watson. I think you would have to make it fiction though. You'd have enough material to write that that book, but you couldn't write it with the same level of specificity that I wrote this. Because you need the chronology to tell that story and the chronology. Just you could piece together the chronology from the other events that he's actually in. You could, I thought about it and you would have to find you'd have to go through each of the reports and track down, you know, the, you know, the 150 guys and see who's still alive to see if they can put, you know, some chronology to it. You would, I don't know. I have, I've thought about it. What happened to him after the war? I have to get out of the army after he was in the military notoriously promoted to sergeant. Yeah, right. He is, it doesn't have the, it's, it's not the best epitaph. He's, he ends up having some trouble. I mean, like, like I write in the book, his interwar period between his release from the German POW camp in World War II and the his entrance back into the army. It's punctuated by some 76 arrests by the the Connecticut police. And yeah, ranging from fighting to drunkenness back to fighting to resisting arrest. I mean, he has no, I mean, he clearly has, you know, post-traumatic stress, but he is also, you know, that's just who he was. Just grown up in the sort of like rough and tumble gang type environment. And, you know, he's, you know, he would be a nightmare to command, but, you know, also, you know, in Compton Blown Combat. But after the war, he, he marries, doesn't, doesn't go well. He's, you know, completely, you know, broken from the war. He ends up having a couple of kids, and then moving to Alaska to work on a pipeline. His son, who I have become, you know, friends with, is, is, every bit as big as his old man was. I mean, he's, you know, he's just, you know, some equally a monster. But the nicest guy that he ever made. But he, I think he met his dad, you know, maybe two dozen times. And the course of his life. And then, his, he passes away, I believe, from lung cancer. He smoked his entire entire life. And the, the password that his son would have to use to get into his hospital room was courage. So, Korean war ends, your next section is Arleigh Burke, the Bay of Pigs, and the launching of the Navy's Limited War Seals. You talk about Arleigh here. During the period of the CIA's preparations for the covert invasion invasion of Cuba, the US Navy was led by Admiral Arleigh Burke. The 58-year-old CNO, whose most conspicuous feature were a tight shock of curly bleached air, a fist of a chin that fell into a loose and swollen neck and a sizable bulk that had long since settled into his hips, a trait that gave said one witness a C roll to his stride and adjoined his shape, the impression of an upright base or a freighter. So there you got Arleigh Burke. Not an attractive man. Yeah. And here's an important part. And this is one of the, one of the parts where we start connecting this DNA of the SEAL teams to the DNA of the US Navy. In 1943, when Burke finally arrived in the South Pacific to take command of destroyers, Guadgarine 23, Desaron 23, the little beavers, he pinned himself to a drop-leaf desk and a sweltering belly of his command ship and crammed into his head a year's worth of combat reports every battle from coral sea to sevo island. A poll that the micro management of destroyers in which the permission to launch torpedoes against an already discovered enemy fleet was denied for for four immutable minutes. Burke crafted an entirely new doctrine of employment. Instead of spreading his destroyers around the fleets larger ships as nighttime submer subrene packets all dependent on permission from above to break guard duty to engage the enemy. Burke proposed to concentrate his ships at the head of the fleet and to govern his skippers, skippers under what has since been called the doctrine of faith. An unprecedented delegation of authority in which an enemy sighting would be immediately followed by a coordinated torpedo attack without orders. The use of all caps was Burke's to convey this attitude to his sailors, Burke issued them a 12 page, Mimeographed memo, whose very first lines read, if it will help kill japs, it's important. If it would not help kill japs, it's not important. Keep your ship trained for battle. Burke's list of non-battle-related orders was succinct. There were none. Corrections to this section will not be permitted. It took less than a month to make his point. That's Burke. You go through this thing and Burke is running the Navy and clearly he's an aggressive guy and believes in decentralized command. You do a great job of covering what happened at the Bay of Pigs, how that ties into our history and the seal teams. Pretty interesting story the way that unfolds. It ends up with a horrible situation, but we do gain some experience and we work with some of these cubanationalists that helped us out as well. This is the toughest chapter. Each of the chapters presented various challenges when it came to researching and trying to craft the narrative or trying to figure out what's the point of this chapter and how does this serve the story? Or how does this push us forward? What aspects of Burke's personality or Burke's own history? How is that relevant? You hit the nail right on the head when it comes to Burke's emphasis on latitude and decentralized command. Other thing about Burke that's really important or that's essential about him is that he refuses to allow the other branches of service to define what the Navy is. The revolt of the animals are in that period during the interwar period between World War II and the Korean War. The other branches of the service are trying to tell the Navy that we need to really de-arm ourselves and become more of a merchant marine which to Burke is a nantama. He has no interest in commanding a Navy that's just a support or a transport unit. To Burke, the Navy is nothing if it's not an instrument of offensive warfare. He's constantly when he becomes the Siano and he becomes the Siano for a period longer than even the closest competitor. It's a normally a two-year job. He's the Siano for six years. No one has the influence on the U.S. Navy that Arleigh Burke does. So when he becomes the Siano constantly, the entire time he's constantly looking for opportunities to push the Navy into a more offensive role. So he champions this limited war capability. He sees enemies all over the globe and he's trying to figure out how the Navy can either bring forces to bear launch marine launch missiles, launch naval gunfire and that orientation ultimately creates this unit. But like I said, writing the book creates, you know, present structuring and research challenges, you know, every chapter is hard to write. This chapter though, this was probably the easiest chapter when it came to write the first draft because there's been so much produced about Arleigh Burke. Numerous books, a couple of pretty good with lots and lots of corroborative detail in them and then, you know, just finding, you know, his fingerprints all over those documents, the create the seal teams, they're all over. I mean, everything, all the, all the documents that his office is creating, but then you can see his little scratches and his pen scratches and all these documents because he writes with, I think it's a green pen and you can see him still on the documents when you go to the the Navy yard today. The problem with this chapter, the Dick of the Bay of Pigspart is just finding the material because it's, you know, the CIA still involved and, you know, I can't tell you how many times I tried to get documents out of the CIA, it's a black hole. You just can't get them. So I finally was able to track down the actual Cuban frogmen that the participated in the raid and all of them were just, you know, totally generous with their time. So, you know, the book is written almost sequentially. There's a couple of chapters that I wrote out of order, but this chapter in particular is the one that just sort of kept me up at night until the end. She's like, I know there's more material out there and I've got to get it into the book and I mean, short of going down to Miami and meeting with the actual, or because I closely using it and they close the bad big news amp, but I managed to find them and their accounts are in there. Yeah, it's an epic epic retelling of that. Again, that's why you got to get this book to read these sections because I'm not covered at all today. But we do get Kennedy, we get Kennedy who now is really focused on this idea, the small war idea, the counter insurgency idea, the guerilla war for idea. He's all over it. He starts pushing people in that direction. He needs someone to run the special warfare center at Fort Bragg, where's the where the green berets come from, where they get this like their schoolhouse. He ends up talking one of his friends, his one of his military aids who recommends a guy to run it. This guy named Colonel Bill Yarbrough, who's another character in the story. At the change of command ceremony, his soldiers observed him as he was, average size, chest out, shoulders back, a rooster of a man, his narrowed eyes and purse lifts locked into a stoic gaze as revealing as a Roman bust. Son of an army colon colonel, married to an army brat with a son on his way to an army commission and two daughters on their way to army husbands. Yarbrough was the very picture of army tradition. 48 years old now in press slacks and blouse boots with no prior special, no prior experience in special forces, nothing on the surface seemed to indicate anything besides a conventional background and a preference for more of the same. But that was just the surface. Beneath his obvious soldierly bearing was hidden an ambition for a military organization as unconventional as had ever existed, born into a military family and predictably funneled into a West Point education, where his only step out of formation seems to have been as a cartoonist on the school newspaper. Yarbrough's early army career was in fact a litany of non-conformities, four years with the Philippine scouts, one of the most unconventional assignments in the US army. Two years as a parachute test officer during which his creativity had burst open as wide as the thing he was testing. This had manifested in everything from redesigning the parachute press pants to boots, to promoting his untested unit by acting as a stunt double for a Hollywood movie for which he was afterwards afterward nicknamed Show Biz. And in creating a silver badge that looked like an ice cream comb shaped parachute flexed with winged angels that was ultimately adopted as the symbol for the entire airborne. In World War II Yarbrough survived incomparible five combat jumps, five camp pains, two combat commands, one of which had fought alongside Darby's Rangers at Sistarna and later earned a presidential unit citation and one crash landing. And except for a brief sidelining resulting from an outburst against his division commander Matthew Ridgeway, it was an almost unblemished record of direct action with a record, a record with honor so compelling that any normal soldier would have coveted its repetition. Yarbrough wasn't normal. What was the outburst about Ridgeway? Remember? Yeah, I'm trying to think it was it was an airant drop. I believe in Italy. An airant drop of the parachute troopers or an airant drop of a bomb from the fire situation. No of paratroopers. Okay. Yeah, they landed them in a place that they shouldn't have landed them and he returned from that and he does something that you just can't do in the army. He, you know, let's as boss have it. Matthew Ridgeway is not. Matthew Ridgeway is another hero of the story, but you know, maybe not hero of the story. He's a hero of an American hero, but he's an executioner of the Rangers in Korea, but he's also the executioner of Yarbrough's sort of rise to infantry or paratrooper greatness. He shortsurcuses career, sends him back to the states. I think the only way that Yarbrough gets back into command is through a Mark Clark. But yeah, it was, um, yeah, Yarbrough. Yarbrough, Yarbrough. He is a, probably next to Kaufman. I don't think I met anybody who was, his toughness just sort of pinned down. Like, what does he want? Because I mean, his, his whole background seems to imply that he's, you know, just this conventional, you know, soldier, but he has no interest in it. And I, you know, that I, I couldn't find, you know, the letter, the document, uh, to, you know, suggest, you know, why he, um, was sort of turning his back on that and why he, you know, bought in so, you know, full heartedly to this idea of counter insurgency, but nevertheless it's there. He becomes the biggest, uh, disciple or a passallor, whatever you want to call him, of counter insurgency, of, you know, winning, uh, you know, the, the, the, the hearts and minds of the people, and then turning them or at least denying them to the enemy. And, uh, the way that you did that is not through combat. It's through all the stuff that nobody likes to do. It's digging well. Yeah, digging it. It becomes real obvious, you see, here, Yarbrough's first action is commander of the Naval Special Warfare Center and top train of special forces was to initiate a top to bottom of a view of training and curriculum and effort to match his men with their mission. So here we go into fast forward a little bit before along, the special warfare center began to feel less like a command, of course, and more like a college campus complete with courses in bridge building, sanitation, animal husbandry, axmithing, crop raising, pig pen construction, swine and occupation, leaflet creation, field irrigation, seed planning and rice cultivation. Not all of Yarbrough and, and, of course, there's resistance. Not all of Yarbrough staff are proof of the changes. Particularly said Yarbrough, the old jockstrap commandos, the Ranger types, gallant bloodletters and fighting machines to be sure about men who are anything but diplomats and rejected any suggestion that they ought to be. They were he continued men devoid of the more humane qualities, compassion, pity and mercy, men who bristle that the idea of lying on their bellies to teach and illiterate tribes and in on how to aim a rifle. So he's got a totally different idea of really what the green berets should be. And he's got another little, he's got another little different opinion too. Here fast forward a little bit to convert his men to his new philosophy as warfare. My religion, he would one day call it in which battles, the battles objective was not the destruction of the enemy of an enemy's army but the winning of indigenous minds and sympathies. That must be the precursor of hearts and minds. Yarbrough enjoyed every one of his officers above the rank of captain to accompany him into the pine berets for what he called his talk in the woods. As long as I am charged of special forces, he would say there will be no womanizing, no drunkenness, no wild parties, no adultery. There'll be no trouble makers, no wild men. That stuff is out. There will be moral standards, disciplinary standards, apparent standards. The rules are going to change. He would promise there will be a new start. So he's coming hard. He's coming hard. And this, that chapter in particular. So I talked about some of the challenges of other chapters and you know either you know finding material or figuring out what the chapter is about and how that chapter served the larger story. The story of the special forces presented a problem but I was not prepared for. Every chapter took about you know between six, around six, seven months to write. When I got to and and they all followed a similar pattern, you know, whether the unit was a Navy unit that we're talking about where it's being created, committed to action and then it's retained in the order of battle or whether it's an army or marine core unit that is created and then disbanded. There was there was this pattern that was sort of predictable, you know, Navy unit created army unit disbanded or marine core whatever. When you get to and it fit with, you know, my understanding of my thesis which was the Navy's continuing to fill this gap in the order of battle and that held until the special forces. When I get to the special forces like my thesis sort of like started to crumble and I had this moment of like panic where I was like, I mean the only thing I can do is just ignore the entire existence of the special forces because it's I mean it doesn't fit with what I've been doing for the past, you know, seven years and when I, you know, obviously it's not what I did, I think because it's not the right thing to do because you're telling a history you have to, you know, understand the relationship. You can't just change history to history. I mean you mean there's so many times if you're writing history that, you know, the temptation is there you want to, you know, make the facts fit your narrative. That's not, that's not honest and it's not what you're supposed to do. So I ended up having to take an entire year and did nothing but, you know, really learn the history of the Army Special Forces, which is a fascinating history. But it also, you know, revealed within, you know, three or four months that it wasn't the fact that the special forces was, you know, created committed action and disbanded. It was that they were completely reoriented to a non-commanded type mission and no one was more consequential in that shift than your bro. Yeah, the, the end up, the gap that all these other Raider units would fill and then to get disbanded, he didn't go into that gap. He went into this other gap. He went into this other gap and then then there was a gap that was created by President Kennedy and, and trying to connect those two people, I couldn't figure it out until I found that article about Spartacus about Kennedy watching this movie. Yeah, he gets into the cell that story. I'm not going to cover it, but tell that story. In the, in the, in the months leading up to his inauguration, he's, he's been elected, but he hasn't yet become president. He gets his brother tells him how great the movie, how the Kirk dog of this movie Spartacus is. And you know, his, you know, in coming Secretary of the Navy happens to be going as an extra ticket, you know, Mr. President Alec, would you like to go? So he goes. And the movie's already started. The theater owner sees, you know, Kennedy come in, stops everything, brings him upstairs, they have a cup of coffee together, everybody, all the other theater goers that are waiting for him to start. So it goes down with the cup of coffee, restarts the movie and he watches the thing and he comes out and he's, I mean, it's a, if you've ever seen, you know, Spartacus, it's, you know, it's the epic. I mean, when I was a kid, I saw it, it was, I mean, I've never seen anything like it in, and it makes an impression on him. And where, you know, it's a, it's a slave army that, you know, is fighting across Italy and they're, liberating other slaves and they're turning them into gladiators. And that's what Kennedy wants to do. And he sees in this movie he sees an answer to his problem. You know, we're going to turn these, you know, legions of, you know, third world, you know, people into, you know, our army of freedom. And Yarbob brought into that. But into it. Oh, yeah. Meanwhile, fast forward a little bit. Chapter 11. At one o'clock on January 1st, 1962, a Monday, sealed team one was without fanfare of any kind, unceremoniously commissioned on naval amphibious base coronado right where the neck of San Diego's palm treeed resort island met the flat seven mile long sandy itsmus called the silver strand located on this base up an inch of military grade right angles that jutted out into the sparkling waters of San Diego Bay. The team's physical footprint was little more than a single ward war to era quansit hut. The team's authorized strength was for 10 officers in 50 enlisted men, most of whom had not yet been pulled from their west coast underwater demolition teams. The man most responsible for recruiting, equipping and training these men was their 29 year old commanding officer lieutenant David Del Judas. Raise just outside a Newark New Jersey by Italian speaking, working class parents Del Judas was of average height and athletic build and like nearly every other frogman well-tanned. As an officer at UDT-12, he had been selected to lead a 10-man detachment of Vietnam on a two-week trip up the May Kong River to deliver landing craft to Lui, Lai Ocean troops, troops at the army special forces were already training for combat, briefed on the insurgents and the men you of reptiles that he and his men were sure to encounter, they had seen neither just 100 miles of mud-browned river. Now Del Judas was in charge of a unit that had been created in no small part to return to that river but to what end no one quite knew. So there you go, seal teams get commissioned. And this is when all the history finally you know start to collide. It culminates in this and and you know the individual that collides in as Phil Bacquillou who's been there literally from the beginning of Naval Special Warfare and there's a reason that you know the Naval Special Warfare Center is named after this person. The Phil H. Bucklou Center for Naval Special Warfare Yeah, I mean it wouldn't I mean he he doesn't create you know the the scouts and raiders don't create the UDTs he doesn't create the seal teams but he's there for these critical moments to help the seal teams along. And his his ability to form relationships his ability to write because he was obviously with any super humble and and is able to get his conveyance message apart. Yeah, convey his message in such a way that really there's only one answer but he never gives the answer. It's like he allows people to discover the truth for themselves which is the best way to get people to discover the truth. Better than I can't have said it. Yes. We're sure I have that in there. Yeah, he writes these well we'll get to it. Phil H. Bucklou. When he had left his house on December 7, 1941 Phil H. Bucklou was a six foot two inch 235 pound former fullback for the Cleveland Rams who's major concerned that morning had been to choose one of the four football contracts burning a hole in his pocket with thinning hair and a heavy jaw curled lip and downturned eyes not to mention a torso as thick as a tree trunk Bucklou at 26 looked 10 years old when he was and was 10 times as mean while intimidating from a distance Bucklou up close actually possessed a personality that accomplished the opposite. He had never attracted to his orbit enough players to found that coaches own football team. The ors are he had even attracted enough players to his orbit to found and coaches own football team the Columbus bullies a team on its way to another league championship had the Japanese not exploded the afternoon as they did. If I would have known about the Columbus bullies my task in a task in a bruiser might have been the task in a bullies instead. One of those things. In the Sicily campaign he had checked to check the beach himself and fast forward a little bit then signal to the fleet from the bobbing shell of a black and kayak while screaming balls of fire skipped off the water round him in the weeks before normandy invasion he skimmed to the coast and collected density testing bottom samples to up to 20 yards from the shore. Then evaded a flattilla of six enemy trawlers and a crash of bullet snaps from MG 42 machine gun by escaping into the night and fog on the smoke grade dawn of D day buckloon his LCT scout boat crew led the first wave of floating tanks to Omaha Beach fired earspitting rockets and twin 50 cow machine guns to silence in enemy pillbox then spent the day throttling through bread clouded water and mine topped obstacles to pluck drowning soldiers from burning land in craft. Fast forward for his service in World War II buckloon received an unheard of number of commendations a bronze star from North Africa a silver star for Solono and then a brace of navy crosses one for Sicily another for Omaha Beach not even his friend in fellow footballer buck helper and had been awarded as many. Naturally such a record had opened doors to more unconventional opportunities including two and a half years in Korea more than twice the length of a standard war tour where buckloon doubled as the navy's represented to the CIA and led the beach jumpers a navy unit created to collect and jam the enemy's electronic communications or periodically mimic them to so chaos in their transmissions. So there's just some of the stuff that you talk about that that buckloose got going on and that's another one of those units to the beach jumpers right another one of these random units that the navy puts together freaking just get some. So he's got to write this report we're talking about why he had to write this report. He had to write the report because the original commander got sent home and the reason the original commander of the the commission or the survey team we don't know if he was sent home for a health problem or as one person said for a closet drunkenness but they I mean the the the point of this report that there's sent to to create is to figure out what the hell the navy's supposed to do in Vietnam. It's not a it's not a theater that any naval commander is eager to you know insert himself into. So there's no early Burke at the home of the navy at this point so the character of naval leadership is slightly different maybe not as aggressive but they still want to you know see what the navy can do so they send the survey team but the people that they select for the survey team are almost you know they're sort of they're waiting the scales a little bit I mean they send David Del Judas who is you know he's the commanding officer of the team one they send a filial killer who's a former UDT guy from the Pacific theater silver star winner and they sent full buckler was the second in command who is you know nobody has had a more inland naval experience outside of the sealed teams in this guy. Make him the number two the commanding officer gets sent home putting full buckler in charge of this report they spend the next six weeks two months you know hopscotch in the country trying to figure out what to do and the report that he creates is entirely his I mean he let's no one else take the responsibility for this report he drafts it himself he types it himself even he doesn't have a yomendo a he did you see original copies of this thing yeah freaking legit and it took a surprisingly long time to find it I couldn't find it anywhere I know you have images of these things are you take pictures of all these things yeah my having images of that night um yeah I don't I don't have any of the original documents there's um left everything at the archive where it should be but if you need smuggle any out not saying that the temptation wasn't there because some of the archives that I you know went to you know they're uh some of their record keeping you know has a little bit to be desired and you want to protect you know this history you know uh but no I never you know that it's all there but yes found the report and uh yeah holding it is a little weird holding a lot of these documents because you you know you haven't touched are most likely no one's touched some of the stuff since they were printed off a type off or whatever you have here according to buckler this is the report according to buckler the battle required something not unlike the riverine force used in the American Civil War in which set Abraham Lincoln Uncle Sam's web feet had fought not only in the deep sea and the broad bay but also up the narrow muddy bay you and wherever the ground was a little damp it's quite a great I mean quotes freaking Abraham Lincoln this report this guy's crafty for an unconventional example in a modified amphibious environment buckler could have drawn attention to his own legacy he didn't he never did so the humility Lincoln's fleet was example enough and practical terms his solution for the navy here to four failure was a comprehensive overhaul of the entire counter infiltration effort then you talk about this idea of counter infiltration as opposed to counter has opposed to counterinsurgs they want to keep the the infiltrators the the communists from pushing into south Vietnam it's a blockade I mean that's a traditional navy mission maybe doesn't understand counterinsurgency maybe there's much more comfortable with with a blockade right and and so therefore according therefore more navy boots more navy boarding teams more riverine checkpoints submarine nets navigation lights a system for checking cargo manifests and forcing and forcing curve views and exchange for all this more navy representation in four core planning on the question of whether the navy was missing the boat on counter insurgency the winning of the locals loyalty through civic action and leading the indigenous troops buckler's report was comparatively silent especially given the date just 86 days since Kennedy's assassination though he recommended increased boat supports two special forces camps he already judged the green berets efforts as slow in time consuming and therefore in effective fast forward a little bit in its 46 pages the report used the term counterinsurgency only two times or sorry only three times a somewhat nebulous field buckler would one day call it four fewer mentions than the term counter infiltration the reports preferred mission appearing at total of 10 times was a variant of the term rating a tactic that could said the report in gender more fight back spirit amongst the rag sailors though those were the south Vietnamese trained riverine sailors but would require companies of pursuit raiders preferably marines or rangers and who would accompany such and who would command such raids on this question the former scout radar turned sake ogorella did not blink the overwater transport of rating and landing forces should be a navy responsibility yeah that I mean that that part alone I mean the fact that he doesn't even mention seals in that I mean clearly the navy thinks like I mean if there's not like a little you know you know that when the teacher you know pounds on the chalkboard says hey you might want to remember this for the test like that's what he's saying like hey don't you guys think that you want to be doing this mission and the army and the main person like yeah crazy nine days later on February 25th 1964 the buckler report the name by which even McNamara would refer to it was officially distributed to leaders across the navy Matt V in the joint chiefs of staff eventually rising to the office of secretary defense it was handled said buckler like a hot potato actually was more like a gauntlet a challenge to the navy's leaders to not only directly fight an inland river war but to fight it in a way that mostly deviated from the consensus strategy of counter insurgency over the next two years this challenge would propel the navy toward the development of new vessels new organizations and most importantly new missions including the reports most recommended rating beyond the river banks so there it is from there the seal start creeping inland that's what starts happening and and here's the intro that i started this this podcast out with um debt one silting one debt golf billy making that's what's happening from there they start they start making adjustments to training right this is the navy has set up the seal teams they haven't created i mean they created the seal teams but they haven't determined what the seal teams are going to be they've raised them like a parent was going to raise a child they like planted a seed right but the child is ultimately going to be the one who decides what his future is going to be like and they you know all of this has come together into this last you know last two chapters like here we are uh and you know they they have trouble in the beginning they're almost sent home they all the seals almost completely missed the war anyway the you uh some so that the guys start coming back from those via nom deployments and like i said they start making adjustments because they're creeping more and more inland um i like this one some of these things some of these things just warm my heart because because i'm so connected to them right so here we go back to the book frustrated with the enemies retreat from the rung sats river banks debt golf had already started pushing further inland so far in fact that seal team ones replacement platoons were now anticipating almost nothing but helicopter insertions so we're we might not even be in the water at all not even next to a river to better prepare for this inland land warfare seal team ones Anderson had ordered guy stone a former Korean war soldier and forward observer who had left the army to be government-listed seal to create a six week long pre-deployment course in basic infantry tactics with a training camp carved into the chocolate mountains some 100 miles east of the Pacific Ocean stone had trained his team one comrades in every skill of soldiering that he knew everything from contour navigating to mortars every skill a step closer to navy infantrymen to the commanders now convened and coronado such development seemed to justify an official revision to the navies to the seals navy imposed operational boundaries in other words what deljudice anderson and early were describing as direct missions outside of a purely naval or maritime environment as they already knew there was only one other available area that could present a navy unit with that kind of opportunity an area contemporary a contemporary described as the wars true bastion of iron the maycon delta yeah i've had some some Vietnam seals on here but that connection to our west coast desert training facility that's it man like that's you go out there and you know i had Roger Hayden on here was a Vietnam yeah just uh well it's right you worked at work on but he was you know he'd start talking about being out there at the desert training facility and like they set up the point man course when they put booby traps and targets and all that like that's what i did when i got silting one you went out there and you did the point man course everybody did the point man course that came directly from these guys in Vietnam so that these things are um you can still you can still i still have that thread yeah i'm gonna push forward a little bit get into some some of these stories that you you you get from the fighting that the seals start doing as they push in and this is the this is where the reputation really starts to stand strong on a jump into the middle of a mission here realizing that the enemy was already moving to cut them off galager decided the only thing left to do was fight this decision made he directed his men to make for the only cover around alone pezance house but to win just 20 uncomfortable yards away from the nearest tree line when they reached it their first job was to calm the family inside not an easy task for any home invader and one in which the squad was only partially successful as two children quickly escaped sure to eventually tell the vehicle on their position next most important was to check the wounded y'all's entire left side was starting to freeze up and fix whatever was wrong with the radio the same troubleshooting checklist of cleaning connectors swapping out handsets changing batteries plus a healthy amount of cursing and praying this troubleshooting however was only partially successful when sure finally got the radio back online the only other person who could hear him was jack roul the radio man for seven a and they had problems of their own at a little before three a m Peterson and squad seven a consider themselves in a very difficult position everywhere they looked in the surrounding tree line there was movement at one point Peterson had even seen torches what seemed like hundreds of them moving toward their south but as they were now finding out over the radio it could have been even worse once galager and seven bees situation was learned Peterson was quick to count his blessing first he had none of galager's casualties except for the lyrp who had shot the man Peterson had meant to interrogate every one of his men still had a full load of load out of ammunition next was his position clear field of fire and every direction and the cemetery's berm for cover even concrete vaults if the enemy brought in his mortars most important of all roul's radio was now working as it should putting the squad in reach of army slicks and navy sea wolves who were at that moment on their way to seven a's wreck rescue or at least they had been. Recognizing seven bees overwhelming need Peterson quickly made two decisions first he ordered roul to relay seven bees position to the helicopters effectively putting his own squad at the back of the line second and this decision was made by default of the first seven a would now fight the encircling enemy alone. Just as Peterson's decision was made and the helicopters began diverting south a group of some thirty-vehacong fighters as if sensing seven a's sudden vulnerability step clear of the eastern woodline spread themselves into a scream of scourmeters and started forward. The first wave was coming and no one knew what was coming behind it. Having been forced to spend the first few minutes at the farmhouse calming peasants dressing wounds and fixing the radio galager despite shards of metal in his legs was now checking each man's field of fire and telling him to hold that fire until he gave the order. As men organized their positions with easily accessible stacks of ammunition and grenades they scanned their sectors for any sign of movement. They didn't have to scan line scan long soon between the rice bales there was movement everywhere. Look at them all said boin. It looks like hundreds of them. But as best you could tell hundreds who by their milling around still had no idea where the Americans were. Right about the time that boin was making that assessment hooked her received what they had been quietly desperate for. The check-in procedures from lieutenant commander Myers of the Navy C Wolves who rattled off the loadout first flight of two helicopters. Wings rack with 2.75 inch rockets and machine guns then gave his altitude and vicinity a racetrack in the sky far enough away so as to not reveal seven bees position. In response to your gave a physical description of the rice paddy and seven bees location in it along with the rapidly deteriorating situation multiple wounded and enemy everywhere. The next call was the lead pilot of the army's flight of slicks who upon hearing of seven bees situation replied he would not be able to help as it was a quote violation of squadron policy to land in a hot LZ end quote. What happened next is a matter of some dispute. One account suggests that the seawolf pilots may have shamed their army peers by offering to pick up the seals themselves or at least the wounded. The Navy fuselage could only handle one or two men. Another explicitly claims that the seawolf commander told the army pilot you're going to go down or I'm going to shoot you down. Whatever the truth within a few minutes the matter was resolved and Gallagher told Ture to tell the helicopters what he wanted. At a little before 315 a.m. the moon behind him two seawolf started their attack run across the rice paddy as they closed with the tree line someone in the squad there's some dispute as to who stepped out of the farmhouse, ripped the pole ring on a marked 13 signal flare and tossed it in the grass. Within a second the flare ignited a bonfire size glow that told the pilots exactly where the seals were but also drew the bullet snaps of every muzzle now blazing from the tree line. As the seals flinch beneath the fire and responded with their own the world above them exploded with the swamp of the two gunships strafing the enemies muzzle flashes with their rockets and form machine guns. With the landing skids directly above them the combination of rotor blades and rocket exhaust nearly ripped the roof off the farmhouse. As the seawolfs unleashed this chaos several seals got online and followed suit launching grenades and shredding through belts of stone arounds they had so as so linked. The noise was unbelievable. Row one man afterward and it looked like something not of this world. Behind this cover the army pilot reluctantly landed his slick and Gallagher directed the firing line of seals to begin bounding back toward it. While the firing line covered Mike Boitian transformed himself into an ambulance cradling men from the cooch to the helicopter then helping to shoulder yaw to a seat cram between the pilot and copilot. Finding Gallagher limping away from the firing line his rifle still in hand and compressing a fresh gunshot wound and leaning into the rotor wash like it was a driving rain. Boitian picked him up and heaved him so hard into the helicopters, opened door that he flew right out the other side. That accident forced Boitian to run all the way around the helicopter and repeat the effort finally stashing Gallagher all the way in the back. Once everyone was finally loaded the pilot eagerly applied his collective pitch control lever until several knocks on the helmet forced him to look back. Hey we still got men on the ground, Boitian yelled above the noise. At this the pilot depressed his collective just in time for Roy Matthews the barrel of his stoner glowing hot red to dash from the pooch and clamber aboard rounds now clanking against the fuselage. This time the pilot's lift off sent a shutter throughout the entire helicopter, prompting yaw to crane his head toward the dash where he saw an RPM indicator flashing red. While gaining the next hundred feet of elevation the helicopter shook like it would suddenly drop out of the sky, a feeling that only intensified when every gun still connected to a living communist finger started firing and surrounding the slick with green tracers. It was a barrage that had resulted from the near simultaneous lift off of the sea wolves because they had somewhere else to be. Yeah I mean then you you go into talk about how they go now and take care of Peterson and seven alpha. I mean if I had written any slower this would not have been written because the you know a lot of the guys that gave me the stories from this thing are no longer here. Ron yaw just passed away a couple months ago. Men just died Bob Gallagher just died. All the history is you know very, very slowly but it's happening. I mean one of the last things that Pete Peterson well one of the last interactions I had with Pete because Pete was more than generous with his time to do interviews with us but one of the last things that he did was I sent him a Gallicopy of the book before it had published to get it in Bob Gallagher's hands so he could see this. I want to you know every you know all the folks that I interviewed from seven plateau in the one person that would not be actually a spot Gallagher. That said I still was anxious for him to know you know the legacy and the contribution that he had you know not just to the seal teams but to you know establishing you know what ultimately the seal teams became the mission that the seal teams have. So sent the copy of the book to Pete drove it over to Bob's house and Pete you know didn't get an information on whether or not he actually read it but after Bob passed they found the copy of the book in his house with a note inside that said to past this book onto his best friend. So hopefully very hopefully he was able to at least see this. And that's a good indication. You say here when this was done he submitted awards. This is Peter's insimited awards up through CTF 116 chain of command. Braun stars for just about everyone of every member of seven Bravo a silver star for Bointen and for Gallagher an AV cross and award that he had to justify to win awards officer with multiple statements but who responded by saying that the evidence could actually support a mental of honor. I hope it does. I mean I think there would be that would be really great if this could act as something of a record for maybe an adjustment of some of these awards. We'll see. Yeah I mean right now I think we got Gallagher and Watson. But yeah and one of the great things are one of the most interesting things about that episode is the Peterson submits himself for nothing. How many officers or how many people do we work with over the course of our careers that their preoccupation was what awards they're going to get out of this. A wards are one of those funny things that they don't always necessarily say what the person deserves. They often say how good their chain of command was in recognizing what they got. A wards are crazy. A wards say as much about the person that submits them for it as it does about the person himself. I mean I had a guy I saw a guy on here Dick Thompson got gotten to a helo to like set up the spy rig or something during a bright light operation ends up the helo just takes off. He's getting ready to go and leave. He's getting ready to go and liberty. So he doesn't have his weapon. He's never gear with him and the helo takes off to go on this bright light to go and rescue down guys. They can't get in. He ends up throwing a rope out, repelling down. Grabbs the crew chiefs gone, repels down, no gloves, burns his hands, gets in there, rescues people, recovers body from two different heliocats. Completely. It's complete. Oh by the way, he dropped down the rope ended and he drops into 150 foot canopy. Just drops. Just let's go and just fall through the freaking jungle canopy to get in there. It's totally insane. He gets done with that. I mean, there's no possible way he should live number one and no way should he actually rescued guys. He lives. He rescued guys. He gets like a bronze star. He can totally insane. And you know, here's the other thing about what's what and you you lay this out very clearly. A very important thing about this seal team to seventh platoon. What really they were doing great operations but what really made it important was that they were doing these intel-driven raids, then they were gathering intelligence. They were exploiting that intelligence and they were doing follow-on raids. So this set like a standard um it's a it creates our cycle of operations and what's important about that is you know we didn't I try and tell everybody that I meet at the seal teams we didn't invent ourselves. We didn't everything good about us. We took from somebody else. If anything the seal teams are just an aggregate of all the best pieces of all these other units that have come before us. And that not just navy units either. We took the best parts of the rangers. We took the best parts of the raiders and we combined all that and when we didn't know how to do something we found the best person that teaches how to do it and they taught us how to do it and we took it. And same thing when it comes to this cycle of capture kill. I mean we sort of stumbled upon it and I think guys like Pete Peterson and Bob Gallagher who are really you know leveraging the information that they can get from other units and then aggregating that to to drive their own operations. I mean like I like Bob Wagner who's you know he is creating essentially single handedly creates the P.R.U.s. and the P.R.U. is the best part about that is the cycle of operations that they get and that the seal team sort of noticed like we can do that too. So yeah the use of interpreters the use of the locals. Yeah the use of the locals not to build a guerilla force but to just gather intelligence and go do hits. It's just I mean it's like you know it's no different than what you know the police do in every major city across the country. You arrest somebody, you shake them down for information and then you go get the next person. It's a cycle of operations that just keep perpetuating itself. So you've got incredible sections in here and again this whole book we barely even touch the surface of what you've got in this book but I want to finish off with this section here. It says this last section I'm going to read. In March of 1969 the Rand Corporation, a semi-private think tank that specialized in research and analysis for the Department of Defense published a report titled The Navy Seal Commandos, a case study of military decision making and organizational change. As far as I know the first academic level study of the seal teams. The reports author was Francis J. Bing West, a former force recon marine and Vietnam War veteran who's investigation had begun a year earlier and by the way you can read a bunch of his books right now. He wrote a bunch of other books. He wrote books about Iraq. His investigation had begun a year earlier and whose research had produced a raft of documents, dozens of interviews and the first hand observation of several seal missions into the wrongsat and the may-con delta. So he went and observed what seals were doing. Then this guy is a forced recon marine himself. From this research, West had produced an 18-page report whose introduction provided a brief description of seal training. Training he estimated at a cost of around $14,000 per man plus an overview of the seal's commitment to Vietnam at its height a commitment that never exceeded 150 seals or roughly a 100,150 fewer than the in-country height of the Green Braised Total Compliment. It was a commitment that stood out in even stark relief when placed next to the author's obvious admiration for the seal's progression from lackluster coastal raiders to the war's most aggressive direct action commando's. Admittedly, commando's who had no business becoming such and had thus drawn the interest of the same preeminent think tank that it created the U.S. military's nuclear defense strategy. Intended as a study on organizational change, the reports true purpose had been to discover how the Navy could have possibly succeeded in creating a land-focused commando force. A force that even the Viet Kong had reportedly dubbed the Men with Green Faces, a color not normally associated with the Navy's traditional medium. It was a puzzle of personal importance to the officer, to the author. As the Marine Corps, the far more likely branch of service had never succeeded in creating anything similar. Quote, how the concept was shepherded through the joint chiefs of staff and Congress, I am still trying to determine the author wrote. From the mission of the seals, exceeded the charter of the U.S. Navy. As best as he could tell, the legality of this infringement had been tolerated because of its negligible size, but later had been allowed to widen because of a series of factors, none of which at this point should be should come as a surprise. The first of these, now here you start talking about how we ended up with this with the seal teams. The first of these, at least in the May Kong Delta, submitted the author, had been the neglect of the U.S. Army in general, and the 19th-century division in particular, to push their command-o-type units to the same to quote, develop the same aggressive attitude towards ambushing that the seals had. And quote, it might further be added that neither entity had adequately prepared those command-o-type units to make such a transition in the Delta environment, acclaimed best evidenced by one attempt to conceal the river insertion of five lirps soldiers by having them copy the seal method of jumping from the back of a moving boat, but that ultimately resulted in the drowning of all five men. The second factor that accounted for this infringement, the report continued, had been the Navy senior officers, whose tours by comparison were mostly dreary affairs, a condition made more noticeable when, quote, in the presence of generals and quote, to compensate for this, the Navy's leaders had allowed the seals more latitude than they had their other units, a black market trade-off that had produced a steady supply of anecdotes for the Navy, and thereby, quote, saved the pride of the admirals. That's an interesting concept, like the the admirals wanted something to talk about. Ultimately, the author decided the most important factors factor in the seals infringement was owing to the seals themselves and the culture that weighed upon them. Dron from a notorious selective training program that produced few qualified candidates, the seals naturally had had to find a mission that kept casualties low, a circumstance that might have pushed them like the lirps or forced reconmarines into a reconnaissance role that they had anyone to pass, had they had anyone to pass intelligence on to. So you're saying there, look, if you've got a small number of people, probably one of the safest missions you can do is, hey, we're going to go into reconnaissance where we're not supposed to be seen, we're not supposed to come in contact with the enemy, and his and being west is saying here, like, they could have gone in that direction. They could have gone into this reconnaissance role, had they had anyone to pass the intelligence to. They hadn't. Nor had there been any great pressure from the river reinforced to engage in any sort of green-braised-style advisory duty or civic action. So they didn't go in that direction either. They didn't go where Yarbara went. Hey, let's go raise a bunch of local guerrillas to fight. Organizational orphans with no larger force to support or control them and possessing, quote, no love or admiration for the Vietnamese and quote, the seals that set out into the swamps not to prove themselves. They're training and already done that, said the author, but quote, because not to go, not to go, would have been inexcusable to the others. They had developed a collective value system, which emphasized physical, hardiness and courage, and they liked to fight. That's just a beautiful thing. So the seals didn't have this, you know, you might talk to an army green-braie, talking about, hey, I like my little people, you know, the, the side guys call them little people. They're, their form in relationships with the locals. This is a quote, the seals had, quote, no lover admiration for the Vietnamese and quote. That's crazy, right? And then, and then just to do that one more, to say that one more time, they weren't doing anything to prove themselves. They were doing it because, but quote, because not to go, would have been inexcusable to the others. They, they're talking about the others. Like it's inexcusable, if you don't go, you're not a seal. You're not a seal. It's inexcusable to the other seals. They had developed a collective value system, which emphasized physical, hardness and courage, and they liked to fight and quote. So when the tactics of patrol and ambush had proved unproductive, nobody, not a seal, meaning no blue water superior officer had ordered them to try something else. They had just done it. It was an exceptional adaptation. The Marine veteran author made a special note to point out that his fellow Marines had failed to mimic and by following the previous logic, for reasons that blamed them for this, a sequence of attribution and blame that if the preceding pages have proved anything was not a sufficient explanation. quote, what strikes me as most remarkable about the seal story, the author concluded, is their performance and their ability to learn and adapt in a decentralized sub-optimizing environment. quote, though all true and commendable, it was also an explanation that it considered only the record that came after 1966. Missing was any analysis that proved deeper than that top layer of history whose soil had fertilized this inland evolution. The armies and Marine Corps preceding 30 years of whip-sawing interest in raids and raiders and the Navy's perennial preoccupation with justifying its worth in offensive combat, a preoccupation that had combined with the Navy's traditional latitude and the UDD's traditional adaptability to create what several unidentified seals soon described to a documentary filmmaker as the wars unsung soldier. And quote, what we consider without question the best troops that the country has. And quote, both descriptions notable because they didn't use the word sailors. And just short of the readers, I just a praisel that had dubbed them the wars quote, super-commandos by the end, these would be assessments that were next to impossible to dispute. You're kind of a end on being West report. That was one of the first things I found. I found that at the UDTC, all these games, archives. When I started this book, I was one of the first places I went to do research. And the archives at the UDTC, all these amir, little disorganized. And some cases that provides opportunities that you didn't expect. And one of those was Bing West report. And I had found it. I read it when I got it, but I hadn't thought about it. It provided enough food for thought that it just stuck in the back of my head, stuck in the back of my head for at least eight years. And so when I was nearing the end of the book and I was trying to find a way to kind of summarize everything that had happened. It suddenly dawned on me. I'll go back to that report. And I knew that it had been written by Francis J West. I didn't know it was Bing West. It was like, oh my gosh, it's Bing West. Like, and I've read, you know, books by Bing West. And not like that, but in a way that, you know, it made this thing even more like just strange that it happened. But on one of the last ops that we did in Alambar Province, we had gotten my platoon had been ambushed on a rooftop sniper overwatch. And one of our, one of our seals, Mark Robbins, I'm going shot through the head, took a bullet of 762, round from a peak cam through the right eye and exit at the back of his head. And we were cut off from support. We couldn't get any, I was trying to get aircraft down to support us. They wouldn't come. They wouldn't come because there were so much, you know, machine gunfire. And we were trying to, or I get the other seal element to fight to our position. And they were, they just were, they were on foot and trying to get there as quickly as possible. So at one point, I asked for a, you know, a Marine QRF. And the Marine QRF was separated from us at the fob by this road that we, we called IED Ali. We'd never known a vehicle to drive on this road. Had not gotten IED. And one officer, who was there a major, he jumps in a homebie, grabs another homebie, and they start trucking down the road to get to our position. They get to us. They provide cover for the helicopter to get in. And we, a mark actually, you know, it walks himself to the helicopter, remarkably, he's still around. He's a Lake County cop now. Yeah. But what makes this, you know, story of more remarkable is that the Marine major, who came to our rescue, was Owen West. Thing was, as soon as you started to tell about you exactly where the story was going. Like this has to be all west. This has to be big. I was just incredible. Like the, and, and, and, being was, you know, the fact that being wrote this report, being had this interaction with the seal teams in 1968 and the rights of this report in 1969. Super humble report, too. It's incredibly, super generous. And I mean, you have so many opportunities to, you know, draw attention to other things and he does it. I mean, he's, he's truly impressed by this organization. What, you know, we, you know, as a, as a, as a, as an institution have not done, which I think we should do at every opportunity is recognize the, uh, the influence of all of these other units had on our creation, you know, soldiers, Marines, Rangers, uh, recon, everybody. They all contributed to who we are. And, some sense, our history, I think it's, I mean, especially if you frame it in this way, it's not our history. It is our history, but it's a lens that you can use to, to look at the entire history of American special operations from World War II to Vietnam. We wouldn't be here without them, and in some ways, they would not have changed into the units, so they wouldn't have permanently created these units. Had we not set an example for them to also follow? Yeah, I mean, it's, um, and, and, you know, the, the thing with being Western, just that humble report that you can, you can, I mean, the Marine Corps is just so professional. It's so many ways. It reminds me of Dave Burkou, was a top gun pilot, F-18 pilot, Marine Corps, fighter pilot, um, ended up being the senior instructor at Top Gun, um, F-35 pilot, F-22, because it's the total stud, um, and he worked well as he was a fact with us on the ground, the battle or body, which really interesting is, you know, he came from Top Gun, he was the senior instructor at Top Gun. I mean, you're not, you're not going to get any more professional of a human being as a Marine, that is the senior instructor at Top Gun. And I was talking to him about when he came to one of our briefs, for the first time, this is where in the battle of the body, we're doing a brief to some kind of an operation. And he was just telling me right away, he was just so impressed with what, with just how the brief was. Just how the brief was, you know, this is young Lieutenant Lave Babin and Chief Tony of Fraddy, getting up there and talking about what we're going to do, me, given the commanders and tent, and like, I remember him telling me that, this was 10 years later, he probably told me that. And just that humility to think, oh, these guys are doing something that is square to away. And for being to be able to recognize that and write that while the war is still going on, that's pretty impressive. And you know, you say that he didn't really probe deeper than the layer of history that's prior to 1966, but I'll tell you what, that left plenty of room for you to do just that with this book. And this book, which provides so much history, so much information. Thank you. And you know, one thing that is awesome about the Marine Corps, and I've talked about this on this podcast before, I actually talk a lot about it with clients, because the Marine Corps has an incredibly powerful culture. I think it might be the strongest culture in the world. Absolutely. I couldn't agree more. Yeah, I've said it, you know, time and time again, like, pound for pound, there is no institution like the US Marine Corps. There are ability to, they require much more from everybody, from their troops than every other branch of service. The trade off, though, with that by requiring as much is a level of responsibility that nobody else gets in the military. And the result is its initiative and courage. And that initiative encourages part of, it's part of their culture. And if you, you know, I, I thought about this for years as I was doing this podcast and interviewing people, and what the Marine Corps has is this culture that is rooted in the stories of their history. And I think that what you've done with this book will strengthen the history of the frogmen and the seal teams. And it'll anchor our culture to a past that is filled with these qualities that we want, these qualities of bravery and heroism and adaptation and evolution and pride from our successes and humility from our failures. And I think this book connects us with the individuals who paved the way for us that we are lucky enough to be associated with and lucky enough, really to call our brothers and make this incredible group of individuals that we call the teams. And it's an outstanding book. And I think you've done a real service to the community by writing this book. And anybody, if you're in the seal teams, absolutely just order this book immediately, there's an audio book version which is outstanding as well, get this book, anybody that has any interest in any military history in the history of all special operations just get this book. There's so much information in it. It's, it's immaculately researched. And I just, I couldn't be, I couldn't be more impressed with the man. And I'm, look, I feel, I feel somewhat bad because I write books basically from my own head. It feels like I have a much easier task than you do. I don't have to read anything. I just write what I already know or what I live through. And for you to dive so deep into this, it's just outstanding. And I think it's, it's a huge, a huge, a huge service to the teams, man. Thank you. So thanks, Ben. Echo Charles, you got anything? Well, I think we covered it. Good to see you. Thank you. Nice to see you, yeah. Yeah, that's right. Hey, Ben, where can we find you? I know you got it. You got a Twitter, right? Is that, is that, is that you much your, your social media extent? I have a Twitter and an Instagram. I probably should create a Facebook because I think there's, you know, a few older people that would like us. What's your, what's your, I know your Twitter is Ben H. Milligan, right? What's your, what's your gram? I'm noted. So please bear with me. I'm, I'm getting better. Be Milligan 3. Be Milligan 3. Yeah. Be Milligan. Then I got 3. I've got 3 little boys. So that's, uh, okay. Yeah. And, um, do you have a website or anything? I love how I find it. I mean, I mean, I'm not, I'm just like, I'm in the most incapable of personal medical and social media promotion. But I always say as a same personality traits that make it possible to write this book or the same personality traits, make it hard to promote it. So I, um, I'm doing the best I can't, I, I, I appreciate you bringing me on here. Uh, the, uh, yeah, I couldn't have done this without lots of people helping out and including everybody that, you know, came together to, you know, get this album with Craven, um, you know, to, to get that, that blur from him and then, um, you know, I just couldn't have written it without just, uh, uh, uh, you know, the supportive, all the people around me, including the, the three little guys that I wrote this for. So, you're well, hey, man. Once again, thanks for your, thanks for your service and the Navy. Great. Thanks for your service and the teams. Thanks for doing what you did, um, and, and really truly, honestly, man. I can't thank you enough for writing this book, and it's, it's just, it's just an outstanding document. I hope everybody gets it so much to learn and so much respect to be paid to the forefathers that brought us to where we are today. Thanks for shining a light on them for us. Thank you. And with that Ben Milligan has left the building, uh, echo Charles. Yes, sir. Need to uphold the legacy of the teams by getting better. What you got for us first off, first off, I'll side note, me and Ben have history, um, one of the first people that I met in San Diego and I moved to, you know, because of a connection between kick through, yep, through, uh, my Hawaii people, you know, that came to me to eventually become seals, he's well, first of all, he didn't remember you though. Well, the here's the thing we both, we both, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, zero is inaccurate, zero is inaccurate. He was like, looking at me, I was like, maybe a little something, then later on the break, yeah, we reconnected. Yeah, once you described exactly this situation, because he didn't remember you. Either way, we're all trying to get better, which is weird. You know, when someone's got such an eye for detail, yes, he doesn't remember you at all. That's got to hurt a little bit. Yes, especially all the research he's done and all the stuff that his brain is like capable of literally even make mustard in the way. Oh, yeah, mustard. Thank you. Either way, we've connected now, we're pretty much boys again, so it's all good. And you know, we are trying to get better as you mentioned. So boom, we're over here, we're working out, we're working out, we're reading, not as much as Ben, but we are most of us, not as much of that, but we're trying to stay cognitively and physically in the game and improving ourselves slowly, quickly, whatever. So I'm saying through this journey, we need supplementation. Good news, chocolate supplements. Call of Jacofuel. First one I'm talking about is the energy drink, new paradigm. I said it paradigm, new era of energy drinks. No longer are we burdened, burdened with the poisons and the aftermath and the price of bad energy drinks. It's all good. All good. Taste good. Give you the little boost we need and healthy for you. Has the electrolytes too, by the way, which is that everything electrolytes? Sometimes you need them. Yeah, well, no, not to have them, is it thing? Yes, but I don't know if other energy drinks have the electrolytes. The thing is, they don't fit because there's too much poison in the now. The one's, yeah, sure. Here's the interesting thing. You look at the way the seal teams came to fruition, right? There was a gap, there's gaps and some people enter the gap but then they leave it, right? I do that. But the seal teams are just there. The UDT's are just there. We're staying with it. That's sort of like this whole situation we're finding ourselves in. Because there is little gap. Oh, no, everyone wants to make poison because it sells, put a bunch of sugar in it, put a bunch of caffeine in it and just give people poison that don't care. That's the gap. The gap is like, hey, people might actually want something that's healthy. And so I've seen now that we win in the gap, there's other people that are trying to get in there, but they don't believe in it. So as soon as they realize how expensive it is, how hard it is to produce, as soon as they realize that they just leave the gap. So we're just there, solo operation. It's cruising in the sand and tall like the damn seal teams. This is the freaking seal teams of drinks right here. Dr. Disco-go. That's what's happening. Oh, yeah, delivering. And that's the thing, and you know what? I can't be publishing the mission at all costs. I'm not telling anyone to be offended. I'm not saying that. In fact, I would never say that. I'm not telling people to be angry. I'll never say that. I can't, I can't impose outrage on somebody. That being said, those other entities that created these old school, old era, energy drinks. They're kind of playing on your weekend. They're taking us for fools. They're taking advantage. They're like, hey, hey, this is taking this tastes real good. You know, the guy in the alley, you know, with the red eyes or whatever. It's just because, yeah, hey, take the bro at taste. Good, taste good. It's good. It's a nice little boost. Meanwhile, you're like cool. You buy it. You drink it. You enjoy the whatever you enjoy. And then later on a one, that guy's long gone. You over here paying the price. And it's not even like a lot of your friends. Okay. I think did less healthy all this stuff. This and here comes Joko. Did it. That's good. Good. Finally. There we go. All right. We're on this discipline. Go in the can boom. Yeah. So this way and also discipline, the supplement itself is powder. Yeah. There's capsules as well. Just, you know, you want to go. Whatever different different deployment methods. You know, also joint warfare, acrylic, acrylic oil. These are for your joints vitamin D3 and cold, where this for immunity. Mulk additional protein in the form of dessert. Yeah. So good. This will never change. It was so good. The only thing that was hits the lips. You've all. With this is new flavors. Are you about new flavors? Maybe some cookies. I said it. I said it. I'm not saying. I'm just saying. I said it. No, also, Joko, I teach. If you know about that, that's the OGT that Joko drinks is in and was and still is into. Yeah. It's good. Probably if you like dead lifting 8,000 pounds, you like that tea. Yeah. Go there. Go hand in there and 200%. And you can get all these things. That the energy drinks. Wow. Wow. Everything else, including without limiting to the energy drinks. JokoField.com. Yep. If you subscribe to him, if you want him just to come to your house. Like like as reliable as a UDT frogman get into the beach. Yeah. So that's how you want your supplements to show up. Just subscribe. Yeah. JokoField.com. It'll go and be free shipping, by the way, because we're up against some competitors. We're up against the Imperial Japanese Army and the Nazis. We're gonna, we're gonna have to sneak in under the radar here. Yep. That's what we're doing. I understand. Fully. Also, vitamin chop. You get this stuff. Vitamin chop. So yeah, you just want to press your head and grab something easy money. Vitamin chop. Also, origin, origin USA. This is where you can get your American made stuff. Look, they're not just printed in America. It is printed in America, but not just printed in America. Same same thing. We go all the way back. OG to the roots. The seeds, the seeds of the plant that made the seeds all made and planted grown, sewn in America. Everything. American made denim. There's some leather in there. There's a lot of, not awesome materials, but you got boots, you got jeans, you got jiu-jitsu stuff. You got a lot of stuff from jiu-jitsu stuff. There's a couple places where they mention that's kind of training was going on. They're all going to do. Back there. Like, can you just imagine these guys like, hey, we're gonna train you in demolitions, blowing things up underwater, swimming, small boat handling, jiu-jitsu, they're doing it all. So get some of that origin USA.com. I'll sit out some boots at camp. Hey, look, I'm not gonna go into it. Put those or some, you like it, please. Yeah. Impressive. I don't even really wear that many, or boots on that many occasions, but down I was like, that could coerce me into wearing boots. Look at jiu. As far as coercion goes. Yeah. Orgian us a dot com. But okay. Also, joc was a store. It's called joclostaur in this where you can get your discipline. You go free to stuff. Hat's hoodies. Shirts. Also good. Also other stuff. This good stuff on there. I'm a little development's going on over there. Anyway, joclostaur.com. I'm going to you like you're on the top secret mission. You like something. You can get out of the National Archives. One echo is creating over here. It's it's top secret until you go there. Then it's like boom secret is real secret. But you go on the website. Yes sir. I'm able to do everybody. But they can reveal your new shirt. Oh, yeah. You're shirtlock. Oh, you like that. Because we're making the shirtlock. The shirtlock if you want a cool t-shirt that. And this is this is what I've leaned toward the whole time is shirts that are kind of tied to the podcast. And this is one of them right here. The C wolves. 1966 and 1972. By the way, commissioned in combat, decommissioned in combat. That's the C wolves. You heard about them today. If they will go and get the seals out of the worst possible situation, gunfire. Don't care. So how do you get that shirt? Sure. Walker. Yes sir. The one of the omages to the seawalls. Yeah, very much. Oh, you can get this at the shirtlocker on Jockel store. So yeah, you sign up for the shirtlock and you get a cool shirt. Cool. It's hard for me to explain how cool it is. Very young levels of creativity. Either way, it's cool shirt. You get one every month free shipping on that one as well. This is just one of them. I got a new feature that we're working on. It should be done. It should be done within the next. I don't know. But if you remember the shirtlocker, hey, you look, you missed the shirt. Last month, five months ago, whatever. You have the option to get it. If you remember. Oh, you work that on that one. The last yes. Very nice. This is the shirt. I'm glad you like it. Jockel seems, you know, people seem to like the designs overall. You know, they just want to go and play. Yeah. I get a bet. People like that one. A lot. I like that one a lot. Well, because I'm a supporter of the C wolves. It's more ample C wolves. Hey, subscribe also to this podcast. We also have some other podcasts unraveling that I do with my brother DC Darrell Cooper. We got the grounded podcast. We got the warrior kid podcast. We also have Jockel underground.com, which we release a little what's it called, a little alternative podcast, a little complimentary podcast where we talk about some other adjacent items and that we do some Q and A. And the reason we have that is in case these platforms, which we do not control, which we don't like. We want to be in control. So that we can deliver. And if people start inserting advertisements into this podcast, we know you don't want that. We don't want it. We'd rather have you listen to a 74 minute advertisement at the end where echo Charles is talking. Hey, $8.18 a month if you want to help us out with the Jockel underground.com. If you can't afford it, no factor. We, we, we're in this together. Email assistance at jockel underground.com. Plus, have a YouTube channel. Subscribe to that. We make awesome videos where I am the assistant director. And really the driving sort of creative force behind the awesomeness of most of the videos and then echo does some editing for it. Thank you. You're doing great work. Thank you. Or do you say also? Or do you say cool channel YouTube channel? Oh yeah, fully. Yeah, that's a good one. If you're interested in an American company, they're up to downs, challenges, successes. Yeah, that's a really good one. The whole idea. No, also psychological warfare. What that is is an album with Jockel tracks on it. Tracks on the album of Jockel talking, getting us through our moments of weakness, which we may or may not have. You know, you can get that anywhere where you can get MP3's psychological warfare. Good on. If you want something to hang on your wall, which you probably do, you don't just want to have walls that are just playing a black YouTube. Well, I guess I do, but if I didn't, then I would go to flipsidecampus.com. And I would get some cool stuff from my brother Dakota Meyer who makes awesome stuff to hang on your wall. Got a bunch of books. Look, this book today by Water Beneath the Walls by Ben Milligan. This is an outstanding book. It is an outstanding book. I can't I don't know what else to tell you. Get this book. It's so good. So much information. So much history. If you have any interest, if you listen to this podcast, let me put it this way. If you listen to this podcast, you will freaking love this book. I love this book. It is awesome. Get it. The it's just an outstanding. Also, I have final spin coming out. This is a novel apparently allegedly possibly a novel written by me. It's a story. It's available now for pre-order. You want to get that first edition. I have people coming up to me now. They're they're all apologetic because they're bringing me second edition of this book. Because read them. Bring second edition of Leadership Strategy and Tech is good. You don't want to be that person. You don't have that that that sort of sunk and look on your face. You want to say, I'm in the game. Hey, we have a little connection. You got that first edition. We have a little connection. I'm not saying don't talk to me if you have a second edition. It's okay. Look, I have an open mind. But if you want to be want to have that immediate connection, let's get that going. Leadership Strategy and Tech is field manual. The code evaluation of protocols, discipline, equals freedom field manual. Way the warrior kid 1, 2, 3, and 4. My king, the dragons. About face by hack worth. Almost brought that up today. I almost brought that up today. But you know, once you open that door, who knows when you're stopping? Because he's got now that I think about it. I didn't even mention this. He's got it in here. What hack worth. Hack worth was running the tiger force. I can't believe I didn't bring that up. I'm sorry, Ben. I missed the. There's so much, think about how much information is in there that I didn't bring up hack worth. That's crazy. That's crazy. So he's got hack worth tiger force. What happened to them? Why did they come about? How did they do? Why did they get turned off? There's a whole story behind it. Once again, that's that's by water beneath the walls by Ben Milligan. About face. I wrote the forward to the newest version of that. We got extreme ownership and that they caught a me a leadership. I have a leadership consulting company called National Front. We saw problems through leadership. Go to echelonfront.com for details on that. That's where you can find out about the master that field training exercises. EF battlefield. We have an event coming up in Las Vegas October 28th and 29th. It's called the master coming get it. We also have the FTX field training exercise. That's happening. Next one is in St. Louis, September 20th and 21st. Probably it closes all down. I think we had a group of people that couldn't make it so there might be some openings. Check it out. Go to go to go to echelonfront.com. We also have online training, an online leadership training academy. You need to go to the gym to stay in shape. You need to go to extreme ownership.com to keep your leadership in shape. Comment check it out. If you want to help service members active and retired their families, gold star families, check out Mark Lee's mom, Mamalee. She's got a charity organization. She does all kinds of incredible things for veterans. And if you want to donate or you want to get involved, go to americazmightywariers.org. And if you want any more of my monotonous monotony monotone, or you need more of Echos mystified members, you can find us on the other web's Twitter on the Graham and on Facebook. Echo is ad equitrals and I am at jocca wheeling and Ben Milligan is on Twitter at Ben H. Milligan and his Instagram is or the Ben Mill 3. I don't know. Let's rewind it. It's B. Milligan. 3. There you go. M-I-L-L-I-G-A-N. Again, thanks once again to Ben for your service and the neighbor, your service and the teams and now your incredible service to the teams. By writing this incredible book that will solidify our roots, our culture and our history. Can't thank you enough and to all the military personnel out there on the front lines right now. Thank you for defending our freedom and our way of life and to police and law enforcement firefighters, paramedics and EMTs, dispatchers, correctional officers, board of patrol secret service and all first responders. Thanks for keeping us safe here at home. And everyone else out there. How about we all take a little lesson from these frog men? How about we develop and embrace a collective value system that emphasizes physical, hardiness and courage and attitude that can press on through pain and suffering, a humble intellect that can adapt and overcome a discipline that's unbreakable and an unwavering commitment to accomplish the mission. That is the way of the frog men. And that is an ideal example to follow and the one that I wake up and face every day. To hold the line. And until next time, the Zekko and Joko out.