 This is Jockel Podcast number 86 with echo Charles and me Jockel Willink Good evening echo good evening and it has been a little while since we got down to some Q&A sure and on top of that On the social media I have not been as As responsive as I normally am I've had to prioritize and execute a bunch of other things Things like master things like books that are due Things like that so And a bunch of travel and a bunch of work with echelon front etc etc So but I do get the questions. I read the questions. I read the I read if you post something and you tag me in it on Twitter Or you put a comment on Instagram. I read it 100% yeah, I read it But lately and normally I would like everything that I see sure I would like just so you know hey I saw it down got you yeah, I'm here. I heard you But lately I haven't even will do that. So so I've just been I read it move read it move read it move But if there's a good question comes up I Copy it. I paste it. I put it in the in the question bank and Then when we get to do a Q&A we answer the questions that I think either they get asked a bunch You know, so I've seen a little question four or five times that type of question yeah Or just a unique question that I think a lot of people can benefit from and that's where we end up with so today Q&A And let's rock and roll first question I do want to add that on Twitter So seed also You know you say you like everything you know, yes certain things sometimes They don't necessarily warrant like you like you know, they require an answer, you know like you can't like Like let's say someone has this like really trying time or something and they say something or whatever and it's a question Like hey, how do I get through this you can't just like it and move on okay, I can't do that so what what I do in those situations is I like it I copy the question and I put it in the question bank. Okay, so your like is my like is Serious meanings my like does not mean like yeah, yeah, yeah, my like means Receive gotcha. Yes, yeah, and and and it is a heart Yeah, which I the heimately disagree disapprove of and disagree riff you know like hearts no No, I'm not No, no hearts It's world right so But I do it's my way of saying I read it, but what I'm saying is It's saying that I'm read it and telling you that right at this the past like week I've read everything I always read everything but I haven't even liked them because I haven't had time to start liking them I think yes because If I like it that tells me that I've gone through it and if I had to pull something from it It's how I keep track of what I've read and what ever not just what I've read it's how I keep track of what I have Extracted Purt and information from yeah I might have to start doing the opposite only like something if I want to go back to it. Oh, yeah, like a bookmark Yeah, maybe I'll start doing that. But anyways if you're out there. I'm reading your messages your tweets Your posts right and appreciate it. It's all good feedback. It's awesome. Yeah But sometimes you get yours you're in the initial post will say and maybe I'm in there Maybe some other people and then other people chime in then it starts to morph into this conversation between two other people Yeah, you can't really like those necessary I mean you can't usually do but just to keep track of where I am just like like like like like the bookmark. Yeah to bookmark so this you talking right now is just one big mass like Yes, hey guys are ready. Here's you for all your lives. Yes. I like like you all I mean I like you all because some of your comments are don't like yeah. I still like them though. Yeah Verb like yeah, yeah, yeah, I like a press like even though you said something I don't agree with So I still like like like like that you express yourself. Yeah, kind of it. So even if I hate what you said You still get a little heart There you go. They should have one that's an eye like a picture of an eye like I've seen this that sort of means And I all right right now. I saw this I saw this. I saw this and then you could say like and you should have a thumbs down Dislike yeah like on YouTube. Yeah, yeah Either way. There you go. All right first question. Hey, Jocco. I'm a 35 year old and have a physically demanding job I've been a dry waller for about 14 years Work about 8 to 10 hours a day when it comes to working out. I'm finding it really hard to maintain discipline to continue as it seems as It seems I burn out I'll have two boys under the age of four so I sleep like you do I can't even I'm wondering if I'm just being a pussy and need to push through the burnout or take a different approach to working out When I burn out my body just feels weird As well as my head I tend to get depressed and find it hard to even go to work Just throwing this out there for maybe some tips to get over this so I can stay focused and consistent Thanks cool Okay, so hanging drywall. You haven't hung drywall before? No, yes, no, but yes, okay I don't know what that answer means I've been in a drywall hanging scenario yes, but I didn't do the scene of the drywall. Okay. Yeah, that does not qualify Call me if you've seen it being done I appreciate what you're trying to say but that does work hanging drywall is hard work. Yes, it uses a bunch of different Muscles in your body and of course when you get better at it because I'm not good at it when I when I hung drywall when I hang drywall If I'm doing a project, I'm not good at it. Yeah, if you see someone that's good at like this guy That's been hanging drywall for 14 years. He's a master. Yeah, he's he's holding one hand slapping nails I mean, he's or drywall screws on stills guys work on stills. You've seen that before no, no, so good drywall They're on stills because they don't they're just boom slapping it up there So but it's hard you're doing you're basically doing a clean kind of pull the the drywall up You're pushing it up your using your grip strength and the drywall Then you're doing the overhead presses because you drywall ceilings Sometimes so and it's eight to ten hours plus not to mention you're you're bending down picking stuff up all day So it's eight to ten hours of squats Cleans and overhead presses with grip work. So you're doing that eight to ten hours a day. So You're getting good physical work throughout the day now Oh, look man if you're that drained then first of all, let's check the diet Let's make sure that we're not on the job site and the donut truck arrives and you're you're going belly up the donut truck With a monster four monster energy drinks like to keep you going through day. That's gonna hurt you So check the diet. It's the good thing is check the diet and then if you have to just bring your food Don't let you know Your bro that's gonna run down to make you these to grab lunch because you didn't pack anything That's gonna jack you up So all that stuff will make you feel week and Out of sorts and all that that being said still you're working hard all day you're doing hard physical labor all day You also I mean you can see construction workers or drywalls you can see people that are do that hard labor all day And they don't look like they're in shape right? They're maybe they're fat maybe they're just they don't look like they're in shape Well, that's because they're diet sucks Generally they're coming home and they're getting on their they're 12 pack of beer and pizza So Get your diet make sure you're done. It's good to go and then what I would do is and I've worked some trucks before and We're even made projects on my house where I'm working all day long Remodeling pulling down drywall, putting up drywall demo in rooms whatever I still do we work out now what you're gonna do though is do something that is going to complement What you've done during the day so you're getting some pretty good strength for work at this point You're getting you know you're getting clean your grip work. You're doing all this this hard work I'll all throughout the day so maybe what you need to do is do some more Cardiovascular at night or maybe it's just like a really good stretching routine because you got your strength And you got your cardio during the day like if I think about how much I sweat when I'm working on a house project I'm gonna full athletic sweat, so that means I'm working hard So Find what can you do that's gonna complement the the conditioning that you're getting from your actual labor and Maybe in your case it might just be like straight-up mobility it might be straight-up mobility like hey You're just doing some good stretching you're doing some mobility wand That's mobility work out of the day you can go to that website They got really good stuff on there to loosen up and make sure you're staying remember because the another thing you find with construction guys is They end up with some you know with a bad back with a bad they get you know Ten to night is from swinging a hammer all day or holding it so you can get those kind of use over-use injuries and Yeah, so I would look at what you can do that's gonna complement that also maybe you feel like You maybe you just need to do some heavy lifting because you're lifting something little all day You know you lift and dry all day so you get in some good endurance muscular endurance But maybe just come home and do do of couple sets of heavy deadlifts or couple sets of heavy squats and if the other thing here is like when we're on deployment When I was back in the when I was in the military when we were on deployment We wouldn't be doing workouts that are gonna give you The four days of blade on set muscular soreness right? You're not gonna put you in the pain locker where hey, I did squats yesterday. Oh echo just got shot I can't help him right do tired Do sore broken someone grab echo because my legs are super sore my gloves are hurting from front squats yesterday Yeah, so that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about doing some something that's heavy But it's quick and you're not you know You're not going crazy and doing so many sets that you're gonna build up all kind of lactic acid and make your legs all sore So maybe it's something that but I would say explore all that look what you can find that's gonna make you That's gonna compliment you what you do work and also you could look some jjitsu You know look at some jjitsu jjitsu although at first It's a crazy muscular workout a full body workout like you've never had before Yeah, because you're resisting every part of your movement and you'll be sore your entire body But then as you get better at it you can relax more that takes like a year or a half maybe even two years before you can really start to relax The thing that's cool about that for you is you got two kids under the age of four So maybe in two or three years they're ready to start training too now You got a little something to share with them little bit of jjitsu so yeah, don't kill yourself find something that compliments your work and If that's just stretching band just stretch yeah and maybe you don't know how you do it when I was a team two Team two we used to run all the time it was Every day it was like oh Monday PT in a run Tuesday Swimming around Wednesday obstacle course and the run on yeah Thursday I forget what it was and then Friday was a long run It was like a 12 mile run or 10 mile run on Fridays So what I would do is I would get done with work on Friday or get done with the PT on Friday and usually would be like half half day Frogman Friday Frogman Friday gets some pre-war no war going on guess what you're doing Friday afternoon in the dreams You're gonna go you know get after with your boys In the bar in the bar sure. Yeah frogman Friday frogman Friday The end frogman Friday kind of in a way once September 11th happened So this is pre-September 11th frogman Friday So we get done with work at you know noon and I would it's Friday go down and hit my squats and then so Friday I'd heal up Saturday and Sunday back to work on Sunday ready rock and roll So maybe you hit just do a good workout on Friday Yeah, good hard workout on Friday heal up over the weekend you're feeling good Monday back in the game Yeah hard labor Yeah requires something a little bit different yeah Then those of you that are sitting at a desk looking at a computer screen like echo Charles Yeah, you can do a different kind of workout when you do that all day for sure You mentioned the diet I would say with 99% certainty. I would say I don't know everybody right understand that 99% certainty that If you have a good diet not even of Immaculate that a good diet and you're working drywall construction moving as you know I used to be a mover for a little bit. Yeah, if you have a good diet that mean you watched moving Yeah Apparently you're mind that qualifies for you know just total victory. Yeah, I'm proud. Oh, it's anyway. Oh, yeah, I know you're an actual one Yeah, but get credit. I wasn't the best mover. I was one. I'm anyway. That's a that's a whole other thing anyway If you have a good diet and you're doing this kind of work That is your workout essentially and it's a long one. It's probably a hard to work out than most people's normal workout Yes, you do and that's the thing you're so right because when you're working eight ten hours a day There's a lot of work to be done. So your lunch break is like Dang this is I'm gonna go to get some delicious, you know to this food truck right here or this you know McDonald Well, wherever wherever. It's not you know you but you get a good diet with this kind of stuff You essentially have a great workout along with a good diet. You're gonna get results just that yeah And in a way you won't even really have to do these supplemental workouts unless you have different goals so if you're like Okay, I'm just gonna do my work. I'm gonna have a good diet and then I stretch afterwards, which is a such a good idea Yeah, yeah, I'm all day same motion all day stretch, you know get all that but you'll be way better You'll feel way better too. You'll be surprised how much how much easier the work becomes Yeah, and also maybe there's like I said you need to look for what compliments it Yeah, so with drywall. I don't I don't know you know, it's probably not dead lifting because you're left lifting stuff all day But maybe it's just like some hardcore like ab Core strength that you're gonna work. You're gonna you know and that's gonna strengthen your lower back It's gonna offset all the pressure that you put in your back all day. So maybe it's that maybe it's You know pull ups because you're not really pulling yourself up. Yeah, so so maybe you're doing two workouts Maybe you're doing like one workout on Fridays. You're doing abs and pull ups And then during the week you're doing a 20 minute stretch session yeah to really make sure your hips are opened up Right Like them guys from 10th plan as you're Yeah, yeah, they're flexible. They're flexible That's that you have to be you have to be able to do lotus to get your black belt from Eddie Bravo I can't do the lotus. I can't get my black belt from Eddie Bravo. No, no, no, you can't No, sorry bro. I should be able to do that at some point Deep depends on what you mean by should but yeah, man cool do the lotus and work on that and you know report back But yeah, the diet thing. I think the diet thing that's gonna be 75 if not more percent people love you. You know, they say you don't sleep enough and how good? How do you not see? Don't eat crap. You don't need as much sleep. Yeah, check that out give that one a try Yeah, and listen, let's face it. There's people can be different with Yeah, requirements. You're a sister. You know like if I said hey, jocco You're imprisoned for I don't know whatever and you have eight hours of sleep. Yeah, no sleep for eight hours. We tried that I don't know if you can do that. I pull it on the ship multiple times free ship board deployments as a seal And when you're a seal on a ship you have no job. You know like the guys that are the guys that are in the regular Navy that are driving the ship and Maintaining the ship and steering the ship and all that they have a job. We have no job. Yeah, yeah, and so what we could either sleep Eat or lift and that's a waste to see you'll stood for sleep eat and lift But some guys Which sleep a lot? I wouldn't sleep a lot. We get some guys that had sleep disorders There was a guy that slept for like 29 hours But then you need to wake up and stay awake for 32 hours and then he'd go back to bed for yeah, it was kind of weird Well, he's circadian rhythm was well. Yeah, and then that happens to want a ship because you can stay inside the ship with no son for Forever if you want to That's jamming We used to go out as much as we could on the deck of the ship. Yeah Get a son, 10 No, do PT sure that too But yeah, I think you yeah, you sleep different and you know some eight hour and actually I've done this thing where I got used to only getting like six six and a half and it it started to work like I Sort of leave them you know, I didn't like that I tried to go back to actually I only get six maybe seven now anyway Because we kids think anyway The diet I think will I for real think I believe this yeah, we a fact something five percent or more Solution to the whole problem yeah the diet clean up the diet. He's good Bring your lunch. Yeah stay away from the Mickey D's Yeah, stay with me Don't but again, man, that's that is hard though Consider it yeah, yeah, yeah, it's hard due because you're tired. It's a cycle that you start going now Yeah, because you were tired when you got home so you didn't make any food for the net next day So that means you brought something crappy or you bought fast food and now you ate the fast food Which makes you feel bad which means you get home your tires Which means you don't make lunch for the next day which means you're on the best bad cycle Yeah, and that's not to mention the pleasure part of it because again this hard work I need some relief from this hard work work on my lunch break So it's like some dark chocolate Yeah, maybe right like bring some chocolate milk Yeah, take it taste good and it's good for you. Well Are you believe we'll say arguably it's not as bad for you as a mountain do yeah or a pizza by the slice from the Drop the food truck. Yeah, and that's usually what it is man take for me. I know All right, cool next question by the way that was one question. We're 20 minutes deep All right, man. We got to get to the bottom of these things. I think that'll help though I think so because look if you'd if let's say if you think oh yeah Maybe I'll change my diet, but you know what okay? I'll maybe I will maybe I won't I'll just kind of focus on the workout part of it Yeah, bro you You can go And one time I was like I didn't do any cardio I just kind of lifted and whatever my diet was not all that and sure I was I was being strong I went to the doctor. They said you're your cholesterol thing, you know some stuff on the inside. I was super unhealthy you was like you're unhealthy I'm all being in strong. I was like wait sir, but I can banch a lot I'm like pro that doesn't matter so you can hang drywall all day all day and dang that's some good endurance if you can do that all day every day for 14 years by the way And be like oh unhealthy because you ate wrong you don't jam you up that bad Clean up the diet. Yeah, good news clean up the diet next in the whole situation next question. How do you in stress? How do you install pride back into an Individual and ultimately a battalion? I'm on my 17th year serving in the British army. I've been in my role for about a decade and I'm about to move on to a different job Recently I've came out of my platoon bubble and notice there are numerous issues. I've identified and I'm looking to help my COC in fixing it All right, so you aren't still pride back into Battalion into a unit into an individual in my opinion Pride comes from hard work Pride comes from discipline Pride comes from performance and pride comes from winning and how do you win you win from Hard work you win from discipline. So that's the cycle you work hard you stay disciplined that makes you start to perform that makes you start to win When you start to win you get pride and Of course there's a dichotomy there too because you can work your guys too hard Right you can do that So you have to balance it then it's funny actually lay foot stalker about this. I think it I don't know if it was a we were with a company And he was saying when we formed up task unit bruiser We worked hard We worked a lot harder than normal task units worked we stayed later at work we came in earlier And you know he was saying hey when we first the first like month we were together and and Jockel's got everyone coming in early and all this stuff and people are grumbling about it and why do we got to do this extra stuff? And he's today's like others people are grumbling about but then once we started going through training in our performance was above our peers Then all of a sudden it turned from grumbling to like pride So That's then then the guys they stopped complaining and they start bragging Yeah, because you know what where to you bruise or you know of course you're not at work Because your your task unit is weak We are strong you are weak get away from us. We don't want to be associated with you So you start getting that which is you know pride So I think that's what you got to do you got to instill the hard work the discipline in your team It'll hurt a little bit at first you got to make sure you don't go overboard with it and That'll get you what you want if you need further References on that read a book called steal my soldier's heart by Colonel David Hacworth or read about face by Colonel David Hacworth He talks about this. This he takes the takes battalion his battalion Vietnam with no pride and turns them into People with a ton of pride. How does he do it? Makes more card. Makes him have discipline and then they take pride and what they're doing Lead by example. Yes, yes, and Hacworth He doesn't change everything at once. He doesn't come in and just go crazy He starts changing important small things couple of days. I think literally he says two a day To change two things a day But he did start off with a big thing If you remember this he checked in this battalion guys have radios guys have guitars guys have Little bars set up they got all this crap He was a everything that you can't fit in a rucksack tomorrow morning in the middle of the compound here and we're getting rid of it So that was a big wake-up call for everyone But it was a it was a wake-up call and also it was why are we doing this? What were doing this so that we can move When we move we won't get hit at night. We'll get hit at night. We won't lose anybody So Yeah, good stuff make sense Next one Sorry for the English I'm French that's a disclaimer How can a man that has not grown up with the confidence and trusting male role models and mentors Sort of anti uncle Jake persons only intellectual I'm saying this without disrespect to these people How can they become a confident man and develop the necessary man skills quote unquote? Okay, it's interesting you can say man skills in quotes And I think we pretty much know what that means right yes like we know what that means so so How do you do that you don't have any positive role model around you that's like an uncle Jake Which by the way most people don't have an uncle Jake. Yeah, that's not normal to have uncle Jake Most people you got what you got and in this case he's saying he's got likes the intellectuals so you know My parents were college professors and they don't have any of these skills and they sit around and talk about Philosophy right now I ended up I can talk about philosophy well but I can't fix my car or I can't defend myself in a combat scenario in the streets So what are you gonna do okay? This is real simple go do things go do things Lift start lifting weights Loading how to deadlift learn how to squat That's that's part about being a man right sure physically. Yeah physically strong Learning some jiu-jitsu I recommend that probably could have guessed that one yeah learning how to fight Learning how to defend yourself. I just got asked this the other day kid came up to me. He's like what should I do if I get intimidated by other people and I or I don't know how to react when people like get in my face And I said do you change your jiu-jitsu no start trying to jiu-jitsu But then what I'm gonna fight everyone no no no no you don't have to because you already know you can beat them up right now If they attack you yeah, you can beat them up but if they are just getting in your face and try to punk you And you look at them and go pay if you want to do this. Let's do this, but I don't care. I know you can come to my gym. I'll choke you out Train some jiu-jitsu So we got that one run hike Sprint climb Build things Start building things rewire things Do some plumbing These things are not They're they're not impossible to do now it's gonna take you longer right like I've rewired my parts my house I've replummed parts my house so don't all the plumbing in parts my house now if you watch a skilled Electrition do what I'm doing it would literally take him One eight of the time maybe one quarter of the time because or like the drywall or we were talking about early a good drywall or They are like masters a good electrician masters a good plumber their smooth Me it's gonna take a while sure so but but what I'm saying is it's not impossible. Yeah, it's not impossible to do And it'll take you more time, but you're learning how to do it and That gives you What does that give you it gives you this self-reliance right hey? I can fix my Electrical outlet if I need to So those are good things work on your car change your oil whatever do those things and and again those things like I So I took electricity Class in high school sure where we learned how to wire rooms and everything that what it's called electricity class I took electricity with Scotty was the teacher's name sure wait you call them Scotty everyone called him Scotty He was an older guy his name was Scotty we all call them Scotty so Scotty But we we learn how to wash wire houses and all that Well, I didn't remember any that When I was now 20 years later or 15 years later. I'm rewiring my kitchen where I which I ripped out of my house Okay, so what did I do you know what I did went down to home depot I bought a book Called electrical wiring and I read through it and I had followed the directions same thing with plumbing yeah go down by a book Called how to do plumbing and You do it and it and the good thing about this stuff is It's very satisfying to do that kind of work. Yeah. It's very satisfying to do it and you can overengineer things You make things super solid in your own house super secure super Yeah, you can just kind of go the extra distance because it's your own your own house So that's cool So those are all physical things and some kind of knowledge things that you can start working on What the hardest thing to overcome here is like a level of embarrassment Yeah, right? How so like I don't know anything about wiring. Oh, yeah, yeah, you know I don't I'm embarrassed to say I don't know anything about wiring. Yeah, and so people don't want to say anything So they'd rather just say hey, what's getting electricity in here to figure this one out. Yeah, or hey I was good. Yeah, so they're to tune bearers But if you have time do you yourself yeah and don't be embarrassed about it? Like hey, I'm wondering why am I catching to have no idea what I'm doing. Give me this book. Yeah, what I need to get oh give me some tools It's good to have good tools yeah Also, so that's that's like I said those are things that you can do you know I'm gonna shoot you know, I'm gonna shoot that's a good good skill to have Also read right read About history read about survival read about the world read about human beings under Dress read Read books Good books About good stuff About challenges. It's and then just like Mark in way the warrior kid He doesn't know his time stables. Yes to learn them you have to go learn all this stuff. I'm talking you have to go learn and with with time your confidence is gonna grow and From humility You'll grow into being more confident now you also say you don't have any mentors Or role models around you. That's okay because those mental mentors and role models are in books and you can find them You can I just talk about David Hacker good mentor to have a mad and you can have a guy a guy wrote you a 1000 page book One how to lead and it's for you That's pretty awesome Beyond band of brothers by Dick Winners. Mm-hmm guess what here's a guy That was the in charge of The band of brothers in Normandy and he wrote a book for you It's a learn how to lead so those are some examples and Like I said most the books that we've covered on this bar many of the books that we cover on this podcast and give you a mentor better than anyone could possibly hope for So you can get it there, but and and we mostly cover war books, but there's books about all kinds of People that can be virtual mentors so Read study do That's my advice on that one. Yeah, that physically strong thing is in my opinion a big deal because especially what with You know intellectual types and that kind of environment Since that's not really a priority a lot of the time Use ten to you know how like you're not into something so you kind of shun it as Yeah, you know like space and I've seen this I'm not saying all the time, but you know sometimes the In fact, I don't like takedowns so I'm not gonna do them and then you think of all the reasons why you don't need to do it Yeah, and how guys focus to you know or whatever so in intellectual circle We'll see yeah those circles sometimes You be like oh yeah those meatheads or whatever, you know, they just they'll shun it are you saying to do about that issue on No, yeah, no, no, I don't think so actually But they'll do that and then they'll be these physically frail people But since they they're in their mind smarter than everyone they feel like they have the one up in their kind of there's an element of satisfaction there Yeah, but At the end of the day you're physically weak Yeah, it comes down there and I think most of the time I think I don't know but it seems like most of the time No, have these feelings like this guy asked right here like yeah man How can I develop because I feel it yeah yeah, unless they just want to be in denial Right, that's what exactly and also and by the way the same thing happens in the reverse Right, oh guys that's just a meathead He shuns and and disrespect or disregard the intellectual side of things and That is this that is equally as bad because they're not they don't know what's going on They're not knowledgeable. They're not learning they don't understand the world in a clear way So find the balance between those two things yeah, and what's great is those things are not mutually exclusive like you don't have to just be a meathead Or just have to be a bookworm right you can do both there's plenty of time of the day to do both be a A smart ass guy with a big deadlift. That's a good thing I'm trying to be that guy Not there yet, but I'm working on it. Yeah, and then that one level up which is the juitsu part of it Did you just think too I think about you did you do combine the intellectual piece with the physical piece yeah in a way You can kind of I would I'm not recommending this at all in fact I'm against this, but this is the nature of juitsu You don't have to be that like you don't have to have a big deadlift to dominate in jujitsu You don't have to do any of that so you can essentially overcome the physical part of it Even though you just do physical, but it's like you don't have to you know overcommon physical part of it for it To appoint yeah, yeah in everyday life. I mean you you're trying to you're trying to be the guy like if someone's better than you had jujitsu Training room it really bothers you Are you talking about you everyone or you talking about me you jokka doesn't bother me well Let's say it motivate. I don't know you like it doesn't bother me right right right. I mean Like for instance, I train with Dean Lestrol with him. Yeah, he's better at me than jujitsu right I every day want to train with him right so it doesn't bother me. Yes, it's not bother but like what a no compels you Like compels me. Yeah, you know, but maybe it does like I hate it at the end The other deep-duck deep-duck deep-duck. He depends on what you mean, but rather it's all your I hate it. I do I hate it and I love it and we were just joking about the other day because we got into a little scrap yesterday You know kind of end-a-training and all of a sudden things got escalated and there was some shouting going on and Shouting shouting. Yeah, yeah, you know, he was saying what he says and I was saying what I say and But we had a you know, we had a mutual truth at the end. We I think he didn't really want new more I didn't really want new more so we just kind of Let's let's laugh and call it good Because you're you're rolling the dice when I'm all the dean. There's there's a dice roll happening because if he ends up in a good position on me There's gonna be pain. There's gonna be pain if I end up a good position on him There's gonna be pain so I think both of us we got away a little bit unscathed neither one of us got a really good position And we got back up to my feet and then we both kind of just had a mutual Agreement on unspoken agreement that we were done for the day That happened but the point there being is in almost like in this weird way You know how like intellectually you can excel so you can kind of find it justifiable to avoid the physical part of it It's almost like you could almost say the same thing about jiu-jitsu you could still be Effective in defend yourself without be physically strong necessarily, but but my point is that there's a limitation to that Yeah, you can be you can be you can be unbelievable at jiu-jitsu But if you're really really weak and you go against someone that's really good at jiu-jitsu But they're a hell of a lot stronger than you. Yeah, you're gonna have some issues. Right, yeah, and that goes for everything You gotta be both. Yeah, I do lean that's ultimately the main point is just like how intellectually you can be You know a black belt and you can sort in a way get away with not necessarily being And vice versa and then jiu-jitsu is like that third element you didn't sort of get away with not being super strong But still be effective in jiu-jitsu, you know, I mean so yeah, I do it just like some random in the middle Yeah, get get that balance I hear yourself but being able to defend yourself is a whole other thing than being physically strong At you know seems obvious, but when you go through life, I think it's not because you get these like big jack guys and it's like no one wants to mess with him Well Bro, this medium to small guy who knows jiu-jitsu or knows these you know for real fighting stuff is way more of a I don't want to say dangerous, but yeah, ultimately way more dangerous than this big jack guy who can lift a lot for sure So it's that third element that are kind of like weird when you're all of somebody that's super jacked and they don't know jiu-jitsu Yes, and it's amazing. It's it's it's it's like amazing. Yeah, you just think yourself how was this happening? Yeah, this is the magical power. Yeah, because you look at a big jack guy You're human instincts Tell you look out. Yeah, he's gonna that person is stronger than you You know watch out But when you know jiu-jitsu Yeah, you don't and eventually you realize you don't even have that anymore. Yeah, you know everyone you're looking at thinking Wait, you don't have well. Oh, you don't have that in that it's a fear. Yeah, I have that instinctive fear Although you're still you you know my first thought when I look at someone was like do they train or not? Yeah, do they train or not if they train? We we may have issues This could be a problem if they don't train no factor. Yeah, no train no factor. Yeah, if they train May have a factor. That's why I got to work out hard. So I'd be strong. Yeah Yeah, you know you know because they might be coming to take my lunch money. Maybe right? Don't want that. Oh, how's this? Last night Literally last night. I didn't see do you train last night. I did not train last night. Oh, oh This is where real world um experience So you know the five gallon jugs of water, you know those being you put in a water cooler Whatever, so there's like a little refilling thing that I went to. It was like nice talk the story before No, there's another this happened last night So hazardous duty. I know water refilling it But the jugs yeah, I bet okay. I mentioned I do that. Okay. So last night when I was doing now I was refilling the jugs um you know I go and storm coming out walking to my truck to get the empty jugs to go to the little thing As I'm walking to my truck a car pulls up right next to the water filling thing There's a what's called a red box, you know what that is a DB-red Yeah, so Carpool's up a kid maybe 12 years old jumps out of the car. He starts like it was a yoke to do it No normal kid whatever and From in the car this thing male probably is dead Some of Maybe stepdad really and Immediately the dad started yelling at him Just put it in the thing and just to the point where I thought he was kind of joking Where because all joking my daughter like that. Yeah, you kind of like how you'll do sometimes Yeah, you'll get it but and it sounded like a joke What I was like probably sky serious and the kid is like you could tell he was kind of used to it You know he was like I am I'm doing I'm trying you know whatever whatever and that kind of whole parking lot could hear yeah, and this at nighttime To give you a setting so I'm walking to my truck. I'm like bro if I get to this place and this guy's still there Not even yell-yams there. I'm gonna have to say something not be a dick not be like hey Don't talk to it like that. I'm gonna try to solve this problem. I'd be like hey this kid you know whatever I had this little thing Before I knew jiu jitsu or anything like that I wouldn't have messed with it I would have even been like bigger whatever and strong. I would have been like oh man That's all yeah Yeah, you know, but man. I was like man. I'm gonna do this like grabbed it and they they left so I didn't get the opportunity But I'm just saying these are things that Can happen on varying levels every day and if you're in intellectual that not I'm not saying if you're an intellectual But if you don't have these elements of whether be skill or yeah knowledge or whatever like those things mess with you You know Yeah, I mean I mean you get to and when I figured out what jiu jitsu was when master chief Steve Bailey choked me and he was He was a old man at the time probably three years younger than I am And I was thinking myself how this how this guy just do this to me that's insane That's completely insane. I need to learn whatever he knows Teach to me whatever you know because I don't want to feel that way ever Bro, and then you're training it like let's say you train for five years for five years you're training not It gets people who don't know you're training against people who do you know yeah Dangerous people who do know like how to defend your shit and then you go in the real world Yeah, you this guy has no idea how much control you have over and you didn't touch yeah I see yeah That's it's totally so yeah, this this whole thing where I mean you're and that you're Thing about some guy with the guy was his problem was like when people get in this face or whatever His problem wasn't getting beat up Everyone people getting your face and how you react and how you feel and stuff but that feeling gone Yeah, because you're right you're 100% right because he said he wasn't scared of fighting He was saying like I might get in trouble. He was he didn't like how we felt I felt like he should do something and he felt like a wimp basically when you know that you can destroy someone Then it doesn't matter you just think they're an idiot. Yeah, you beat them You get the strength and the skills and you actually beat them on an intellectual level So it's like a dead double gravitational effect on now All right, so yeah, yeah, if you can get those three in an intellectual Psychological whatever mental physical and skill-wise defending yourself That's a bit the three right there. It's good stuff Not just just how hard you want to hit it really you want to hit it already. I think so too. You know it's very beneficial to hit it hard Next question Choco Should someone always be detached? Okay straightforward question The answer is no Someone shouldn't always be detached because otherwise you aren't enjoying anything In your life so don't always be attached detached no but at the same time that being said You should be aware All the time if you are getting sucked into the emotional vortex right you've got to be aware of that Once you have that awareness you don't need to be attached all the time at all You can I'm not always detached at all but but I've got clear warning signs when things start going sideways And I start going down some vortex. I know immediately and I just detached So it's really easy it's but it does take practice and eventually realize that you know when you're feeling overwhelmed When you're feeling emotional and you're feeling angry you're feeling frustrated When you start feeling those things and you've sent some really quickly and you recognize them You just detach boom you're done Yeah, so that's what you got to do start recognizing those red flags so that you can enjoy the good things And when something starts getting crazy you can detach Yes, it's like an overall skill of being able to control When to detach and when you don't have to being able to identify When you need to detach then being able to detach Then you're good. Yeah, so it's like a matter of being capable of making an accurate Beneficial choice yeah, but the identification is the hard part. Yes people what happens to people when they talk to me is they go They after the fact they realized I lost my temper and I did this yeah, okay You didn't detach any time and that's why you ended up there So or I said some things to my you know my ex girlfriend that I shouldn't have said because I got too emotional Exactly you didn't detach in time You got crazy and emotional So the skill that you're missing is identifying when you're starting to get too emotional whatever that emotion might be Once you identify boom detach yeah, it's kind of like control then you can take control Yes, and make Tactical moves yeah, not emotional moves. That's ultimately the art, you know to make the move You know how like you do you two guys if they never take it? I say no, you know what the moves When you're emotionally detached the moves actually aren't that hard. They're actually usually pretty obvious Yeah, like you're you're in a fight with your girlfriend and And you're starting to go down the wrong lane as soon as you detach you go I know what I need to do Yeah, I should say I'm sorry and tell her that we can go the restaurant that you want to go to or whatever you know To me you know the moves are not actually that hard But we never make good moves when we're being emotional right instead We just go no, I don't want to go that restaurant. We went there three weeks through I don't care if I'd said that to you you deserve me to say that to you. Yeah. Yeah Yeah, that you go down the wrong path But what if somebody's like detached the whole time even when problems don't right? You know like that then we don't have a relationship Right, that's what I mean. That's a problem. That's what I'm saying So this is an opinion to that fault all the time. That's what that's the answer to the question right? So it's like you've reiterated it for everyone Yeah, man, that's what I'm doing for I think a lot of times You know, guys, I'll ask you hey, I want to learn you get to I want to learn to mess people up I think bro, that's not really what it is. Do you get to is having the skills to You know, quote unquote mess people up, but what you learn ultimately is you put yourself in a position Where you can make that decision is in time to mess them on up or not, you know, and you just have to control these Resurgeats. So that's really what most people that start with the vision of I want to build a mess people up most people Continued that that do continue on the journey of Jiu Jitsu arrive at a point where they realize that they don't want to abuse this power that they have Yeah, most people yeah, there's a small percentage of people that don't that are bullies yeah bullies when they started they become more effective bullies yeah more fearful more fear in Posing bullies yeah, which sucks But Jiu Jitsu is powered that's where you gotta have some of it. Yeah agree compare it to like a I don't know anything where it's like striking based or whatever It's like you it like I've said this for I'm not gonna go deep in it, but you go from zero to ten when you throw a strike That's already a 10. You know you can't just throw a light one and be like okay, are we? No, you know kind of thing because they're not cool. No, you just slap me in the face. We're gonna cool it all You brought it to 10. Yeah, yeah, it's funny because like I see I see my kids and and what you're talking about can happen very easily When other people are in the group with my kids. I mean because they've been training jiu jitsu so even like against any normal kid There's no factor yeah, like I see me doing my son will be wrestling around with some kid. It's no factor yeah and it's you know, it's kind of cool yeah, it's real cool. Yeah, I see little you know My kids aren't like jitsu like there's kids out there that are sick competitive jiu jitsu all the time right That's not what I'm talking about like just knowing jiu jitsu 100% correct. Yes, and but when I see kids doing jiu jitsu especially like I'm not saying in necessarily even in a tournament. I'm just saying in jiu jitsu in class I'm gonna have to beat her whatever when I see a problem like man I wish I could have done jiu jitsu. You know I'll find that would be yeah, man. Yeah, let's make up for it now I'm trying next question Jockel I've been offered a job as a deputy sheriff a few months before the position is actually open. I really want slash need to get into some jiu jitsu Do to the nature of the job close to place to me is over an hour drive away Yeah, hard hard show finances are an issue when it comes to that kind of drive plus fees to attend my main question is How do you feel about graces online school that's an option If I were to find others who want to learn would this be effective? Uh, yes, so here's what you need to do get some mats you can make mats You can get you can get a piece of canvas from home depot or piece of vinyl and string it between trees on the ground You just have mats you just made them all over grass that works. I've done it I've trained on with there's a truck called a six by in the military it's a big giant like a truck And it has you've seen this in like your typical warm movie the truck with the canvas tarp over the back Yeah, I've taken that thing off and that was my mat On top of the truck no, no, no taking it off the top of the truck you took the canvas on put it on the ground Guess what I got now? Do you jitsu mat strong put it with stakes in the ground? We're good to go to canvas, but it's good to go so you do that Then you get on YouTube you don't YouTube. You know graces you Academy Marcelo Garcia online those are really good. I would actually start with YouTube just like get some basics down get some fundamentals get you need two three four friends If you got a friend that wrestled get him in there. Oh, yeah, if you got a friend that did judo get him in there And then you just start looking at the moves and fighting each other and trying to see what works and don't go nuts on each other Trying to figure out what works. What doesn't work learn the basic concepts and then Maybe Saturdays maybe every other Saturday maybe one Saturday a month you drive an hour to this school with your buddies You go in there you say hey man, we live up and wherever an hour away from here if we give you 10 bucks We get on the mat, you know this weekend. Yeah, just for just for a couple hours. Can you can you look at what we're doing? Maybe even say hey look in the four of us get a private Will all give you 20 bucks that's 80 bucks you can make an hour coach, please So then you get some detailed training and that's gonna give you a base, you know that's I think you're best option Yeah, fully and these online You know academies and stuff that's essentially what they're made for if you can't Yeah, that's exactly how to make you can make it to academy you go to the academy. Yeah, where that academy is yeah Yeah, and I think podcast number six We talk about what to look for an edge of your academy So go back to podcast number six if you're starting to get to and you want to find a good academy go back to podcast number six It's in there. Yeah, fully and I think to start a special if you don't know You did to it all I think a lot of a started you did to with watching you have see one two three four You know, so we kind of after watching that we kind of see okay I see if you're mount if you have mount that's good. Yeah, if you're on the bottom guard if you're you know See you got a pick up. I didn't I knew what Jesus who was so I didn't get to experience Trying to learn the basic moves from seeing on a UFC so I'm taking what you're telling me as Factual and it makes some sense, but so did you actually like compute? The the positions you were like okay, that's the guards you must have watched in detail Well, you must have watched Rima but like okay that guy always crazy that guy that's wearing that white thing that white uniform Look what he's doing. He's got his legs closed around like that's what you guys were doing Essentially, but because even the announcers weren't calling it guard back then where are they? Oh, yes, there is a guy who's real nerdy guy and he was that was you see two I want to say Maybe even what I forget which one was which, but yeah, he knew and you could tell he was like kind of prideful That he would train with oriental whatever, but he got so you know, he's gonna pull him in between his guard like that's Yeah, but he knew and he'll okay. He's going to mount and it was real repetitive because he did the same thing So yeah, you you essentially if you're gonna teach him you learn guard You don't learn how to do in armor how to you know well when I teach kids sometimes I'll just say you want for like let's say a kid's been training for a day So first day you want to keep your legs around them right? Yeah, that's guard They don't even know what they're doing and then you say the other kid you want to get away from there or get around their legs Yeah, and so they just try and do it and that's a pretty cool way to start things off Very surprised at what kids will instinctively do to make things happen there. Yeah, and you even at the monster You know how you explain it just real quick like you're okay This is why it's important this is guard this one's important that's really Like the other day at there was a new girl in there or name Sarah I remember that because you know I know someone else named Sarah, but anyway At him it was time to roll round to you say hey there Adam was like hey, you know, there's some new people here No day zero days whatever Experience can you don't know teach or something you know as the rounds are going on because I didn't have a partner I didn't have came in late whatever, but so I went and I did essentially that just a crash course This is Mount this is guard this is Uh Side mouth, you know, and this is the importance of each one and then this is literally takes five minutes So I'm here's the importance of everyone and then I do a little quiz at the end I said okay boom boom we fight it's like a half speed we fight boom we fall to the ground What do you want to be and you know, so it's like a little quiz and boom right there that five minutes You learn everything that I learned from watching you have seen one two three But in the more study and you are studying them and you are trying to figure it out But yeah, you can learn it in five minutes from somebody to own it to you exactly right if that's what they're teaching you a lot of times people Go in on their first day and some some academies if they're dope They'll have an introductory class class which is kind of that it's called an introductory class But if you're like hey, then my first day let me see what I can learn then they'll learn like some You know, almost plot there something and they're like way whoa I don't know how this even makes sense to to me, you know, but if you learn that crash course or you know Even got in the mustard that's why it's so cool you you go over that and I was like dang this is cool You can leave that and now your way better off It's funny and the mustard is everyone has heard us talk about your jitsu So they have this anticipation of it being really cool and then when they connect the dots between like okay You learn the mount and then you learn the guard and then you learn the sit-up sweep and when you done with the sit-up sweep You're from the guard you're back in the mount That people like it's a miracle Yeah, it's a miracle Man, it's just the magic and it's essentially before the actual moves like doing the moves It's just you have to know what's important. What's not like if you mount on someone just by having sense You don't know what mount is or the importance of how but if you wind up on the mount you're trying to punch the guy I'm saying in the fight you're trying to punch the guy and try to do damage trying to win the fight But punching the guy is not what you should be focused on primarily it should be keeping the mountain The position yeah exactly right, but no one's gonna automatically know that's not you know you're trying to beat up the guy on my back and punch him Let me punch him but no, it's just one other many examples Next question Jocco my boss is incredibly controlling an eagle maniacor I would like him already Eagle mania come right Just I have I have attempted to use extreme ownership in dealing with the people under me But my boss has reprimanded me for leading He has said he gets he gets to do all the leading because he's the one in charge quote on quote and and his job title is higher than mine I bet that happened it may be for by the way if I could continue to try to lead my responsibilities will be taken away If I step back into the shadows, I won't make an impact on the people under me what should I do? So it's black and white yeah, right in his mind seems like you can either Step up and lead and get fired or Step in the shadows and do nothing Never suffer It's not it's not that way right. It's not it's not black and white and actually start by putting your own ego in check Because you're calling someone to ego maniacal but your your ego is being Being touched a little bit here. Yeah, I rub the wrong way a little bit because you want to lead and we get told don't lead You get in a fence you guess what that is That's your ego so What you need to do is Maybe you like the you like the feeling of being in charge That's cool. I like the feeling of being charged. Yeah, it feels good to me. It feels normal to me When I'm not in charge, I don't like it. I have to consciously suppress it Which is fine sometimes you have to do that like right in this situation here that this guy's talking about and what you need to suppress is You need to Not be so over with your leadership He shouldn't even be able to sense that you're leading but you should be leading you got to be Under the radar you got to be covert with what you're doing and by the while you're doing that your massage and homeboys ego Make him feel good about it. Making him feel not he is running things And because because you can absolutely lead from the shadows If your ego allows it because a lot of times when we want when we lead we want everyone to know that we're leading I want everyone to know that I'm in charge I want them to know that I'm the man right? That's really hard when you're leading from the shadows a lot of times not even the people that you're leading Recognize overtly that you're leading think about that so the people that are actually Following you don't even know that they're following you They don't they don't consciously know it Maybe if they were to break down and you give them like a hey, who do you think is actually giving you and truck? They think well, I think that might be probably that seems like a deco. Okay, okay, but they don't like consciously think about it So that's what you need to do you need to Suppress your over leadership not step on the bosses toes massages lead Massages ego a little bit because if you do get your response you want to help right? You want to be helpful you want to lead these people in a great way If you don't if you get your responsibility taken away or you get fired Then you can't help anyone anybody you're not gonna help the team at all So you have to be smart and you have to play the game to win his confidence and his trust So he does let you lead and what's gonna do that when he realizes that you're gonna not gonna step on his toes That you're gonna give him the credit because he wants the credit he's an ego maniac, right? He's controlling so That's Kind of what you need to do now. This is the weird thing and this came up with the mustard people don't want to hear me say that People don't want to hear me say that people don't want to hear me say that if I come up against a boss The big ego what you need to do is back down people don't want to hear me say that They say want to hear me say if you come up against someone with a big ego what you do is you Bo up to and you show them that they ain't got nothing on you. Yeah, don't back down to that guy with a big ego That's weak You And when I said it the monster I said I said listen because I could see it I could see it people are like oh You know, I guess joccal is always hard corners. I thought he was because he's gonna back down to somebody with a big ego You know and I said guess what people this is why you feel that way If there was a machine gun nest on a hill and There was a bad guy in there and he's killing a bunch of people shooting that machine gun And everyone in the room wants to look at jaco and say jaco's brave and jacgos tough and jacgos gonna charge that machine gun nest I take that guy out Well guess what a Machine gun belt fed weapon in an elevated position bunkered in I'm not gonna take that guy out. I can't It's a heavily defended position. I can't do that So what jacco does is back down I hide I get behind cover so I don't die Once I've gotten behind cover so I don't die. I look at echo and I say echo Stay here shoot some rounds at this guy occasionally distract him I'm gonna flank him So that goes gonna keep under cover himself He's gonna play him some rounds up at the machine gun nest while he's doing that I'm gonna screw you away like a little baby like a little sneaky little squirrel Yeah, and I'm gonna go around to the flank because the machine gun is in a bunker, right? So we can't see out the sides. I'm coming up the side I'm gonna get right up the side my toss grenade in there and kill him. I'm gonna take out the ego But I didn't do it going head on So what happens is people come and up up against this big ego and they want to be the hero And they want to be aggressive and they want to the default aggressive jaco You say b-d you you you got a chapter in your book default aggressive man. I'm gonna be default aggressive against that ego wrong answer The right answers indirect warfare the right answers maneuver warfare the right answers you flank these people And by the way if I do charge that machine gun nest or I do attack that guy's ego guess what? I die or I get fired and now I'm no good anybody so it's People have this this desire To be the strong hero and you have to fight that that's your ego That's my ego charge in the machine gun nest. I'm gonna go do this on the man. No, I'm actually not the man It's a machine gun no good position. I'm gonna die. Yeah, you have to be smart Yeah, like on the attack that you go head on don't attack the heavily defended positions head on period Like you said in training day you're watching moving Training day no come on, bro. You watched it anyway. He says the shit is chest not checkers He's not the first person that ever said but it was don't when he said it in my opinion Nonetheless, yeah, so default aggressive isn't Default aggressive head to head. It's default of a default aggressive in being effective. Yes That is really effective for ineffective that's another master. I'd be in No, listen Life knows what he's talking about like that Yeah, man. Good Joko This next question. Yes, okay. How do you shift your mindset from individual contributor to manager Growing a company from nothing to something required being an individual contributor in getting a lot done With a little but as we grow it's clear That any tire people for specific roles and accept the except that I can't do everything I'm very used to getting stuff done and doing everything myself and it feels a little weird trusting someone else to do it How can I shift my mindset to appreciate being a manager over an individual contributor? So Straight up out of the gate you are actually failing as a leader by doing what you're doing But by continuing to Do things yourself getting the weeds and not let people lead you're actually failing as a leader and therefore failing the team So number one you have to Watch out for that and You know By the way that means the more time that you spend in the weeds Getting stuff done yourself because you're so perfect That's the last time that you're thinking about strategy. That's the last time you're thinking about you know What's gonna happen tomorrow and future operations and that's not good to be in that situation so First of all you need to build the trust with these people you don't have to give a hundred percent trust to someone out of the gate If I if we're in a company and I hire you and I'm gonna have you doing some task That doesn't mean I say hey echo here's the task go do it and now I'm just gonna walk away I don't even know you I don't know how well you can do the task So I'm gonna say hey echo here's the task actually watch me do it Okay, you've seen me do it now. I'm gonna watch you do it Okay, cool you seem to be doing that pretty well. I'm gonna come check on you in two hours See how it's going come back two hours next day. I check you once every five hours next day. I check you in the morning I check you once in the afternoon next day. I just check you a lunchtime Maybe two three four days later. I check you once every other day Pretty soon you're good to go and guess what I'm doing I'm doing something else doing something that I should be doing I built the trust I confirm that you know how to do it. I You trust me because now I trust you. We're building some team and some relationship So that's all good. So To the original point Though I think the way that you shift your mindset Is to recognize that micro management is actually failure No progress is made while you're micro managing the longer you are micro managing someone The longer it takes for them to develop as a human being and as a useful person in your organization Every minute that you Micro manage someone is a minute of them not thinking for themselves is a minute for them not taking ownership of something It's a micro managing your task. You're not taking ownership of it. If you're not taking ownership of it. We know where that leads So Let people learn Let people lead and to not do that is Fairly Don't fail One-time monotone in Hawaii you get your job as licensed at 15 They I don't know what it is now. That was long time ago obviously But I learned to drive with my dad before that you know when we're young we'd get in quite this dirt roads everywhere So he's like hey, you know, and it started with when we were young when we're young young like 7-8 years old we'd sit on his lap So he do the shifting in the gas in the break and stuff like that dirt roads We'd just do the steering so what it kind of started with then after while he's like okay Now we're just gonna learn how to do this you know, it was a manual training Stickship so he was like okay now you just learn how to go Right and now it's going shift gears all on the dirt road whatever and so I was like just turn 15 or maybe 14 and he was like hey He's like all right, let's go drive You know usually it'd be like we were going to the beach on the way home. Hey, let's take this dirt road You can steer kind of thing But this was actually like okay. Let's go drive So I'm like all right, but he pops me in the front seat and he goes all right take us there We're going wherever we're going down to the beach. He's like all right take us there. I was like dang I don't know but I've steered before I've shifted I haven't done the whole thing all at once But he's sitting right there. You just said take us there. I was like dope I took took him there whatever he didn't critique much, you know But I got there and he just kind of let it happen. It was the same kind of thing where First he's checking my steering then he's tried this is over time Yeah, he's kind of dialed and yeah after a while it's like boom he's doesn't I he's still managing he's right there He could slide his foot over to the break if he needs to I guess if he puts his hand on the wheel Steering away from the oncoming truck if need be yeah and at the same time he's letting me make little micro mistakes I hit the curb a little bit I was more like you know stick shift. You know you do too much or yeah and he let that happen Because that's my thing to figure out the feel because each guy is different and it's cool because that's actually good One time we were going on an operation my first deployment to Iraq and We were driving a far distance through cities we'd never been through before and we got turned around in the city and We worked had a far way to go to our objective. It was a kind of a high profile operation and Work we stopped and I hear the call in the radio like all stop and I say something along lines of What's up and you know the the point man which is the lead nav in the vehicles He comes up in the radio he's like just trying to get my bearings Little stress noise I walk up so I get out of my vehicle just to make sure this guy's one of my bros and I Walk up to vehicle and He's in there and I could see he's he's he's flustered. He's flustered and he's You know I don't want to see in bearist but he's flustered and now I'm there Yeah, you know what I mean? Yes, and I think his thoughts are Jocquoise you know jocquoise gonna be mad or whatever yeah, and I I go up and he's He's cracked open the door right I open the door on the Humvee and I go you know What's up man Just in the most mellow voice about I go hey, what's up man? He goes I I don't know where we are And I was like cool man. We'll set security let me know when you got it dial and he's like All right cool and that's what we did and it took like you could see his face like he just turned back and Pewdiepie started working But when I walked up to him, you know you could see that he was panicking because you know you got we had a bunch of vehicles You know you got seven vehicles with us and and They're all driving around and I've done two laps around the you know it's not fun And you know you make it through and like pass the enemy one time you got away with who yeah now you went by him three times It's not cool and every one of the whole But true because sitting there in the vehicles going hold on jackass is gonna run us by this check point again Or by this thing again. Yeah, all of us so but yeah just went up hey bro What's going on? I'm just trying to find I don't know where we're at okay? We're gonna set security let me know when you got to figure it out. I'll be good so good man and that's That's so good on you because you know everyone is feeling the threat like what you're saying for sure It's like dang where is this guy? Lena's what I don't know I'm sure everyone was feeling that then it's like all right I got a kind of detached from that feeling and go You know yeah and and and then you know I got them a radio because that was you know I just said I said the guy's name. I'm like hey Just getting it sorted out right now. We're in be rolling here to about a few minutes when we know we're at And everyone's you know setsk you're doing There was another time we got ambushed on that same deployment sure and I was in vehicle number two and we're in a big convoy and the the ambush pretty much was aimed at the center and then the back of the convoy So a bunch of machine gun fire a bunch of RPGs and nothing really hit and right in fact nothing did hit the RPGs went over us and And I was I would never say much on the radio right and And the guy in the back vehicle These actually the cartoon chief But I say I didn't say much, but clearly we just got ambushed. I mean there was a massive atmosphere fire and explosions going off And we pout you know we go through that we continue on and The cartoon chief in the back he says something on the radio something along the lines of he's like you know Comes up on the radio you take hey, Jocco you know we we just got hit with an ambush back here and I got on the radio I was like Roger And you know it's like it's it you know Everybody goes okay, I guess we're all right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think you did me like that one day Yes, in fact when I said I think I mean I remember the time you didn't get a soul I was I'm forgive me right now you just talked about an actual ambush that actually I think I'm talking about something the way you last impactful Just bear with I mean you're asking for forgiveness me. I tell a grocery story It was actually this podcast we had recorded like a week or something early so I was like boom Let me finish the whole thing Get it ready to get pushed out all I need it was done all I had to do is press the button to make it live That's all I had to do and this was like a week I think it might even even been two weeks in advance. Wow. Those are the good old days. Yeah Yeah, but um and then the day came it was so done and out of my mind the day came and I was just like hey I don't know is it not on my mind so the long-served shirt I I didn't do it so I didn't press publish. It was ready because anyway, so I Wake up in the morning as he message I love bungee Twitter posts right and send that but I got a text message I think there might even been a phone call on it was a phone call and a text message from you This you know this is This is something you know I'm like right what is your one what it was? No, I had no idea It was out of my mind. I was like oh something obviously it's not you know I get it this early in the morning by the way. Yeah, you know So I look at it and So I listen to the voice message first and it was you all coming like hey, I was going Good morning So this he goes Just to sort of like you know it's Wednesday, you know we have that but that podcast we recorded that's you know That's supposed to be going on right now, so Whenever you can whenever you're ready good and post that But it wasn't like all the Twitter posts where where's the bucket spill? Which about this like you know all that and then the doctors okay whenever you're ready? It's all good You know I didn't know what happened. Maybe you're under more stress. Thank you. There we know you got to think when you're in a leadership position Not that I'm like the leader here, but if you're in a leadership position you don't know what someone else is going through I maybe you had some technical issue and I'm like gonna call you up and you look like a worse that thing And now you freak out. You make it worse. Yeah. I don't need to make it anymore There's something going on like you were sleeping Oh, I didn't want you know, but you always think about the perspective of the other person that you're dealing with and you don't want to escalate things Yeah, that's not gonna help. Yeah, just deescalate. Hey, man Just wondering what's up if you knew if you need anything for me on the podcast Maybe we need to re-record it. I don't know. Let me know. I'll go over That's where we're here for Like with two people shouting at each other and you chime in so they stop drowning in your shouting I got three people shouting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's in it up Anyway next question Jocco. I'm not sure I agree with your statements not to pursue Belts in Jiu Jitsu. It doesn't seem wrong to me to benchmark success using a rise in rank as a quantifiable measure of success As a person Is working to master their craft any craft. It's nice to have markers for accomplishment and engagement wife belts Why have belts if they're not to be striped for or why have them right? Yeah, and that's actually a little conversation I had that I as soon as he asked me this. This is with Brandon no brand in particular. Yeah He's he's been around like since day one Yeah, and in the game here and we were going back and forth on something He said he actually sent me this random because he sent me text about stuff You know whatever we're doing some projects and whatnot and He sent me this random thing Well, I guess it's random to meet it was random to him. Maybe he just listened to a podcast where we were talking about this He said you know hey, I don't know you don't want to go this stuff about belts and So and by the way Brandon is had a goal of doing a hundred burpees and ten minutes Brandon isn't good shape. He's an athlete athletic dude And for some reason he can't do a hundred burpees and ten minutes. I don't know where he's at right now. We are publicly calling him out. Yeah to post his You know video video no cut no cuts Yeah, or maybe doesn't have to post all the thing I take his work for because he's owned it a bunch of times He'll put like he'll do a hundred and oh no I think what he's been doing he's been doing ten minutes worth however many he can do he gets like 84 Yeah, so any post it like I did 84 in ten minutes was that you can do 10 sets of 10 Yeah, that's a one to ten every 30 10 every minute Yeah, or something it have to be less because actual burpees will take a certain amount of time Yeah, no, no, I'm telling you 10 in a minute is not that hard Yeah, but plus your rest 10 burpee pull ups in a minute is hard or yeah, but still a good measure so just regular burpees But back to the conversation So Brandon hit me up and And you know I understand belts You know and it's because we've said on here like don't worry about belts don't worry about the belts the belts are gonna come I understand belts and I understand Trying to earn a rank and that's cool, but I'm telling you At some point and I think this will happen to everybody At some point Jiu-jitsu becomes a lot more than just belts and eventually the Jiu-jitsu itself Completely bypasses What the belts are and what the belts mean now I could you could say back to me like well, let's get your buck belt Yeah, and so that's why you feel that way because of course they don't matter to you you're already black belts You you know, but The fact is that that didn't happen to me at black belt that happened to me at like purple belt I think about midway Of my purple belt time I had no care whatsoever of what belt color I was literally zero And I just wanted to Get better. I just wanted to know more. I just wanted to keep training and never even thought about it after that and now like Even like degrees on your on your black belt Like Pete I was talking to Pete Roberts today. He's like what degree are you? You know he's a black belt on the black belt He's like what degree are you and I was like, I don't know I don't know I got my black belt in 2005. What does that mean? You know what I mean? Like I don't have the tape on there with how many degrees I am not that I don't respect it, but I just don't care for me personally So and and I think that this isn't like he's like Brandon talk about you know to master any crafts I think it's the same with any craft that you're trying to master yeah if you're trying to master the craft You're not going to master the craft Hopefully and eventually the craft itself becomes more important than the rank that comes with being skilled at the craft That's what I would hope for that's what by the way that also makes it a lot easier to keep pursuing because I don't care I'm not sitting there going I hope I could strike on my belt today. No, I don't care if I could strike my belt I want to go learn more and guess what's going to propel you towards more stripes wanting to learn more Yeah, wanting more stripes does not propel you towards getting more stripes What propels you towards getting more stripes and getting advanced in any craft is getting better at that craft So focus on getting better at the craft. Yes, sir the belts are gonna come. Yes, sir Even your belt's gonna come. Okay, preach it I'm not concerned with belt So we're glad you're not that you ain't got much in your future No, let's yeah, and I think that This it's like a matter of perspective kit first off you being a black belt and thinking that or whatever and be like yeah, that's Easy it seems like that's obvious that oh it's easy for you to say because you're a black belt pot at the same time doesn't kind of go along with that detachment thing So like hey, I'm not in the game there's no reason for me to be striving for any belt right now So I can be detached. I'm not emotionally invested in the whole situation. I can look back and and at the same time Understand when I came up Me being focused on belts would not have got me here. Yeah, you know like you have that clear vision I that's natural thing to be like a blue belt and I wish I could wear that purple belt and everyone who didn't know me and respect me as a pro belt And I'll become tapping some of the purple belts right now. Yeah, and bro. Oh, do you do the side note? I don't know if you know this, but if you know the feeling of wanting that purple belt really bad and I just want that purple purple belt and your skills From your first the from your instructor's standpoint. Don't match purple belt and promotion time comes along and you're okay This is the time I get my brand you don't get that purple belt brand. You know how sad you're gonna be real bad. I have known people that quit the gym straight up because they didn't get built Promoted on a certain day and you know that was the day that's really sad it is it's sad from top to bottom for sure That's the side note, but I guess sad was neither right where well it's sad for them Yes, like because if you if you're in that zone where you should be getting your purple belt at some time Maybe this promotion maybe next promotion maybe some other promotion That means you're dedicated to it now you're just gonna walk away because you didn't get Belts yeah, that's yeah, that's rough and like I said like that stayed a mine can really really Jammy and true story and I've heard of people where they didn't get their belt and then maybe someone else did not Maybe straight up other people did and it was there belt, you know like there Oh, they're in bad super mad to the point where they're vocal about it. I tapped that guy out Why he get his belt pop up open? Yeah, saying that so yeah, it's it'll jam you up just that whole mindset one thing You know, I would say to those people that might be thinking that way For my perspective and for many due to instructors The your you're advancing and you're getting promoted Based on your potential not based on your skill level to Yeah, because you might be You might not have a lot of potential and so you know what hey man the guys you know he can't train he's You know 68 years old and he's been training for a year and a half He's learned a lot of knowledge. He's here all the time. Yeah, he can't tap out any other blue belts We're giving him his blue belt because for potential of him as a 68 year old man That never worked out before now he's training you jitsu you that guy's a blue belt. Yeah Now the further you go up, you know black belt is a little bit more serious So it was brown so it's purple, but I'm saying you're getting judged against yourself and that's an extreme example Buy someone else by the way not buy yourself You being judged by your instructor not yourself. Yeah, that's right. That's right Just like yeah, man, and that's it and that's an important thing to me once what's your two-year point Everything that we're talking about right now makes you jitsu suck Right it makes you like it makes it maybe it'll make you mad it'll make you frustrated it'll make you and it'll make it political And this guy got it and I didn't know that's for me. I just don't like it that stuff. Yeah, you know Don't even like that stuff. Yeah When you're ready you're instructor's gonna promote you until then keep training yeah and and by the way also in your work skills When you're ready to get promoted you'll get promoted Yeah, and if you're not ready you won't or there's not an opening you won't you know what you do to solve that Don't get frustrated Don't get all crazy don't blame the guy that did get promoted don't undermine him. You know what you do keep kicking ass Wait next time it'll be your turn Enjoy what you're doing master your craft Don't let your craft become your master I Yeah, and that's what happens right yeah, so that the thing control you Is that a you controlling the thing instead of you mastering it? It's starting to master you and getting your head Yeah, but he does make a good point and here's the thing is that this is a mix of perspective so Where Or a clashing of perspectives where is like art you know as a person working to master their craft any craft It's nice to have markers for a accomplishment and engagement Yeah, and you know what I actually texted back to him. I'm like hey man. I know I'm not normal Yeah, I'm not normal and all I need is a rock and a hill Yeah, that's what I texted to when he laughed right but So so there are normal people that need to have like I want to go I want to see I want to have a checkpoint and that's okay. Yeah, and that's why guess what there are belts and jiu-jitsu And you can't get sort of I don't we don't really give a lot of stripes out at victory like me Jeff Glover rain lister Craig James. I mean we'll give out like occasional stripes, you know for various reasons But most of the time it's like oh the guys ready for his next belt right? It's good at tone yeah Usually the stripes are that's a subtle thing in my opinion like I've stripes don't Reflect much compared to boy belts No, nonetheless, I mean yeah cool back in the difference you like a four-stroke blue belt right guy was the deal But he's seen you know and you know what to to degrade what you're saying and what brand and saying You know when we do a lot of stripes and a lot of different colored belts kids right and that's need that Be the point and as a grown-ass adult Branding No, as a grown man you should be like I'm just here to learn yeah, you're to get after well to me What he's saying doesn't clash with what you're saying in my opinion no The matter is a brand and is brand and is you know I don't know him that well, but you know we go back and forth a lot He's a guy that's like metric driven you know like I'm gonna get right somebody get this And we get that and that's awesome. That's what makes him successful and you know what he does and the craft that he has mastered very successful But He likes to have those yeah those measurements Yeah, I've metrics to go off and say look I just crush this this goal boom done yeah So we yeah, and so with belts is gonna be a little bit different just like with promotions and you know based on skill So you he says it's nice to have markers and you think it is nice of course after after when you got your black belt For you to say I don't care the fact that I got this black belt I don't care about that at all. I don't know if I would believe no, no, you're you'd be correct Yeah, you'd be correct. I was I was stoked. Yeah, no. It's just a matter of What is driving for me? What kind of surprise me? Do like I was expecting it right which should tell you something Yes, I wasn't in there like tonight's probably gonna be big no, no, I like showed up at the gym and Trained or whatever and then all of a sudden it was special ceremony time And we got the black belt yeah, and I was stoked for sure. Yeah. I was stoked put you know what's funny is like at the team Like people People like I don't know who heard about it, but people like hey man, I would you cut your black belt and I was like yeah, yeah, but I didn't tell anyone I wasn't like hey everyone. I got my black belt. Yeah, yeah, you know But you know what you know what you know what belt I cared the most about was my purple belt Yeah, when I got my purple belt I was super pumped yeah At that time it was a big deal yeah, yeah, you're purple belt got purple belt from family Santos yeah, I wasn't given away that purple belt either no, I'm gonna do you had that thing yeah And you know what with and I don't know because obviously I wasn't there at that time But I think it's always gonna be like that. Well, if you get a purple belt that's a big deal Yeah, even now it seems like that's definitely a big deal because there's just so many people now doing You did too. No purple belt purple belt is a legitimate when you're a purple belt You will not lose in a fight to normal person No, in my opinion. Oh could you get caught with a punchy asher? Yeah, but a normal you know You've got a very high high percentage of winning a fight against a normal person if you are a purple belt in GJ2 Yeah, a good purple belt yeah, meaning not someone that just like got a purple belt for no reason Real purple right GJ2. I mean a purple belt you're rolling like when I roll the purple belt it's a good roll. Yeah, you know There's a good roll. It's not like all this guys just a purple belt right blue belt most blue belts You don't have to worry about much of anything Yeah, with your higher level. Yes, yes I mean you're not wearing will you roll with most blue belts right? I'm worried when I roll with everybody Yeah, so well, no, no, no, no worried No, I'm just joking. Yeah, I dig it. It's not about your disarrown No, not seeing it disrespectful but I'm not saying you're disrespectful to a blue belt but but realistically you know That chances are there's no possible way for them to submit you very small chance Yeah, yeah, the purple belt the skill levels don't matter. What about swap a triangle on your or something And put some grab your arms somewhere. Oh, yeah, yeah, I can have no what you rolled with no Well, yeah, he time me out. Oh Yeah, I mean not like the light but yeah, like within the last year. Yeah, yeah, he straight in my arm out real far I had to go into level nine defense mode Sounds of urgency. Yeah, oh, I went to full and not any surprised me that was the thing You know, we're rolling and all of a sudden and he's a purple belt. That's there you have it. There's a classic example in this in the defense No, I'm gonna give him a name. I'm gonna give him a nickname right now good Noah Because he's good and he's very handsome by the way. He's better than he's a I like you judge that one He's better than a typical purple belt though. He's really really yeah, yeah, yeah, but nonetheless to your point that's exactly your point though You're good purple belt. You're you're not you don't have many holes. No, maybe some timing things Maybe some men or whatever good. Yeah, he's a classic example. Yeah, no was a good purple belt watch out But yeah, you don't Perth super know it. I asked me all the time when do I get my brown belt? No, I'm just kidding You know, he doesn't care. Yeah, he's type of dude that's like hey, I'll just get it around tap everyone out Maybe one day like a me and belt maybe they won't don't care. Yeah, and that's how and so tapping out echo Charles I know, bro, what's up did you give me your brown belt once you got tapped out by him? I want it actually You know what's cool when you get tapped out by a lower belt It's like guess what Did you get to work? They should be able to wear your belt for this For the rest of your life No, no, did you do it? You do it you do you move against me? I'm gonna tap out to it. Yeah, like that's the way it works. You know, I might try the defense But did you get to works? Yes, sir. I mean we just saw Roger Gracie Hodge or Gracie against butchette Yeah, and people were a little bit freaked out. I was like yeah, did you just do works? Yeah, you know Get that choke on putchette or butchette? Is it animal? Yeah savage? Yes But get that geek-all or sunk in choke. You got you got Hodge or Gracie Ex amount of times world champion. Can you imagine his grip strength? Are you rolled with him? Yes. Yeah Grip strength. Well, how does his grip strength? It was really good, but and I'm not to go on to a whole thing about Hodge's game But he has this thing where This is weird if you don't know the depth of jujitsu, but he has this feeling that he has all bases covered So he's not necessarily his game isn't to out hustle you has not to out speed you and it's not out strength you for sure But it's like he it's like he has this whole base like all his bases in the jujitsu Situation they're all covered. Yeah, so he'll do this thing that and he was trying to do them butchette, but you know Which has just really really good He'll grab one sleeve with the opposite hand grab the elbow and it'll just from close to our pedal and it'll pull and he'll just wind up on your back And there's nothing you can do about it all your little defenses. He's got this covered. Yeah, no problem And it's just this thing that it just it's like this eventuality that you have no defense for that How it feels his whole game. Yeah, so yeah, I mean it's crazy that he was able to bring that same game to someone like buccia Yeah, you could be judged as a beast. Yeah He's he's yeah, it's just crazy, but yeah, that's how nonetheless back to the point is it don't pursue the belt That's not the pursuit the pursuit is getting better the belts will come when the belt comes to it to to Brandon's point when the belt comes that is nice and to me when you get your belt from your instructor not from yourself Yeah, when you get you get a belt yourself, but if you're the guy who's getting mad If you're the guy that's getting mad and because you think you should have got your belt You're thinking you're getting your belt from yourself That's what you're thinking oh In your head yes, yeah, yeah, exactly right so forget I'm ready. Yeah, I'm ready exactly Not up to you. It's not up to you. You can tap out all the back belts. It's still not up to you It's up to instructor anyway When you get your purple belt brown belt black belt Yeah, that's belt I would say this happens more times than not If you're below belt you're rolling you're getting good you're learning a lot when you get a purple But purple belt that's gonna empower you so much to be like now my standard just mentally is higher now I'm a purple belt now. That's my minimum standard right now. Well a purple belt is full on in the game Right, you can't really be super casual and get a purple belt right. I'm saying it is you're gonna have a lot of pride with that Well, I wouldn't say empowering I would say it puts you It raises the bar on you Yeah, like once you're wearing a purple belt you can't be you know you now you're like I can't tap these blue belts anymore You might but I'm saying yeah same thing to me to handle tomato raises the bar yeah, what do you say it raises your standards? Yeah, rolling like my own state basically exactly what I said yeah, like the bar is raised. Yeah, I got a represent Yes, you know all this stuff. It's like it comes with the sense of pride. Yes. It's a huge it's a deal and that's why also when you're a blue belt Enjoy being a blue belt you can take more risks you can get tapped out doesn't matter You let it flow yeah 100% but yeah when you get that belt yeah, be happy be private posted on Facebook and you know thank you're training partners All right stuff But don't just pursue the belt man. It'll jam you on the big time Next question. I'm a 24 year old machinist. I work CNC machines do setups in order tooling Most of the people I work with have worked here for over 15 years. The owner my company wants to make me the shot manager and honestly I'm not too tore up about it. I feel like the older guys Who've been around won't want to take scheduling and manufacturing advice from a young guy I have good relationships with all the the shop guys, but I'm worried about stepping into this role so soon Only been with the company for three years any advice Okay, your boss isn't asking you to do this job if you're not ready for it That's that's number one and the fact that you don't think you're ready is a good sign of set this before because it means that you're humble So you feel like that that's good That's probably one of the reasons why you're doing well. I'm probably one of the reasons that your boss thinks you're ready for the job is because you're humble So that's good But you also have to remember that being humble has to be balanced that got me of leadership with confidence And even with a little bit of aggression So there's a reason that you're getting asked to do this job and the boss needs you to step up now just because you become the manager The boss doesn't mean that you have to start bossing people around Right it actually means that you should remain humble that you should take input from them That you can still take advice from them as opposed to just giving them advice all those things are fine and I just kind of asked this question the other day a young construction business and a kid and we were in a big meeting with a bunch of leadership from forming to engineers All in the same room a bunch of great guys from a great company and You want to the young engineers raised his hand and said, you know, I'm Young and I am going to be in charge of these guys You know, I'm not sure I'm comfortable with these guys that've been doing it for a while longer. What can I do to? You know gain their respect And I said okay Who in this room knows more than that engineer back there about construction and all these salty Construction for men's raised their hands and I said who you know who's good think that this guy's got the best idea Raise your hands all the hands go down and I said so this is what you're dealing with buddy I said now let me ask another question the group group If this kid comes in and says I know how to do this better than you Listen to me and do it my way who's going to have respect for him raise your hand no hands go up If this young kid comes in and says hey I'm an engineer I've been educated but I haven't been doing this for long Can you give me some recommendations on how we do this so we can do the best job possible who's gonna have respect for everyone raises their hand? So there you have it You you don't have to know everything as a leader no one expects you know everything especially as a young leader That's okay and actually when you admit that you actually gain respect when you ask for people is input You actually gain respect people get the paranoid feeling that if they don't know something They're gonna be seen as weak. It's not true. So You can just Step up into the position still be humble still take advice now. This doesn't mean that you're a pushover Right, this doesn't mean that you just Listen to what everyone says you don't make any decisions. No, but it actually means that you show respect to their experience and when it comes time to make a decision You get the best input and then you make a decision and you explain your decision and if your decision is wrong you admit it and if it's not wrong you push forward So that's what you need to do you're getting asked to be put in this position for a reason so do it Get some Seems like a common one yeah Don't I'm stepping in the new role for sure everyone asked that question Yeah, man. That's what it again. There you go for everyone's benefit. Could my own yeah, I learn from it every time no That's the ethos right going humble. Yeah Be open minded take advice. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Don't have to know everything. Yes Three days ago Our neighbor Young girl One of my daughters friends 12 years old It comes over their mess in around their swimming I mean She grabs my daughters jump rope and she's jumping rope She does the cross you know you jump rope being across crossover whatever crossover. Yeah, yeah, so she does that and man I used to jump rope back in the day, but I never really could do the crossover. Let's face it Nonetheless, so she's jumping rope in and Jumping rope and I'm like hey do that cross the crossover thing again. She does it She's doing you know she's 12 years old. You thought I'm like dang I never could do that and she's like well you just got to do it like this until it's something like Okay, I grab the rope and I try and the ropes do small so I go grab my rope. Yeah, I got a jump rope Tell my daughter grab it so she grabs it and this is like a kind of like one of those pro speed ropes, you know, so it's like kind of So if I make a mistake on this rope is gonna hurt. I didn't have any shoes. I was barefoot So I'm so Hawaiian self for sure 100% and then so I go for it. I'm jumping right can jump rope still pretty good right now still I haven't done it a while and She goes okay, so right here at the top, you know you you cross you this is where you want to cross at the top I try oh hits my foot painful and she's like no you gotta do it. She's gonna time No, okay, no, no never show the pain to the kids. I try not to anyway, so I was like okay boom Fail she's like no more at the top, you know, it'll it'll just whatever So I'm like okay, I do it and it took me four times on my fourth time I did it for the first time in my life by the way They're crossover With the painful speed rope. Mm-hmm, you know some mental fortitude right there thrown in so hard car. I did it you should have seen But you should have seen the look on her and my daughter's face they were like like it was you know Like I just got my purple belt or something nonetheless So boom, what do we have right there a situation this is what I took from it to We have a situation a full grown athletic arguably person Learning to do something that's really not that easy obviously if I've never done it in my life Learning to do something that takes a fair amount of skill from a 12 year old girl in real time And you know what I did To boot gave her the credit. I said dang you are the best you have to go into the monster Yes, I could that great so that's the thing you're still on the moral of your story Which was a long story. Yeah. Yeah, yeah Be humble you can learn from anybody. Yes, and when you do learn from someone give me the grab Boom, that's what I did so you guys said that in 13 seconds. I know Brad But I'm just saying it was impactful and it reminded me of that story Anyway next question Joko just check out podcast 21 with Tim Kennedy awesome. There is a big time question though You and Tim agreed that cops who make controversial decisions slash mistakes Do so simply because they're not trained well enough That big's a question how much does the environment someone trains in impact their decision making How much tactical decision making is in eight versus learned Could killing the ideology that that the insurgents buy into be better than killing insurgents Or can they simply not be reasoned with at any level? There have been terrorists who flee their organizations and start new peaceful lives in other locations Okay, yes, so the first part of the question yes you train how you fight And the more you train the more you reprogram your instincts so that's important Your reprogram your instincts when you train and you get better instincts So that's What you do and and now when cops make mistakes Oftentimes it's because of their lack of training sometimes they make a mistake That is a mistake that got made you know, it's it's a mistake that's all it is and they've been trained well And they still make a mistake. I'm gonna tell you the percentage of mistakes go down dramatically the more that you train and the more Realistically trained and the more often you train you're gonna get better no doubt about it But that's like an instinct you're training your instinct so that's the one thing this this Idea that we could just attack an ideology of terrorists and then have some of them convert that be a wonderful thing that you attack the ideology and then some of them become peaceful productive members of society And if we did like a full court press to try and make this happen we might be able to convert Let's say we were really successful. We may be able to convert 5 or 10 percent a year Okay, so that's great. The nefter remember that the enemy is also out there converting people right probably at at least equal rate Maybe even a little bit higher So We still end up losing the fight because to break even is to lose because there's still out there doing what they're doing the um And in the meantime by the way, they're still Gaining territory or causing terror So it's not a good situation now the examples that I use all the time obviously are not he Germany and Imperial Japan Both of those groups were like the current day geologists They were looking to take over the world and If we just tried to kill their ideas with our ideas We would be speaking German right now because we would not we couldn't have changed their ideas Fast enough and and by the way they were playing a different game if we were playing the game of let's change ideas The enemy is playing a different game so for instance If someone is trying to assault you and You're a pacifist And so you decide that you're gonna try and convince them of the virtues of non violence through through Debate and theocratic method and critical analysis and the use of various rhetorical devices and that's what you're gonna do and you might be the best The better in the entire world But none of those things are gonna stop that assault or from punching you in the face He's playing a different game and once you're on the ground, he's gonna start kicking you. He's a violent person Now maybe if you were to be able to slow him how long enough to try and reason with him. He's not playing that game though He's there to attack you. Is there to stab you? So your ideas aren't gonna defeat his ideas. You don't have the opportunity to do that. He's not playing Debate So you have to know how to fight you have to understand a violence and you have to be prepared to use it And if you can if you can debate and you can win that's awesome That's awesome, but if it doesn't work You need to be prepared to use violence as it's needed and that's the same thing on a larger scale obviously We we can do everything we can to try and help snuff out this extremist ideology Let's Prop up reformist as much as we can. Let's try and bring economic opportunities to these in proberist and and deprived regions So that they're less likely to come under the psychological grips of a death cult But at the same time that we're doing those procedures. Let's attack their strongest factories of hate Let's go after their centers of gravity and let's snuff out and destroy those Individuals that clearly have no hope of reform and exist Only to spread This cancer of hate and violence and terror and death And if we attack on both those of fronts Hopefully one day where we can live in a world Where we can solve problems Not with physical force, but with our intellectual power and that would be great And unfortunately, I don't think that they will ever come Because there's always going to be someone out there That's going to attack you Regardless of your debating skills Yeah Next question yeah long question here yeah My general question is is there a point where it's no longer physically realistic to train You jitsu big jitsu today on the podcast. Yeah, jitsu. Have you jitsu today? Yeah, yeah I'm a fan and actually I noticed we were going back as you jitsu a lot. Yeah, yeah Wait, we took some questions. I warned about jitsu yeah, we turned a minute jitsu questions jitsu. Sometimes I'm a former competitive athlete but have experienced various injuries that I still work through on a daily basis I really want to get into jitsu, but my only hesitations are my lingering injuries. I don't know anyone who trains So I don't have any sense of how much is too much when it comes to physical limitations and injuries I'm sure you must have had injuries over the years that hindered your training Were you able to modify your training to accommodate them them? Although I have no experience I greatly respect the martial arts and the last thing that I would want to do is waste the instructor or other students time by not being able to fully participate And or holding up the class. I hope this question can benefit other podcast listeners who may be wondering the same thing However to give you the give you full detail in reference to the question. I'm 26 and the injuries I'm dealing with are Is the list Left knee that I need to work on daily to maintain full range of motion on my third ACL Meaning he had surgery three times Hmm well, yeah, he's had three actually said he had heard surgery seven times, but that's his third ACL Oh ACL still. Oh yeah third ligament been put in there Dang yeah because they replaced the ligament because it doesn't grow back and it doesn't heal so they got to give you a cadaver or they If you give you your own from your hip or your yeah from your hip or hamstring or Or how string and they put that in there or they give you a cadaver one. Yeah. I had that I had ACL Back in the cadaver my own from my hamstring. Okay. I've had sage seven surge. Well, I haven't this back to the question I've had seven surgeries most recent being a femoral osteodomy in cadaver meniscus transplant There you go. I'm told one more major injury to the joint and I'm looking at a full knee replacement Dang at 262 Left shoulder dislocated several times torn ligament cartilage and laborum Don't plan on having the surgery anytime soon and his and a history of multiple concussions I power lift jog metcon hell yeah regularly, but all cutting sports But all cutting sports are pretty much out of the question. I think cutting all sports. Yeah. Yeah. I got you No, he says but all cutting sports Are pretty much meeting cutting you know you know when you cut on the field. Oh cutting gotcha Okay cutting left cutting right I'm pretty sure that's what he means. Okay. Yeah, I thought he meant Yeah, because he power elastic on jog you can do mac cons, but he can't cut gotcha Characca either way. I get I got you Sports are pretty much other question if you get so isn't feasible Do you recommend any other martial art that would better fit my situation just getting tired of only trying trying to stay Physically fit and would rather incorporate a beneficial skill into my training Or is this all in my head and I should stop worrying and just get after it Thank you for any advice. You can offer a podcast. Thank you for your service. All right. Awesome So I'm I kind of broke these out. Let me let me break these out here. So his first general question is there a point where there's no longer physically realistic to train to jits or The answer that really is yes, but you can also train jits who in a wide variety of levels of intensity Very wide you could theoretically just go and learn the techniques Yeah, you could just learn the techniques and never actually roll to someone and If you couldn't do anything at all That would in my opinion I would still do that yeah, just to just to know and understand it I would still do that. Yeah, would you agree yes and it now what you have to be watch out for Is that you're gonna want to try him yeah, you're gonna want to try him in so unreal And that's just that's what you're gonna need want to do now You know like I said you can do it from just from just learning the techniques only to all the way to competing in jits You and like I said you got to watch out that you if you can only learn them and Maybe you can roll light maybe you can find you can roll with light people or you can roll with really good Brown belts that are light and that that you tell them you know up front hey I got injuries. I'm not here to furno you go trip. I just want to try the moves You better freaking keep your ego in check though, which is what's so hard Because you're gonna think well this guy's kind of skinny. I think I could do this right now I think I get out of this and then you end up getting hurt. Yeah, you can't let that happen So don't let your ego get in the way you might not want if you have all those serious injuries like it sounds like you have You may not want to roll with anybody for a long time until you really truly understand Jiu Jitsu so that's question number one. Yes. You can learn it without much risk actually You're very limited risk if you're just looking to learn the techniques you could learn it with very limited risk Now the next question Have I had injuries over the years and was I able to modify my training to accommodate them? Absolutely. Yeah, I've had ankle you know spraying ankles high sprains all that stuff and when that happens you see me training my bottom game of bunch Because I'm not gonna be on top. I hurt my back one time really bad and I couldn't do an oompa This is what I was a blue belt couldn't do an oompa couldn't do it guess what I did Elbowscape my elbowscape got good because I could not do an oompa. I've had my MCL 80% tear get some guess what no factor put on and I I couldn't train for like a couple weeks, but then I put on one of those hinged Metal braces strap that thing on tight could I do clothes guard? No could I do a triangle on someone? No Did I have to be careful? Yes, did I train? Absolutely My neck I had neck surgery and you know my neck now Doesn't hurt yeah, though I and my whole game Is kind of based fundamentally around protecting my neck so I don't do certain moves that I used to do that were that are high risk neck moves Right like Yeah, there's just certain moves that I just don't do anymore because it's high risk neck move and I don't want to put my neck into just into Jeopardy so yes you do go through things now occasionally like I just got through a Few weeks Where I had three simultaneous injuries and It was a broken knuckle Some kind of a knee Issue and I had a gaping cut on my toe My big toe ripped half the skin off the bottom of my toe and so I said to myself Okay, I'll just tape up my entire body and still train no, I didn't say that. I said you know what this is you know My body telling me You know one injury you can get through Two injuries okay wait a second, but when I finally tore my toe open I was like okay Maybe it's time to take like some time away from the map so I didn't train for a few weeks Right probably the longest I haven't trained in it since I can't remember But that's three injuries stacked on top of one another and now I'm just thinking myself you got to be kidding me Let them all heal and that's what I did So That's that the next sort of Question was if Jitu isn't feasible do you recommend any other martial art that would be better fit your situation? I think you can always learn Jitu. I think you could learn the box You could learn a lot of you gotta be careful careful with my type you got the knee surgeries You got I would say little and no sparring since you've had concussions And like I said in all those cases you can learn the box you're like well, I think I want to try this out Man, it looks pretty easy and that's partying right I'm gonna get in there Don't you've already have concussions You can't you gotta keep your ego in check and Then the last part of the question was or is this all in my head and I should just stop worrying and Get after it look we all have got to know our limitations you got to also know that sometimes you're putting Limitations on yourself that are too tight And you also got to realize it sometimes you can push yourself too hard and overdo it and end up in a really rough spot Where you got a permanent injury like you know right my my knee is not fully healed And so instead of doing nine rounds of Jitu I did like four yesterday five yesterday five today you know not and and Avoiding a couple positions right you know that's what I'm doing yeah, that's okay I can't go in there. It can't have the big ego and be the coming to be all top right now No, yeah, yeah, and And the more impactful part is and can't have the big ego if like somebody comes up with a Kayla's role Like okay, I'll roll with you cuz I don't want to look like a was yeah, no, I'm actually I got an injured knee Can't roll right now which I hate saying yeah, I get spying that I just spying that I just spies it But I know that you know I got to heal up yeah, man, so part of the game Yeah, that's the thing going check remember Jerry loud in ever yeah, so he had jammed up knees And I thought of him you know well um you know reading this guy's question Same age maybe I don't know do you have might have been older Me, yeah, maybe like 32 or something yeah, so jammed up knees But you know he did so guys so he comes in and what he'd always do is he'd be like hey Let's he'd grab me cuz I've known him long time roll him into he'd be like hey, let's he what he called it He's like hey, do you want to play meaning like which we're just rolling? You know just like how you said like you like how I warm up with Andy yeah again exactly Yeah, he's really good for that. Yeah, now Dean is not good for that Okay, yes, so the roll Dean will literally say to me hey, let's just get warmed up And then he'll get across side and smash me for for four minutes and 38 seconds Yeah, yeah, and we did torture me. Yeah, so I do not do warm-up rounds with Dean. Yeah, I mean You can go to hell. No one around you here Obviously Dean does that I'm purpose. Oh, for sure if like because we do that you we do that Dean has two advantages number one I'm not warm And that means there's no sweat yet, so he's so there's there's like just friction and he can just secure positions and it sucks And and psychologically we both know and the other the other advantage that he has is he's fresh Because the deeper we go into deep waters the better I'm doing Because I'm in better condition than him. I think it But he has those two advantages out of the gate. Oh, he's gonna make me pay It's so flutter you can tell. Oh, it's not like a little thing for you thing. You get 20 something you're thing with Dean Hey man, I dig it and that's probably gonna continue to you know till you guys are both Yeah, I'll just add an incident yesterday. Yeah, man. Incident yesterday happened. You know Talk about it. No, I already thought that I don't know words work changed loudly in the gym anyway Jerry is really good with that where this is a guy in this guy situation More or less knee-wise anyway, and I think he was even both his knees So you know, so you can do that and you can get like a good movement good rolling Without that impact you know when everyone's in all you got to turn up the heat or whatever on a guy Because that comes from ego. Yeah, it's more of like this competitive kind of spirit of rolling Juditis. That's kind of what it is so if you can avoid that you got to actively avoid it and Still get that movement if you can find the right person and you can go and you can go You can learn you can get more or less live situations, but you just can't be like you can't find that little fight in the fight You know, get to let that go Can't get crazy. But yeah, you can learn for sure you can learn yeah Don't do take down if you got a knee situation. Don't do take down take down situation. That's that's gonna be hard Check All right, okay last question You know this this last question It's not really a question well it look I get a lot of awesome emails and I get emails from people that have completely turned Their lives around they've they've lost weight If they need to lose weight or they've gained weight because they need to gain weight or they've gotten promoted or they've become a better parent Or they become a better spouse or they become a better kid yeah And I get emails from people that have quit their addictions or they've or they've overcome their fear And I say what I get Lenders and and packages and notes about all this kind of stuff Then it's awesome. I get I get people send me books For the podcast and pictures and drawings and and military memorabilia or unit patches and coins From you know police departments and fire departments and military units is just It's awesome and and I'm So thankful for all that feedback And It drives me That feedback that I get drives me to work hard and Keep pushing To do this to the best of my ability and try and get better at it But You know I hear from people that have used The podcast and the discipline and the the mindset of looking at things That are problematic as being good I hear from people that have used those things to overcome You know dark patches yeah in their lives. No whether it's depression or anxiety or even like full-fledged despair And again when you hear from people that are turned that corner that's Just incredibly rewarding To know that there's you know there's people out there that are really changing for the better and turning their lives from negative to positive It's unbelievably rewarding But I also get Some other emails and I get some other messages From people that haven't been able to dig out of that whole to overcome that That despair I Hear from people sometimes that feel there's nowhere nowhere else to go there's no way out And they don't have any more options And they are considering Taking the only way out that they can see and that is they want to take their own life And To anybody out there that's in that place You know I Don't really know what exactly to tell you But I can kind of tell you What I think I think no I Think no I think don't save that last bullet for yourself Don't save it for yourself you lock and load that last bullet And you shoot it at your enemy And when you're out of bullets get out your knife and attack with that And If you lose your knife you grab Your enemy by the throat and you keep fighting And you keep fighting and you keep fighting and you keep fighting no matter what And you never quit Never never quit And if you feel like your life isn't a place where you can't get any lower And you don't think You can find any way out Good Because that means the ultimate challenge is a head of you. It means you can only go up And it also means That things are gonna be tough Things are gonna be tougher than anything you can imagine but That storm that you're in from from your perspective It seems like that storm is Inveloping the whole world But I'm telling you it is not The storm that you're in it is hard to see out of that storm It's hard to see past it it seems like the storm It seems like the storm is everything But the storm is not everything And it won't last forever You can get out of the storm and you will get out of the storm And when you get out You're gonna see this on again But right now you're being tried You're being forged you're being tested by fire and by pain That's the test Don't fail the test Don't fail the test don't Given don't quit Don't ever quit Fight on Fight through the storm Fight through the pain and come out the other side stronger and tougher and better A fighter A survivor A winner Victorious And Free from that storm Free from the darkness darkness And I think that's All I've got For tonight So That's what I've got Speaking of Being stronger and being better Maybe You could tell us some ways to Make ourselves a little stronger and a little better yeah and at the same time sure possibly Support this podcast if they want to yes You're under no obligation to support your set well. I think as a human being you are but I'm just saying as far as the message here It's up to you But if you do want to what pursue Whatever you want to pursue your participation is required Does that make sense? No, okay anyway So I'm gonna talk about on it so Good fitness gear good stuff. I just got some full-fic Minerals. It's actually for my way Nonetheless they got some good stuff for any area of getting after it that you need to to Or that you want supplementation with so remember that jump rope story I told mm-hmm Right That wasn't on it jump rope. Oh there you go. Yeah, pro speed rope. I think it's called it's like But there's a lot of technological advances in jump rope. Yeah, no, I know we were you know Yeah, I let me teach school for me. Yeah, you just be the leather hide yeah or One of my like a rope is straight up a rope with a handle yeah and another handle at the end that's it This one is like a swivel has a thing it has a police system. I don't know maybe I don't know what it's called It's made out of this stuff. It's like yeah, it's good. It's wheels good. Anyway Yeah, that jump rope's good um also kettlebells Mm-hmm solid solid heavy heavy as you need very in weights right about one for my daughter What's the what is it the little monkey howl air so it's gone I think it's like 18 pounds or something like that she can lift it up. She can't swing it she's for everything It's all right. She's deadlifting it. Yeah, good for me be surprised man little kids Yeah, I'm actually instinct for form exactly right because they're trying to find the perfect balance So I have no choice they do off that they're just gonna fall down my son 11 months old now Start walking at straight up. You'd kind of earlier than my other like nine almost ten months You know that poor right yeah, yeah, yeah, he's gonna be also Oh, that means he's gonna be an unbelievable athlete you're set life He's forgetting ever created right now That's what everybody thinks that's what they say everybody's kid is the best kid in the world Yeah, that's what everybody thinks and by no means is that my message here But the message is you watch them do a squat to pick something up. You're like dang that's good form So my daughter she's forced to pick something the kettlebell little holler and I'm like first I'm like oh shoot. I don't know she should be picking it up. She doesn't know what she's doing She picks it up with this perfect form deadlift or my Like when my youngest daughter was like six or seven I had her deadlifting And No, and I pushed her too hard and she was deadlifting and she like our back How old like six or seven I mean she was just doing like double bodyweight And But it was with kettlebells and so you're not going that low So it makes it a little bit easier So I thought She's deadlifting and my son was in there too and I think my other daughter we were all just getting after her and You know, so my you can do this you can do this and we're escalating weights and going heavier and heavier and finally we get to like a pretty big weight I forget what it was it might have been Might have been Well, maybe the 32 kilogram or something like So she lifts it and like right as she gets almost to the top She gets the look on her face and like her like moves sharp And then and then she like started to tear up and she dropped and she dropped and she put it back down She started to tear up and she's like I think something happened to me back daddy and I was like oh god I am the worst father ever Yeah, I think you're so don't go with heavy kettlebells for the kids or heavy deadlifting But they're not ready for it. Yeah. I'll go on record treatment and say don't buy kettlebells for you kids Yeah program that you got sorted out form in one there for or 11 months or whatever Wait to their six don't do it. I bought the kettlebell because when I go out there's a water of one My daughter deadlifting in like posted it one time people are all pumped It's pretty good and it's dope to see in a picture But man you can't get crazy with that. I think if I'm lifting my kettlebells And they're cool There's a lot of ones and you know all this stuff my daughter's out there she's cruising She's watching she's like you know obviously let me try let me try and she she wants to get The game. Yeah, I wanted to pick up that where will fit we sixty two pounds one of them oh She you don't letter I don't I don't push her to put pick that up no, she'll grab it and try and she doesn't pick it up. No, it's too heavy for And so she but she just wants to be you like dad. Yeah, that's all it is so you got to the howler Just as a little gift. You know hey you got your own kettlebell you know all empowering that is I'm not saying that now now It's lift kettlebells grow your own before now you're on the pro it's not that it's for her to have her own little kettlebell and be you know It's like cohesive thing, you know, no, it's cool just like she likes to do pull ups But not really she's not on a pull-up routine. She reads where your kid I read it to her and She sees me doing pull-ups. She's like my turn. I want to do pull-ups now when she's able to get on her own program or Be more in a position to Facilitate a program impolice upon her as the case maybe Not too early by the way She'll be familiar with pull-ups. She'll know the value of pull-ups plus dad does pull-ups. So it's obviously cool Yeah, you know and she's gonna be down. She's gonna be kind of set for life in regards to pull-ups kettlebells whatever So I like it so back where can you get those oh the kettlebells yeah on it dot com or the jump rope or the jump rope still nonetheless Don't I don't think actually I do think that those designer kettlebells Mm-hmm those are kind of like the um That's the kind of the pre-meda on one actually no that one's time yeah That's a wrong one. Okay with it now. I'm okay with it. They're dope. They're just good. Yeah, you like them They're not like the hardcore dusty. Yeah cannon balls with handles. You know like artistic not the ones I have Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, they're not like that. I got all the design ones, but they are cool If you walk into a gym You know you go to the gym you're wherever and there's a bunch of kettlebells, right? And you're you're looking for a certain weight and let's say there's the where-wall-fones and then there's the regular ones Which ones are you gonna use Me? Is this a serious question or just like a basic question everyone? But what do you think I would use where-wall-fones probably see that's what you know Well, nonetheless, I think they're cool and go ahead check them out. They're on on it dot com slash jockel That's where you get it support yourself Really and it supports this podcast also If you're into these books we didn't read any books But I'm maybe in a few books today. Yeah, mentioned hack worth books. Yeah, right? I mentioned dick winners books Where can you find those books? Well, ultimately you get them from Amazon like everything else But if you want to go through the list the specific books go to the website Jockelpodcast.com section on the top or menu item on the top boom Please you to the page with all the books by episode by the way Actually, I don't think I put extreme ownership on there But nonetheless Click through there. That's kind of jacked up. Well actually it's a word of the right Yes, so that's the thing extreme ownership is for we never covered it in the podcast, correct So it's not gonna be on the list of books covered in the podcast because of the section is called books from the episodes Unless maybe all of life on it will do extreme ownership. Yeah, that'd be cool that'd be like layers because You wrote the book you experience all the things with the life you do the audiobook and now you're doing the podcast So it's like a good thing Anyway go to that go to jocpodcast.com boom choose whatever book or books that you want click through there to get them Boom got you. That's a good way to support. Yep. Very good. It's like gum and it's what takes what One second two seconds and big support small action big reaction Just saying Hmm You know what you know what I'm saying understand also good with support is to subscribe That's on iTunes teacher google play and all these other podcasting providing platforms Not to mention YouTube If you like the video format you want to see what jockel looks like if you don't know already You know I guess you can see what I look like which I'm not saying to look at me To look at me. I'm gonna say this if you don't know what echo looks like go look on YouTube So you can see what he looks like because he doesn't look like what you think he looks like Apparently apparently I've known him too long to understand the What he appears to be via his voice But apparently he doesn't sound like what he looks like so yeah, I guess I want to check that out. Yeah, I guess they don't match my look in my voice Yeah Apparently not but you know I live in a world where we're judged on the content over our character and the Contents of our hearts so oh I look doesn't matter quite as much as one might think but if you're a list Interested in seeing that go to you to why you're at it subscribe. That's a good way to support Plus we're gonna we do add other videos that are shorter in form We do have the video version podcast whole thing two hours three hours all ever long and echo is gonna post a video of I think it's the most I've laughed Captured on the new in history. Yeah, so I was laughing at something that that was not in the podcast We were recording Wasn't in the podcast. I laughed really hard. It was pre podcast. Yeah pre podcast record session sure And that happened so I'm looking forward to seeing that one you better get it up before this thing comes out Yeah, anyway That's a good way to support subscribe YouTube other x small excerpts on there anywhere from one minute to 12 minutes was the exception you should be 211 and three minutes little blessings that you can kind of extra anyone that thinks 12 minutes is an excerpt I don't know I don't think that's right technically it is yeah. I guess it is but technically let's make them three minutes Okay, you should you should put more effort into them and and and cut them down like the real critical parts That's what I think okay Thank you for this quote and now it on the effort Like that at all. No, no, no, no, no, no, I'll good. Thank you for your effort. No, I'm gonna try for like hey, you know what I think they're good, but you think it'd be go over better if they're even a little bit Triggery yeah, and the long ones really the pro with this stuff. I'm just kind of just over here See You got what are we need You're the man, but nonetheless that's a good way to support or you can make their excerpts 17 minutes long Yeah, but maybe there's 17 minutes of complete beauty Yeah, I'm right or value yeah exactly right Good times also jocco as a store It's called jocco store Jocco store.com. That's the website. So anyway on there. There's what t-shirts Travel mug some bumper stickers on there some patches These are velcro patches you can interchange them they're cool. They wound up being pretty cool. Yeah, I agree Yeah guys that are deployed Representing wear times. Yeah, it's so cool too It's it's weird cuz You know like you always say like we're sitting in this room. Yeah, and sure we got some patches out there, but to see them Like people put you know, they'll post it on social and they'll send it to you and they'll tag in stuff like that To see them like dang guys are rolling around straight up representing it's like it's weird It's it's we're in a good way. Yeah. Oh, it's awesome. We're just yeah, it's super awesome. Let's see Oh, so yeah, there's some stuff on there. Hey, just go the jocco store.com. That's the website and hey If you like what you see if you like a item get a night up good way to support also on your journey We all no matter what jocco will ever say we all hit moments of weakness And just like if you're gonna max bench I know I said this from a say it again because it holds true if you're gonna go one rep max or even two Rep max whatever on bench. What about three up max three rep max as well It starts to get a little bit more safe. I think in my opinion, but let's say two rep max You're gonna have Someone there to spot you just in case you fully intend to get those two reps fully But when you're pushing it it's wise to have a spot Good for some reason maybe you didn't eat your you know a good whatever Maybe didn't get enough sleep. I don't know but you could hit a little road black little moment of weakness Yeah, that spot their boom gets you through gets you that last inch on your rep or whatever Keeps you on your path. This is The real world version of this is called psychological warfare and what that is. It's an album with tracks Jockel tracks and for any situation you might find yourself in that you have a moment of weakness like getting up in the morning or Skipping your workout when you intended to work out or slacking on your diet Jockel will be there with a track that'll help you through it. It's called psychological warfare Jockel willing to a search iTunes Amazon music other MP3 providing What do you call it outlets? Yeah, it's good one real good on cool Also, you know we got we got kind of a Kind of a big announcement coming Which we haven't really had any big announcements right I'm out of big Cuz you know what I'm out of big announcement kind of guy right plus so I guess I'm not gonna do this whole thing with the big announcement I will say this this is it. Okay, no, just we'll say we're not gonna hold back put this what's going on after many months of due diligence and Conversations and relationship building and growing understanding We are actually joining forces with a company called origin Origin Brazilian Jiu Jitsu in Main now this actually occurred believe it or not due to this podcast This podcast I was Doing a Facebook live I said something about this was months ago said something about Origin today if you want to geek it a geek from origin they make them in America They're well crafted special material woven up in Maine they're cool check them out And Sarah Armstrong no Sarah Armstrong, of course they do she Motivated God after it and put me in touch with this guy Pete Roberts who's the founder and owner of origin and You know I knew about him that's why I was talking about him on the the Facebook live because I because I had seen him and I had known that like a like a like a possessed psychopath He wanted to make geese in America so we went and found Looms to weave material with and all that stuff and he and the thing is is he was basically alone With his team on his quest to make this happen, but The cool thing is he's not alone anymore He has a partner now In fact his partners now me you and and really all of us To help out to get in the game with what we're doing now and and just so you know origin like I said it's not some brand that's throwing some graphics on to a t-shirt Right, that's not what that's not what's going on there You have a legitimate Movement for lack of a better word of a guy that is Up there and what we're trying to do is read read Rebirth manufacturing in America so That's it started with geese That's definitely a huge focus, but we're gonna make everything We're gonna build the best gear in the world not just for geetsu But for everything you do in life we're gonna make the best gear for Being on the war path That's what we're gonna do so we'll come out with a bunch of details that's the big announcement that was gonna come I just made it so hey hey you know what In the meantime Check out origin main.com for geese for rash guards for whatever else you might need and If you want to see what this is all about by the way If you want to see what we're gonna do come up to the Camp that we're having the digital camp up in Maine Echo is gonna be there I'm gonna be there bunch of black belts are gonna be there we're gonna be getting after it or cruising or both It's August 20th through the 27th two sessions are gonna be there Well echo when I are gonna be there the last day of the first session in the first day of the second session So that's when we're gonna be up there and People been asking what level of geetsu do you need to be you can be any level if you never done it before That's cool. Come we'll teach you. We'll give you the base. I will give you the basic that thing that echo talked about earlier Um, but so if you've never done it come learn It'll be the best introduction you're ever gonna get in your life quite frankly Just come and train immersion for either Four days or seven days That's a good way to start learning a language get immersed in it And and by the way also if you're a black belt or a brown belt or a purple belt and you want to come up with just train hard Core the bunch of good dudes come on up so that's that also this is cool on the 23rd of August so in the middle of that camp There is we are opening opening a new factory 20,000 square feet of American manufacturing in farming tin main Come on up it's actually open to the public so come on up hang out. We're gonna be there You know doing what we do cruising checking now all and it's gonna be it's like pretty historical in my mind This merging of bad Badassness Come into fruition after many months behind the scenes So yeah come and join us on that day the 23rd even if you're not at the camp coming up Uh You know what else we're gonna have at the camp? Jocquawaiti they get we're playing it but so If you if you're not coming to the camp and you want jocquawaiti you can go get it on Amazon if you're if you're sick Entired of deadlifting less than 8,000 pounds order some immediately Also way the warrior kid and thank you for all this awesome feedback that everyone's been given me of kids getting stronger and faster and smarter and better That's awesome so if you have a kid or you know a kid get him or her this book and by the way If you're wondering well, it's warrior kid is that for girls believe me? What did your girl think of it after Josh? It doesn't matter So they need it We all need it So get one for yourself as as well There's lessons for everybody and they're from Uncle Jake True Uh the other one got another book coming out discipline equals freedom field manual now if you want a fuel good book If you want a book that's gonna fill you with a bunch of fantasies don't get this book Book is not for you this book is real this book is gonna hit you hard And if you don't want to get hit hard then don't order it If you want to be coddled don't get this book If you want to be lied to don't get this book But if you want the truth And if you want to get stronger faster smarter and better then yes go ahead and order this book Order it from your local bookstore go into them And say uh you know can I order this book and when you get it in can you just put it in the get after it's section for me so I can find it So this clinical's freedom field manual order it online Barnes and Noble's Amazon your local bookstore Put the word out Of course you can also get extreme ownership ownership is a keyword there and I Recommend you own it Get that book owner yourself and get it your team This copies as well so that you can go out and annihilate your enemy or your competitor whoever's bothering you We also have to launch front leadership consulting no one else can do what we do And I'm saying that right now and The reason I'm saying that now is because we've been doing it long enough and I've seen what other people Do from a leadership perspective and consulting No one else can do what we do so if you need leadership alignment so your team can win You got me life JP Dave Our company don't book us through a speakers agent Don't book us through our online book agent Go to National on front dot com or email info and national on front dot com and finally the monster The next monster September 14th and 15th in San Diego This is kind of crazy we've already sold more than half the tickets So this is absolutely gonna sell out just like it sold out the first time in San Diego just like it sold out New York City Just like it sold out in Austin Texas don't get left out in the cold Get registered extreme ownership dot com come and come and get it and While you're waiting for the immersion camp or while you're waiting for the monster We're not hard to find Because we're rolling on the into webs kind of hard actually next your heart Something we're on Twitter The Instagram and That facie boy Echo is at echo Charles and I am at jocca willing and finally thanks to everyone that makes this podcast possible first and foremost our military Who keeps us free To create and grow and live the way we want to live thanks to you all for holding the line and And Thanks also to police law enforcement fire fighters paramedics and other first responders. Thank you all for making this podcast possible By keeping us safe here on the home front so thanks to you all as well and finally to everyone else out there Whether you're going through good times or bad times whether you're winning the game or you're making it come back Whether you're building a house Or a road or a bridge or a piece of software whether you're assembling a car or assembling a meeting Or if you're in a diner pouring a cup of coffee for someone that's about to go out and pour concrete Whether you're sewing seeds in a field Or sewing the stitches into a ghee no matter what you're doing and What you come up against fight hard Do it with everything you've got and no matter what Never quit and always Always Keep getting after it So Until next time This is echo and jocco Out