 This is Jockel Podcast number 319, with echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening, I'm good evening. As the seals inserted into a rice paddy near where they had taken fire, Carl Nelson's UH-1BC Wolf Gunship commenced a right turn at 80 feet above the ground to cover them. His co-pilot, Earl Shot, worked the LZ's edge with his mini guns, while his gunners petty officers, Michael Dobson and Tom Klave on fire their M60s. The seals patrolled northeast and then east on a dike separating the two rice paddies and then move north on one perpendicular to the first. As they advanced, the enemy began firing from well-concealed and dug-in positions on a dike covered with heavy vegetation. The seals and Nelson's gunship immediately returned fire. As the patrol continued closer toward the tree line, the seals took accurate, withering fire from both sides of the dike. Point man James Rallland fell, shot through the groin. He was hit again as he crawled for cover. Seconds later the platoon commander Grant Telfer were shot in both legs. Both seals managed to return fire despite their wounds, but the severity of their injuries and the immediate necessity to extract them soon took them out of action. Lieutenant J. G. Tom Richards immediately radioed Carl Nelson and his seawolf for fire support as he and his fellow seal Gary Lawrence advanced under fire to assist the two seriously wounded seals. As he dragged Rallland to cover, one round passed through Richards right hand, hitting the stoneers pistol grip. Nevertheless, while Lawrence, Wendell Hedge, and Donald from Trell returned fire, Richards continued to expose himself to enemy fire to drag the wounded to cover. When the automatic weapons man, Futrell, was shot in the chest, he cried out, I'm hit, I'm hit. Richards, sensing the rising panic and Futrell's voice suspected the man was going into shock. After distracting Richards ordered Futrell to shut up and return fire. Futrell briefly did so with his M60 and did not go into shock. As Futrell became semi-conscious, Richards pulled him back as well. When Lawrence and Hedge ran out of ammunition minutes later, Richards passed them the linked 5-5-6 ammo for his now inoperable stoner. The squad regrouped behind a diek and Richards urged the seals to keep pouring fire into the enemy as he radioed for emergency extraction. When Lawrence and Hedge ran out of ammunition minutes later, as the battle raged, extraction became imperative. Including himself, Richards had four wounded men, three of them critical. For pilot Carl Nelson and the sea wolves helicopter squadron flying and supported the seals, there was no hesitation. And here's a quote from him. My crew knew that leaving anyone behind was not an option. When Nelson saw Richards dragging the wounded seals to cover, he alerted the transport helicopter flown by Lieutenant J.J. G. Edward Dyer to get ready for extraction and descended to cover it from an altitude of about 50-70 feet. When the ground seals, Lawrence and Hedge, providing covering fire with their stoners, Nelson's gunship hit the enemy with devastating rocket and many gunfire while Dyer urgently searched for the seals exact location. On a second pass, Dyer spotted them huddled next to a diek and came in hot, bleeding off air speed during his approach. As the slick hovered, skids wet in a rice paddy, Richards dragged each of the three wounded seals in turn over the diek, then through the rice paddy to the helicopter, lifting each aboard with his one good hand. Richards later wrote, with one hand, it was probably the heaviest lift I ever made. The best one too. Enemy fire intensified during the loading. Lawrence still providing cover fire was about to climb aboard when Dyer began to pull pitch for lift off as enemy rounds hit the fuselage. Lawrence grabbed the slick skid and held on for Dyer life. Until Lieutenant J. G. Richards reached down with his un-injured hand and hauled Lawrence aboard. For Richards' action and disregard for his own personal safety, the officer in charge of Seal Team One Detachment Golf, tell for his immediate superior, recommend it for the Silver Star. The award recommendations summary of action stated, quote, without the conspicuous gallantry and cool perseverance of Lieutenant J. G. Richards, it is doubtful that the patrol could have survived. The next senior officer in the chain of command, located at Navy Special Warfare Group Vietnam and Saigon, endorsed the recommendation. Inexplicably, the chief of staff for the commander US Naval Forces Vietnam, downgrade at the award to a bronze star. That staff went so far as to change the wording cited in the original summary of action. The citation for the downgraded bronze star now read, Lieutenant Junior G. Richards courage under fire, cool professionalism and devotion to duty, weren't keeping with the highest traditions of the United States Naval Service. Such a substantive change in wording undermined the rationale for the higher award. The remains unclear why the chief of staff located more than 150 miles from the battlefield made such an unusual decision. No explanation was ever given. The honor and recognition that were earned that day but not granted still rankals many of the seals and sea wolves who, along with Richards, risked everything to save first squad from certain destruction. Some have even argued that his original award recommendation should have been upgraded to a Navy Cross as Carl Nelson and Edward Dyer were awarded distinguished flying crosses, pointing out that Richards extraordinary heroism under fire at great personal risk with total disregard for his own life mirrors that of those recommended for higher awards. See Wolf Pilot Carl Nelson, who was on this podcast, number 288, expresses the sentiments best having flown more than 600 combat missions with scores of those flights in direct support of two seal teams, Nelson vividly remembers the scene unfolding below his gunship as the wounded platoon struggled to survive. Nelson recalls, quote, watching a wounded Tom Richards under intense enemy fire, drag each of his wounded seals to safety across a series of rice paddy dikes and load them onto the sea lord Heelow, it was the most heroic act that I have ever witnessed. Tom Richards heroism rates a Navy Cross at minimum. He directly saved the lives of his platoon. Now that right there is from an article from Naval History magazine, was written in April of 2020 by a guy named Captain Michael G. Slattery. Another section of the article that give us some more details, some more background on Lieutenant J. G. Tom Richards. It says, Chris and the Hulk by his fellow seals, Tom Richards was well-liked and respected. He enjoyed a reputation as a highly capable operator. He was a native of bright waters New York, a graduate of Bayshore High School, where he wrestled and played football. Following graduation, he attended Villanova University on a Navy ROTC scholarship. There he lifted weights and routinely benched press 400 pounds. He was commissioned an ensin in the Naval Reserve in 1969. While still a midshipman at Villanova Richards was accepted to basic underwater demolition seal training, when he began the rigorous program with class 54, the six foot tall Richards weighs 235 pounds. He graduated 10 months later with class 55 at a lean and hard 215 pounds. He was assigned to seal team one in Coronado, California. So that's what the article focuses on talking about that one day in Vietnam. But the Hulk continued to serve in the seal teams. And if you follow his career forward from that event 1971, and you go forward about 20 years to 1991, I was a new guy at Seal Team One. I didn't hear how my tried it yet. I wasn't even an official seal. I graduated buds, but I hadn't got my try it yet. It was a Saturday morning. And I was in the gym by myself and I was smashing some weights. And I was blasting Metallica on the stereo system. And this was a time at Seal Team One where there was a five disc CD player. And the entire thing was filled with all the Metallica albums at that time. There were five. And it was locked shut. So the only thing you could list, you had no choice. You were just going to listen to Metallica. So I'm in there. I've got the music cranked up to an unhealthy level. And in walks, Captain Richards the Hulk. Now he's a full captain. He'd just taken over as the commanding officer of buds. Actually took over before I graduated. So we all knew who he was. And I immediately, I'm a junior and list a guy. I immediately run over. And I turned down the stereo because I don't want to bother the senior officer. And as I turned down the stereo, Captain Richards is meeting him in there on a Saturday morning, Captain Richards goes, hey. And I look over and he says, turn that shit back up. And so I did and worked out and he was working out. And we were throwing right away to round and he was throwing around more weight than me, by the way. I doubt that. And then you fast forward a little bit further. I think it was 1996 or 1997. I think it was 1997. And now I meet the Hulk again. Only now he's the Admiral. He's in charge of all the seals. And he interviewed me and wrote, me a recommendation become a seal officer. And I got accepted into that program and carried on with the rest of my career. But never forgot the impression that Admiral Richards left on me and on the seal community. And it's an honor to have him here tonight to share some of his experiences, some of his stories, some of his lessons learned from a 30-year career in the seal teams. Admiral, thanks for coming by. Well, Dr. O. Thanks for having me here. When I sit here and listen to those excerpts from Michael Slatteries article that takes me back to those rice patties and it is a day that I would have to describe as one of the worst days in my entire naval career had to be the worst day. But I also tell you it was the best fucking day. Because I got those guys. I got those guys out of the kilisome over to the protection of the egg and then into the yellow. Yeah, I was a big strong guy. There's something called a drone rush, a drone high and all that other stuff. And maybe you could help some, you know, limp dick, you know, pencil neck geek, you drag some of those guys across the rice patty, but I seriously effin' down it. Thankfully it was me. There was only one hand and I was able to drag those guys out of there. Listen into Carl Lillton. Make those gun runs. I don't know if there's any car nuts in the room or listen in here. One of my roommates at Villanova had a 1967 Corvette 427-425 Dam horsepower. And when skips done on that thing, I believe you had a couple of cutouts, legal or not, but when skips done on that sucker, it roared. Well, that is the closest sound that I can describe to those who haven't been there when a minigun rips off and lights off and that was one of the most beautiful sounds that I've ever heard. So as I'm going back and forth, Grant Taufer and his update to the award recommendation, you know, use those terms that you used in the article without regard to my own personal safety or my life. I have to tell you that I never gave a thought to anything, but my teammates, who were Grant was shot in both legs, rock, jam roll, shot in the chest and the groin. Of course, Jim's major concern with those injuries was, would the equipment that would work again? And then you mentioned how, don't if you tried, was getting ready to go into shock. You know, I had never been trained about what somebody going into shock sounds like or doesn't. I had no clue, but as soon as I heard done, and you could hear his voice going up a few octaves, you referred to it and note to me about his curly voice. Hey, Dyn, you were just shot in the damn chest. And you got to write to me, you know, going into panic or whatever it is, we didn't have that conversation. This is flashing to him and went. But I could hear it and I just said, you know, it just came to me as the end. Get his mind off his situation and get it back onto our situation. I didn't realize how badly he was injured and he was going to be useless as Titson a borehog after that. But I just wanted to get him back into action. And out of any shock because, you know, we're in the middle of nowhere and you have no idea how if we're even going to get out of there and if we get out of there, how long it's going to take and so on and so forth. So, you know, just the great training from the legends and seal team one before I got there, you know, that we used to call seal basic and Dr. Nation training and then we'd go through it pre-deployment training program. But those who set the history of seal team one before I got there, those guys made all the difference in the training and my reaction and everybody else's reaction in the right patty. So as I was saying, it was the best of days and it was the worst of days. You know, thank God everybody got out of there. I don't know how often it happens but I'm going to bet not very often both Roland and Futreau when they were shot in the chest. The bullets pass front the back, didn't touch a bone, you just went through soft tissue and the heat of the round actually, I yeah, quarter-rise the, quarter-rise injury. Those guys, you know, we're, you know, God damn lucky is all I can say. Of course, I didn't know that at the time and, you know, it was just a real, a real, crappy situation but as those guys got wounded, you know, my focus became, we got to get out of Dodge, you know, we got to just get the hell out of here and it was a hot DZ. We had 70 or 80, 90 VC. We hadn't realized that of course but we had all these guys in the jungle on the other side of the rice type and constant fire, you know, he was, you know, Carl providing that fire at 70, 80, 100 feet above ground level. He's right there in the, in the action, you know, that's, that's not a hard shot to make if you know how to shoot at E-Los. Thank God they didn't. So Carl and his crew were in danger and then the slick, the he-Los called the slick, is because it doesn't have the many guns and the rockets and so on. Slick comes in naked to pull us out of a, out of a hot LZ. You know, as you said, he hovered there and I had to make those three trips under fire and without, when do I had you can get rid of the light and provide that cover fire. I couldn't have gone back and forth to that rice type to get those guys. You know, and so as, I'll never forget it, Gary Lawrence says, you know, banging away and he runs out of bullets and he calmly turns to me and he says, I'm out of bullets. Jesus, H Christ. So seeing as my, as my weapon didn't work and I usually went up with a thousand to 1200 rounds of ammo on my body, I ripped off a bandal ear and, you know, for a little bit of background is, you know, just like you're seeing those old movies with Pantrovia and all those, you know, bad guys and the westerns, they got these bandal ears of ammo wrapped around their body. Well, that's exactly what I had. But what I did is I put on a, put on a T-shirt or a blue and gold wrapped the bandal ears around my body and then on top of those, I put on a set of camis. I don't need to cut down on the noise, but it also cut down on the reflection of the brass of the rounds and it protected them from anything that we might run into. So when those guys ran out of bullets, I did a button on my, on my camis shirt top and just pop the, pop the link and, you know, through 120 rounds off to Lawrence and 120. And it's kind of like, you know, if you, if you watch it, it's kind of like a snake flying through the air and they grab it and they pop it down and they, you know, slam it in the, in the receiver of their weapons and they start returning fire. Quite a, quite a brave situation for those guys. And they were completely exposed, you know, well, we're all completely exposed. And as I'm loading the guys into the heel, I'd like to take full credit for that, but the, the crew members, as I got these guys up out of the muck, I mean, you know, the, because they hadn't sat down into the rice paddy, the, the deck of the, of the cabin of the, the Huey was too high for me to lift these guys and I'd get them up high enough and then the crew members are, you know, drag them into the, uh, drag them into the heel. So it was a, it was a bad day at BlackRock, a real shitty day at BlackRock to be honest with you. So it was the worst day in my career and the best. Um, I got a bunch of questions. So we'll, we'll get to Vietnam, uh, back to Vietnam, because I'd like to hear about how that, you know, what your workup was like, how you ended up there will get there, but just to give us a little background on you, let's just talk about it, you know, what, what your childhood was like, how did you become the Hulk? Well, that was pretty tough becoming the Hulk. I'll tell you, I tell you why my, my dad was a policeman. And, uh, today, policeman who are first responders going out and dealing with, uh, God knows what in society they're not paid well enough for what they do. Uh, go back 60 or 70 years. They weren't paid, you know, period. Uh, so, uh, the were in a lot of second helping that they had, the dinner table. Uh, so, uh, while I, uh, I grew about, uh, you know, about six foot five, 11 and a half is probably the God's on his truth. Uh, if, uh, if it wasn't nailed down, anybody else to the house wasn't eating that I was, you know, there's an old story about the only thing that ever broke was a handle on the refrigerator door. Well, I, I broke the handle on the refrigerator door more than once. Uh, but, uh, somewhere, uh, in, uh, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I never wrestled. I went to a, uh, uh, Catholic grammar school. Uh, I am a retired Catholic, uh, but I went through a Catholic grammar school and, uh, got to, uh, the high school was the first time I saw anything like, uh, like wrestling. And, and it was interesting. And I saw, you know, went on for the wrestling team and, uh, we had a, uh, a great, uh, freshman wrestling coach. And, uh, I want to say his name was Gordon Howell's Wrath, but, uh, uh, great, uh, our great coach and, uh, uh, he was kind of in Biblin on the benefits of, uh, of weight training. Uh, but he also was a helpful in getting me a, uh, a, uh, a lifeguard job and, uh, you know, a village of bright orders at one of the, uh, the beaches. Uh, and, uh, that was on a bay in a canal. So, you didn't need any open water skills at that point in time. So, uh, what I did that summer is I had probably like a 110 or 150 pound weight set. And I brought it over to the, uh, to the beach and we had a little, you know, garage kind of thing. And, uh, and on my breaks, you know, I'd go over to do a few sets of this out of the other thing. Uh, lunch break, and I do a few more sets and before I got on my bicycle and rode home, I'd do a few more sets. Uh, I came back to, uh, to wrestling the, uh, the next year. Uh, J.V. And, uh, coach, uh, house wrath calls me out to, uh, to use me as the demonstration dummy on some particular move that he was going to do, right? So, uh, he, you know, calls me out and I laid on on a matinee, uh, he, you know, is telling the rest of the team what he's going to do. And I just locked. And here's this, you know, 35 year old man, uh, you know, 16570 pounds, uh, you know, wrestling, you know, champion and his, uh, and his own right. And here's this, you know, smart ass kid who'd been lifting weights all summer long. And he couldn't move me. And he, and he said, me, says, what did you do? And, uh, you know, change people's minds about weightlifting and conditioning for wrestling at least at Bayshire High School. Uh, where did you get, where did you get the idea? Where are you looking at, like, uh, uh, magazines? I mean, how did you figure out even the idea of weightlifting? Where did you get the weight set from? Well, Ray played if you listen to this, uh, it's your fault. We had a, uh, we had a guy on the, uh, uh, on the, uh, on the football team, uh, name is Ray played, uh, and, uh, so I'm another, you know, 50 year reunion a few years ago and, uh, he's doing well. But Ray had arms that look like somebody's legs. And Ray wasn't the biggest guy on the team. My, by any stretch of the imagination, but Ray was our nose tackle. And nobody on the other teams pushed Ray around. And I said, that looks like it works. Let's give that a try. And so I did. And I learned a lot, uh, on my own, but, uh, I, uh, I went down to, uh, I got the Navy ROTC scholarship for you to said to, uh, to the villain over. And, uh, uh, that's a, uh, that's an academic scholarship. Uh, you've got a pass of physical, but it's, it's not like, you know, going to buzz. I mean, you got a, you got a fog of mirror. You got a, you have 2020 vision and, uh, and, uh, and that kind of thing. And so, uh, I, uh, you know, got the scholarship and, uh, you went on down to villain over. And, uh, you know, I could, you know, try to walk on to the football team. They did not have a wrestling team. I could have tried to walk on to the football team. But, you know, I said, I don't know what this academic stuff is really going to be. I've got this, uh, scholarship. So, uh, before I overload my, uh, myself, let me just, uh, you know, not go out for football. And so, uh, the football team at the time used the same weight room as, you know, the, the, the wannabes were, you know, anybody else at the school. So, I, you know, I lifted, uh, you know, with the, uh, with a lot of the guys on the, uh, the football team. And, uh, there were, uh, there were a couple of monsters on the football team. The, uh, the number one rated, 118, 188 pound power lifter, not only collegially, but nationally, AAU, uh, was on the villain over football team. A name was John Sanrico, uh, you know, stronger than a law allowed, uh, but, uh, with, with a name like, Sanrico, his nickname was dizzy, uh, but that John, uh, John could, uh, could quote only bench press about three and a quarter, three, thirty five and he was always complaining that listen, this is 198 pounder, you know, five foot eight, uh, 198 pounder, played full back, uh, and he's benching 335 pounds, you know, I mean, that's something to write home about. But John could squat 600 and something. He could deadlift 700 and something. If somebody tried to tackle him around the waist, they were going to break their shoulder. So I really got interested in, uh, in, in listening at the time. And, uh, we had a, uh, we had 190, another 198 pounder, uh, at the, at the school and, uh, Jim Repucci was, uh, was also ranked nationally and, uh, he was the number two 190 college leftier. Uh, Jim was a little bit stronger in the upper body and, uh, you know, Jim had, uh, 198 pounds a four hundred and ten pound bench press competition bench press. So, uh, we, uh, you know, we were always going neck and neck and I lifted a 242. Uh, yes, I did get up to 250 of my wife is listening to this. Uh, but, uh, I lifted a 242 and, uh, uh, I had, uh, you know, I had, you know, a good strong four 15 bench press. And my last collegiate meet I went into. I opened it four, went to four 15 because Jim's record was four ten so I had to break it by five pounder. Yeah, you got to screw it to boys, you know. So I, I had the four 15 just to get the school record and, uh, back then, the equipment was not as, uh, uh, uh, regulator if you will as it is today, you know, the bench had to be, did not have to be X number centimeters, high X number centimeters wide. So this bench was just a little bit wider than we were used to bench and with them. When I hit that four 15, like, I came down and it sort of, my shoulder sort of tweaked it by and I pushed it up anyway and I just said, you know, you know, you got to, you know, do, uh, do deadless here. I don't want to really screw up the shoulder. Uh, because my plan had been to set the, uh, the record and I, and I done it in the gym and 435, but, uh, I never hit it in the, in competition, hit it in the gym, but not the competition. Uh, so, uh, that whole weightlifting thing became, uh, it just, uh, it, well, it's something that, uh, that I, you know, I'm still trying to do. So fast forward to showing up at, uh, no, wait a minute, we got to go back and we got to go back and how did you hear about the single teams? Uh, readers digest, if you can believe it, readers digest magazine. I had been, was that, was that in high school, was that why you were in Villanova? That was when I got to Villanova. As I said, my father was a policeman. We didn't have a lot of money in the house. And, uh, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I older brother and, uh, and older sister, uh, if there was any money to go to college, they got it. I didn't mind. So, it was, it was, it was explained to me if I was going to college, I was going to college on this college ship. So, uh, I actually had a part-time job that I was, uh, I was planning on doing the day of the ROTC exam. And, uh, my father says, you're taking this test. And, well, it was 20 or 25 bucks. Doesn't sound like much today. But in 19, was at, uh, 60, uh, 65. I was a lot of money, 64 or 65. So, anyway, I, uh, I passed on the, you know, 20 or 25 bucks. And, went into that, uh, ROTC test. We're a little bit of a bad attitude, but, yeah, so as I got on the room, it's a, oh, eight a minute, you know, you're not getting the 25 bucks, you know, that's, that's, that's history, you know, let's, let's take the test. Uh, so, as you may know, you have to take the test. Then you have to pass the physical and the, uh, ROTC program tells you that they will provide you with the scholarship. You then have to apply to the university and get accepted. So, a completely different process. So, uh, I did, uh, my father being a practicing or a convert to Catholicism was, uh, Adam and he says, you know, there is, you know, about 50 schools on the list. Then, and how to ROTC scholarship, he says, you can go to these five or six, those were, like, the Holy Cross, uh, you know, the one of them, Notre Dame, uh, those were the, those were the schools that I had to apply to. Uh, I applied and, you know, that, uh, the rest of that is history. Uh, so, uh, it was, it was, it was a great program. So, I get to Villanova and, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, what was back up a little bit more to, you know, staying in, uh, in school. I was, I was, I was a good student in high school. I was, uh, you know, I was the one that the rest of the honor class kids couldn't figure out what I was doing in the room. Uh, so, uh, head and uh, in the, in New York, uh, they had a, uh, still do probably. A program, uh, called the Regents, uh, Regents Testing. Uh, so at the end of the, end of the year, uh, you would, uh, you would take a, uh, a statewide exam and, you know, math chemistry physics, whatever it might be. And, uh, uh, I don't think I got under 94 any of those. Um, so that's part of what, uh, help my, uh, uh, transcript for, uh, review by Villanova looked, looked pretty good. Uh, and I had, uh, scholarship offers to, uh, the, uh, state university of New York system. And, uh, I was, you know, pretty much determined that I was going to go to a place called Portland State, uh, Portland had, uh, an, uh, an excellent, uh, you know, PT program, uh, you know, for, uh, teaching and, uh, they, uh, they also had a pretty good wrestling team at the time. Uh, so I, uh, how good did you do in wrestling in high school? Uh, I, I did better than, uh, better than it shows. And I, so I'll tell you my, uh, my, uh, my, uh, how they, uh, my, uh, um, uh, uh, well. Uh, uh, uh, um, um, um, uh. Uh, um uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh uh uh, uh. I want to say, uh I was from, uh, from West Islip, uh, one of our big gravels inson. Anyway, uh, uh, the guys stood on me, uh, from the, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, it's all got punched for my feet and then the second and third rounds, you know, you start with one guy and what's called the bottom position and the other guy, his arms around the, around the rest of the, the top position. One of the most common moves is a stand from the bottom of the guy and the bottom will stand and rip the guys hands off of his waist, the guy who was on top and you know, get away and get his one point for the for the neutral position. Well, I said, you know, okay, stand up. So what I did is as a guy with stand and I just went up with him, used his own, his own momentum, lifted him off his feet and swung his body so it was kind of like perpendicular to mind. So now what I did is I instead of throwing them to the mat, I just, you know, bent down to the mat, I bent my knees and as I said, this guy was, you know, perpendicular to me being upright so he's parallel to the mat. So now that he's sliding down my side, my knee would hit the mat, he'd slide down, along the side of my body and hit the mat. Nobody knew that this guy had had a couple of damn concussions during the football season. So when he bounced off the mat, he bounced and laid there. That was not my plan. My plan was to teach him not to stand on time, Richards. And, you know, so he's, he's laying on the mat. You know, I said, terms are there going to go shit and, you know, what the house going on here, you know, went through my mind. And unfortunately, I got, quote, brand that has a dirty wrestler as a result of that. And right after that, they rewrote the damn New York high school wrestling rulebook that had said the man in controls knee had to touch the mat before the opponent, which is exactly what I did to the man on top, most safely returned the opponent to the mat. Now I suppose it's an all-girl sport, not sure. You know, yes, that shows a certain amount of, you know, the male shawbinism you're right. But anyway, I get to the, I get to the county meet. And I'm in the, you know, semi-finals or something like that. And this guy, I, guy stands up and starts to get away from me. And I try to take him down, not in the matter, then I just discussed, but just like a double leg, take down. And I get him and I pick him up and he squirms away from me. I don't have control of him. He squirms away from me. Next thing I hear is a, is a whistle. I get penalized one point because they claim that when this guy got away from me, that I threw him down to the mat. And when he got away from me, I had managed to scramble around behind him and get control. So I should have had two points for a take down. Long story short, the guy put on his tracks shoes after that. Yeah. And the rest never called them for stalling like chasing around the mat. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I'm winding. But I can say that they rewrote the New York State High School. It was, I was a real disappointment. But quite frankly, had I, and so he ended up like second or third in the state that year. And I'm just saying to myself, you know, you should have been a track star and not a wrestler. But anyhow, but all, all things considered, you know, I went on, I want on to the, to the ROTC scholarship and had I had I got in the New York, had I won New York State. I probably had any number of wrestling scholarships. So you wouldn't be talking to me today if that happened. So we're good here. So then you pick up a reader's digest at some point and read an article about the seal teams. What was it about UDT? So my father, as I said, you know, didn't have the money for first call it for high school or college tuition or anything like that. So was your dad a vet from World War II? Yes, he was, and what did he do? And he was a, he was a gunnery instructor. And he, he actually never, never left the United States. But, you know, one of the places he was stationed was a sportsman New Hampshire. And after I retired, I ended up working for a company in sportsman New Hampshire right on the Naval Base where he was, he was assigned. But go back to the ROTC scholarship. That was my, that was my ticket to college, my ticket into the Navy. So as I'm looking around the Navy, I'm trying to figure out what it is that I want to do. I've been a lifeguard for years and years and I wasn't, you know, decent shape. I could swim. And so I, I was, that Navy, you know, still had, you know, PT boats. You know, they were using them all over there in Vietnam. So on. And I said, yeah, small boats, stuff, you know, sounds like, you know, some fun, because I'd cut grass in the summertime and save money and I bought my own, you know, 14 foot, you know, boat with a 30 horsepower Johnson, you know, every route out for a motor. And so, you know, small boats were something said, okay, this is what I want to do. And then, of course, the Navy doesn't have much of an emphasis on that. And so I look right, find this UDT stuff. So I look at swimming, you know, working in the, working in the, in the ocean and work with demolitions, you know, that sounds pretty interesting. So I said, oh, you know, I'll try for that. And then I find this, this article about the, about the seals. And I said, really sounds interesting. I think I'd like to do that. So I couldn't find out much about it. But, uh, while I was there, a little while I let the, uh, the staff know that this is, this is what I wanted to do. Uh, and I made the, made the application for, uh, for buds and, uh, and, and got accepted. Well, in my junior year in Villanova, I had changed majors. So in my, between my junior and senior year, which would have been your first class crews as a midship and, uh, I ended up going to summer school and I did not make my, uh, make my first class crews. So I'm getting ready to graduate my senior year and graduation and commissioning as I has held sort of simultaneously at Villanova. And, uh, I, uh, get called into the, uh, you know, exos office there at the ROTC unit and he says, I got some bad news for your time. Uh, you know, you won't get commissioned here in, uh, in beginning in a may with everybody else, because you've got to go on a, uh, go on your first class crews before you can get commission. Well, you're not going to believe this. That's when, you know, that's when the guy who did so was, uh, and his, uh, you know, ROTC test, uh, you know, got his, I got his brain back together and that's the first time I learned the power of the, uh, of the pen and independent thinking of the Navy. So I rate this letter to buteers and say, hey, I'm going to be a frog man. I'm going to be a see, well, I don't need this first class crews. What an arrogant jackass I was. So long story short, the Navy comes back and says, okay, you know, you don't have to go into first class crews. I get commission with everybody and, uh, and I go out the buds. Got to back up just a little bit here. So as I'm, you know, understanding that there's a certain amount of, uh, uh, swimming required and probably running another conditioning, you know, I've, I've just kind of gotten, you know, bench breast, you know, 400 pounds at the, at the, at the, the collegiate, you know, weightlifting champion. And you're walking around at 245? I was walking around at 245 at that point in time. Uh, and, uh, you know, squat, you know, 500 and something, uh, you know, deadlift, you know, five and a quarter or something at that point in time. Long story short several years later in the career in, in my, uh, and once I was in the Navy, uh, you know, 10, 10 years later in the Navy, 25 pounds lighter, 30 pounds lighter, I lifted more except for the bench press than I was a villain over. But anyway, uh, so, uh, nobody in the ROTC staff could tell me what I needed to do, you know, when I showed up in Coronado. Uh, and, uh, so I said, well, UDT underwater, you know, got to be some swim in here. So, yeah, I jumped in the pool with villain over about three times, maybe four. And I said, well, uh, if there's going to be a lot of running involved, you know, you know, I started doing a little bit of road work, you know, and I, uh, I dropped 10 or 12 pounds and I showed up at Coronado, thinking I was ready to go, right? So, I show up. They give me my first, uh, uh, issue of equipment and they tell me that the, uh, the class was in pre-training at the time is, uh, is over, uh, here at the, at the, at the ocean front, go over there and tell them who you are and, uh, that you're joining the class. Well, I showed up and, uh, walk up and, uh, you know, instructors looking me like, who the hell are you? And, uh, before they even let me take a step, they make me go get a freaking EKG because they shut thought that I was short-fat, you know, pile of whatever. And so, here's another time when, uh, when you're, you're, you're alligator mouth over Lodger hummingbird ass. So, uh, we got instructors, I don't, I don't remember if Terry Moy was there. He's a, you know, legend in our time and the legend in his own mind. Uh, but Terry was, uh, was quite the guy, but there's another guy standing there. Uh, your complexion, ECON. And, uh, he's, uh, his name is Dick Allen. Dick is about 511. He's the All Navy and I think he might have been the inner service boxing champ. And Dick was standing there at about 215-20. And I, you know, looked at Chief Allen. And I said, you know, shit, he can do it. I can do it. Oh my god. That had to be one of the dumbest things that I ever said in public, to anybody. So, uh, uh, they, they, they kicked the shit out of me. Uh, I did not pass my first green test, uh, because like I said, I didn't even know what the screen test was. So, they rolled me back to, uh, from class 53 to class 54. I didn't even, uh, you know, sign up with them. But, uh, what year was this? Uh, this was 1969. So, Vietnam's in full swing. Full swing. You know, you're going to Vietnam if you go to a sealed team. Absolutely. And remember, there were only two sealed teams at the time. And I guess you guys were still getting orders to UDT out of Buds to at that time. The majority guys coming out of Buds got, I got orders to, uh, to UDT. Uh, was there, was there any, I mean, what was the culture in America just so split that you just didn't even think about, like the hippies that are running around and protesting wars. Did you, did you see another were those people around Villanova, were those people in Cornano? So, in my last semester, Coronado, excuse me, uh, last semester, Villanova, uh, all these young, uh, politically active individuals decided that they had to make a statement. Uh, so they're holding a, uh, uh, a rally and they're, uh, blockading, uh, access to, uh, to the campus. And, you know, shit, I'm one of these guys, right? And, you know, well, no, I didn't, I didn't have the bank accounts. I didn't, I didn't go to Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands on Spring Break. Uh, but I'm one of these guys. They, they know who I am, uh, because I was, you know, my senior year, I was about to read a couple of bars that everybody went through. So, uh, here they are. They're having this big demonstration and, uh, I forget what particular class it was over, Barclay Hall that I had, but I'm walking over to Barclay Hall and you've got this, you know, you know, massive students and head, uh, campus close, can't go, you can't, can't, can't go on campus. I'm, I say, well, we, we have one minor problem here. I've got a class and Barclay Hall right over there and I'm going to Barclay Hall and the, the, the only problem is that you're temporarily between me, Barclay Hall. So, what's it going to be? They stepped aside, I went to class. It was, it was easy. So, so you had no idea what was going to happen in Buds. I had no clue, not a clue. So, I cleaned that up pretty good. I had, I had, I had, I had no idea what it was going to be about, but, uh, while I was, while I was at Villain, I was not only that I left at the, I'm a German base, but there was a YMCA in town. And I ran into this guy who claimed to be a, uh, a retired, you know, Navy Corman who would serve with the seals. Uh, uh, can't remember his name, you know, 165 pound, uh, you know, dark and pleked the guy. I think he was a Italian American, whatever. And, uh, we got, we got to talk in then, and I told me a little bit about, you know, you know, the war stories and, and, and how tough it was. But one of the things that he said to me, he said, every one of those instructors is a humanoid. Every one of those instructors had done whatever it is they're about to ask you to do or what they're about to do to you. Uh, so I said to myself, if I locked the mind mind at that point in time, I said if that human being or that human being, or even that marine over there can do that, I can do that. So that was the mindset I went into the buzz with. He can do it. I can do it. And, uh, he worked. What was, was there anything that was hard for you? I was, I mean, I, I, I, I, too, was your runnin, did you suck at running or did you get get out of pretty quick? Uh, I sucked at running to graduation day. Uh, but, uh, you know, you know, 500 and, you know, some odd pounds squat, you know, going into, going into training. I could, I could, I could run. I could, I could do 50 or 100 yards quick. Uh, so when we, back when I went to training, Jockel, you remember when it was hard. Uh, so, uh, we, uh, we, we trained on the other side, uh, back, where the ball fields are, form and field is. Yeah. So we'd finish up, uh, our, our PT on one side of form and field, uh, the side away from the bay towards the ocean. And over on the, on the, on the base side of form, form and field, uh, was a, uh, a row of, uh, pull up bars and dip bars. So after PT, uh, we would go run over to those bars and do pull up to dips. Well, the deal was, the instructors would break you into groups of X amount of guys and you would run over to the, uh, to the pull up bars. The first guy in each group got to stand there and, you know, scratches ass. Well, everybody else is in the lean and rest punching out 20, 50 or however many pushups. I never did pushups after PT. I was always the first man in my running group to get over there. If it was over 100 yards, I was the last man. Uh, but I never had to do pushups. And that group, but uh, so I don't know if we still call him Goon Squad's. I don't know when you went through, uh, okay, I'm sure, Jack, I'm sure you made a few of those. I made some Goons Squad's. You might be playing me at all of them. The deal was, and I didn't realize that the deal was with the instructor staff as it were ever instant Richard's. That's where we cut the Goons Squad. So one day, uh, uh, you, you know, a abnormal race myth. He was in the class 54 and 54 as a class I started with. Went to third phase before I got to say a lightest infection. So I'm a man of two countries or two classes, uh, but I graduated with 55. But anyway, uh, first phase ran I were, uh, you know, uh, we're on one of the conditioning runs, we're running north towards the north island fence. And we're, uh, we're just about in front of the, uh, the lifeguard towers at center beach there in, uh, in Coronado. And Ray and I were running along just having a conversation, you know, I mean, because these conditioning runs weren't fast. Uh, they were, you know, hard enough, but they weren't real fast. So Ray and I are running along having this conversation and Ray looks around and he realizes, oh, shit, we're, we're right about here at the, uh, uh, point where they're going to cut the Goons Squad. He said, time I got to go. And Ray literally took off at that point in time. And he was no more than 10 or 15 yards in front of me where the instructor stepped saying and says, all right, everybody, uh, soon in the position, that is pushups because we're starting to go and go and go and go. And so they cut the Goons Squad wherever I was. Except one time. So we're doing a soft sand conditioning run this time we're going south. And uh, we're running down towards the, uh, towards the, uh, the public beach down there and that's about a, uh, a three mile point. But, uh, right across from the, uh, uh, where the marina is, there used to be a great, big pile of sand. And we call that Mount Surabachi. Well, the, uh, the instructors would take us down to soft sand road, uh, which was between the, uh, the ocean front and just probably got, you know, 30 or 40 yards in from the Strand Highway. We'd run down that soft sand road. And uh, then we get the Mount Surabachi and we'd run around Mount Surabachi. We'd run up and over Mount Surabachi. Well, I got tired of all this running up and down Mount Surabachi stuff. You know what I'm saying? I mean, I have, I have tossed my cookies, you know, more times than I can tell you. And, uh, and I have one hurting son of a gun. So they, you know, they go up and over Mount Surabachi, the loop around and they had on down towards the, uh, towards the state park beach there. And I don't even have the freaking class in sight, right? Yeah. Today, today, an instructor gets shot for losing track of, uh, of his student. But, uh, they, I don't even have a class in sight. So the class goes down and I know what, I know what the run is for the day. So they're going to come back. So I just, you know, loop around Surabachi, you realize. These are this time. Loop around Surabachi. The class comes back. I loop around in the back of the class and, and it just worked out through the instructors were looking forward as I came up. And the goosequad had already been cut down by the state, uh, the state park. So I, I, as I had caught up to the class, uh, this, uh, great big, uh, instructor, uh, by an amateur tracks, bear tracks, uh, Williams, uh, looks over the class and he sees me as the last man in the formation. And he looks at me. And he says, and some Richards, I don't know how you got to be here. I do know you're not supposed to be here. But Sam, how you did it. So I'm going to let you stay here. And that is the only good squad I ever missed. Uh, how many, so I guess you said you were in 54. That's where you went through hell week with. Right. I went through, uh, you know, hell week, uh, and diving phase was the third phase and then that point in time. So I went already, all the way into the second phase and diving week before I got a satellite, a disinfection that actually hospitalized me. How many people quit during hell week? We started with slightly over, uh, slightly over 200 guys in class 54. And we ended up with, uh, right around 52 54 guys, uh, you know, graduating out of 54. So we lost 150 guys. Just ringing out, ringing, ringing at Bell. Kind of crazy. And then, you said, at this time, some guys were getting orders to UDT, some guys would get orders to seal team. It seemed like at one point it was you were going to go to UDT most likely. Yeah, a couple guys would go to seal team. And you ended up getting orders to seal team? Yes. And as far as I'm concerned, I was no action. And because what I did is, uh, I realized that the situation is just as few expressed. Uh, and then only a few guys and then have gone to the seal teams. Well, I petitioned a couple of the, uh, of the instructors, that, uh, hey, I really want to go to seal team. Uh, and, uh, you know, one of them was a, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, a highly decorated, uh, seal chief by the name of, uh, Tommy Hatchett. I don't know if that name rings a bell to you. But, uh, Tom was, uh, was one of the few black guys we had in the teams at the time. And I went up to, uh, to Chief Hatchett and I said, you know, Chief, uh, uh, I really want to go to, go to seal team one. I think that's where I belong. And I went up to a couple of other instructors. And now at this point in time, uh, Chief Hatchett was, uh, uh, uh, Chief Hatchett was in, uh, second phase. And I'm in third phase. But, you know, I went to those guys because, uh, second phase. Of course, not of course, second phase was land warfare and those are the, uh, the seal guys. And I said, you know, this is, this is what I want to do. And, uh, obviously, I must have said something to somebody, uh, because, uh, because they let me go. So you show up to seal team along, let, let, let, let, let's back up. I want to tell, I want to tell two training stories here. 100%. Uh, in, uh, different different how we have, uh, have different, uh, layouts. And, you know, what's done when, uh, because of course, the, uh, the, the students, you know, learn too much about what's coming up next and, uh, and they can sort of, you know, get their minds, uh, get their minds around it. So, uh, when, uh, Admiral Smith and I went through training together, uh, one of the events that they did was, uh, you know, I don't know what they called it, but let's call it the last man standing. That is, they drew a circle in the sand, put the class inside the circle and said that the last guy inside the circle gets X number points for his, uh, for both team. Well, uh, you know, race myth was a, uh, was a boxing champion at the at the Naval Academy. Uh, I, Jesus, I want to say, uh, he, he was a, uh, he was a, uh, he was a weight man that is he threw, uh, uh, through the, uh, hammer or something like that. Uh, so, Ray was a pretty pretty strong guy. Ray was about 200 pounds, maybe 205 at the most, maybe a buck 95. So, he's taller too, right? Yeah, about my height. All right. Might have been just a little bit taller. Oh, I mean, because he, he did look kind of skinny. Yeah, he's a weight. So, uh, uh, Ray and I went up to each other and we said, hey, let's, let's, let's make this easy on ourselves. We'll throw everybody outside of the circle and it'll be you and I and see who gets the points of the book group. That's exactly what we did. We threw those other 50 suckers out of the circle and, uh, came down to Ray and I wrestling on the ground and I'm trying to pick them up and throw them out of the circle when, uh, you know, instructor Moise sees and I've raised my head there. You know, see where the line is and where I've got, uh, where I've got Ray so I can, you know, toss them out of there and just as I raised my head, instructor Moise had a IBS powerful force in through it in my face. You know, basically I had eyes ears, nose, mouth, force and quite frankly, I thought I was blinded. Uh, but, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the students say that after I roared at instructor Moise that I only missed them by a couple of steps. Because I'm in my friend. I said screw screwing screwing, screwing, Lieutenant JJ Smith. I'm going after the next time of the picture just filled my face full of sand. Uh, I missed, I missed the instructor. Uh, they had one of the guys take me down the water and clear me out and I, you know, the crappy thing is the race missed and even get the points for both crew, uh, because, uh, he didn't throw me out. I, uh, I left them my own accord. So fast forward 20 some of years. I'm now the, uh, the skipper of, of butts and, uh, uh, Ray is, uh, is the admiral in charge of, uh, uh, Naval Special Warfare Command and, uh, Ray and his wife Kathy are living across the street on the amphib base and, uh, Ray's son is going through seal training. So, uh, Ray, uh, you know, we have, we have the breakout and, uh, you know, some people, the breakout includes, uh, uh, busting the students out of the barracks, giving them all sorts of confusing directions and things to do. Uh, there's also instructors firing blanks from him 60 machine guns, uh, using, uh, you know, flash bangs, which are a very bright, very loud, explosive simulator to disorient the students. And yet here, you know, a couple hundred yards away on the other side of the strand highway is Navy housing. So, usually that Sunday night when we started how weak we, the phones lit up and, uh, one night it was, air movements, wife Kathy complaining to Ray, you know, what is, I'm doing to those boys. So, as their son goes through training, uh, I was, you know, particularly careful to make sure that, uh, that I did not single, uh, you know, him out, but, uh, I was, it was also, uh, you know, attentive to the fact that, you know, sometimes, uh, the son of a, we call him legacy is going through training, uh, just like they did and what was that, uh, was that movie, uh, uh, animal house, uh, you know, legacies, uh, but, uh, we, we wanted to make sure that, uh, you know, somebody's father had been, uh, jackass of the week to one of the, uh, the instructors, that that didn't carry over and take his sons attempt to get through training. But anyway, I remember, I remember Ray coming, you know, telling me the story about, right, do you realize what they're doing to the, uh, I'm sorry, Kathy, if you hear this, but Ray was, Ray was concerned about her, Kathy was concerned about her son. Ray and Kathy were married when, when Ray and I went to training, but, you know, Ray obviously did a phenomenal job of not, you know, telling Kathy about what, how bad his day was. Yeah, that's the hard thing to camouflage, too, because you're coming home with you chafy, you're bruised up and you'd up, you got cuts and next all over your body and your ankles and knees are swallowing up, it's pretty savage. Absolutely, but, uh, you know, Kathy obviously didn't appreciate what Ray was going through when he went through training. So we get through Nate's first phase, he makes it, makes it through how weak and well, not quite. So, when Ray and I went through training, how weak secured on Saturday morning, not that you added easy jacco, I understand. Training, training secured on Saturday morning. Well, when I was the, the skipper of the center, training secured on Friday morning, you got a whole 24 hours off. So, uh, the, as I mentioned earlier, you know, guys learn, you know, tricks about what happens at what point in time during the week. And so, the classes had come to understand that okay around 10, 10, 30, maybe 11 o'clock on Friday, they're going to secure you, you know, because the Corbin got to give you a check and then they got to make sure that we get anybody over to Belboa who needs to go to Belboa. That's Belboa and Naval Hospital, but, uh, of course, the instructors want to get off by, uh, by three or four o'clock and afternoon. So, we've got to secure everybody earlier. So, the students knew this. So, the students, uh, so I, I get the instructor staff together. I say, this is what we're going to do. The students think that at the end of this particular revolution, their week is over. So, when they get, when you get them lined up here, they're thinking, we're done. So, we're not done. So, what I did is I went out to, you know, they thought I was coming over the, uh, coming over the doon to these guys lined up by the, uh, by the ocean that I was going to secure training at the, at the, at the, at the, at the, at the, at the, at the, at the, at the, at the, secure, secure, how weak. Secure means to, uh, you know, finish it up, close it down. So, I come over the, uh, come over the, uh, the berm and I walk down to the class and I start to engage, hits and smith and conversation along the lines of, you know, and since Smith, you, you, you probably remember stories of your father that he and I went through, uh, through buds together and everybody is a soup sandwich at the end of the hell week, whether it's Friday morning, when it's Friday morning, you're Saturday morning. Everybody's a soup sandwich and since Smith was no better and he has no idea what the hell I'm talking about. He just knows that they're standing there getting ready to get secured. So, I said, and since Smith, do you recall that, uh, when you're dad and I went to seal training, seal training didn't secure until Saturday morning. This is only, this is only, you know, 10, 30 Friday morning. If you guys got another 24 hours and I turned around and I laughed. I did not secure a week. We got all these kids thinking we're done, we've made it. Maybe I can get a hot shower. I can't take another step if I had to and there's guys with tears running down their faces. And they turned, uh, turned to each other. I can't, I can't do it. I can't, I can't, I can't, they can't. I can't. I can't. I can't 24 hours. So, the deal I had with the instructor staff was, okay, they, you know, you must of the kids up and, you know, off they go on a, uh, on an IBS carry towards the, towards a rocks in front of the hotel del. And what I want at them to do was to suck it up and do whatever was necessary. And so these kids sucked it up and they went down to the hotel del and came back and I secured him. I secured him. I said, this is a lesson you're probably never going to forget in your life. You thought that this was going to happen. That is how we was going to be secured an hour ago. It didn't happen. You need to suck it up and figure out what to do. At that point in time and maybe it still goes on today, but classes would have a t-shirt made for their class and there'd be some kind of a cartoon or caricature on it and the same. Well, that class is saying was, it isn't over till it's over. And every one of them learned a lesson, not only in that class, but for the next several classes, they didn't know what was going to happen. That was my objective. Keep them confused. Something else I did when I was a CO, but it was, established something called the junior-offs through training course. Now as we all know today, seal training is broken to several sections, but two distinct sections. The first approximate six months is equal to what I did back when I went through training. The second six months where you're in your qualification as a seal is more advanced training. In my day, they had something called seal basic and doctoration training. That is, you would get to the seal team. You would go through this five or six weeks of advanced training, which is what today's second six months is. You would go through that next six weeks or so of advanced training and the decision would be made whether or not to commanding us, who's going to recommend you for your tried and turn to become a seal. When I graduated from seal training, me and X number of guys as we discussed the few moments ago went directly to seal team one. A bunch of guys went to UDT 11 and 12. 13 was still around then too. So what happened was those friendships that you and believe me, as you know, Jockel, I'm sure you guys understand there are no tighter associations and friendships and you form when you go through bud straining. So what would happen was naturally when you get a bunch of guys, 10 or 15 guys from a particular class, go into a particular team, they tend to hang out together to include the junior officers and they will special warfare is probably one of the few organizations where there are a lot of close friends between the officers and the enlisted and I mean really close friends. First name basis, you name it, you know, Godparents, the kid, you name it. It's close association. What I wanted to do was I wanted to break that bond. I wanted to break that dependency. I wanted those junior officers to have to go to a team and stand on their own, not be able to lean on a bunch of guys that they had gone through training with. They were now officers. They were now going to have to make some significant decisions that would potentially affect some of their fellow classmates. They were always officers if you won't, you know, going through training that officers were assigned more responsibilities and lean on harder than the, than some of the troops. But I wanted to give these guys, non-oys separation, but I want to give them some tools to work with. So I started at that point in time when I called the junior officer training class. And it was only two and a half or three weeks at the outset. I don't know what it is today. But we set that program up for two reasons. Leadership training, you know, management, you know, training exposure to other other factors about the Navy, other than bunch training. So I set that up and now that junior officer training is part of that second, six months of of the of the bunch training. But I feel I feel proud and the fact that that still exists and and of course it's part of that evolution of training that is naturally going to happen. But it was one of the one of the best things that I thought that I did while I was to see a whole butts. Yeah, and just it's expanded a ton. I know my buddy, Lave was actually when we got home from our last appointment together. He took over that Jocci course expanded. We started, he started taking guys out in the field. We really focused on leadership and I think it by by the time he was done, I think it was out to maybe six weeks and just trying to make it more more comprehensive and get the guys more prepared for when they do show up at a sealed team. So it's still there. We put together a reading list, you know, and we not just so that guys that have a list to refer to, we made everybody take a book and provide a summary. I forget the name of the the Ensignoo took Dick Marcinko's first book, Row Warrior, and before I said anything else, sorry to see that Dick's past, he was a very influential individual in the development of development group, Field Team 6, whatever they're called today, although Dick did things his own way, ruffled a few feathers in the process. I have nothing but the greatest personal respect for Dick Marcinko. So Dick gets out of the Navy after a some kind of a felony conviction, Tom Richard personally feels it. I don't think Dick Marcinko would do anything, you know, of a felony nature, that's just not who Dick was. Dick could be a royal pain in the ass and you know, you name it, but Dick got some things done. So anyway, he writes this book, Row Warrior, first of his books, and he reveals a number of things that were probably classified at the time, but he just served some time and I think he retired as a commander. I'm not sure what happened to him. He had been promoted to Captain, but in any event, the Navy decided not to slap his wrist about some of the things that were in the book, but you can tell reading the book that Dick had not separated from the Navy on the greatest of terms. And so this young junior officer who was the first guy to review Dick's book titles his book review, Row Warrior, as opposed to Row Warrior. I'll never forget that answer. He noted some of the things that Dick said and he saw some of the way that Dick was poking his finger back in the eye of the United States Navy. He did a very good job. Of course, that's exactly what Dick was doing. And saying, fuck you, the United States Navy, because Dick was a junior officer training course was something that I was really proud of. So you obviously, at the end of Buds for you, you didn't have junior officer training course, you just showed up to the seal team. And that's why I created that junior officer training course, because I saw what I was missing. I mean, I walked into a team and now I've got, how many years did you have before you got commissioned, Jockel? I had eight years. Here I go. You know, what behind the years, you know, Enson, and I'm walking in and I've got to be the guy in charge of guys like Jockel, who's got eight years under his belt or in my seal puttune, we had Jack Schulz and who was the Randy Sheridan to first class, I think Jack made chief during that period of time. You know, I really should have been on a learning mode as opposed to a leading mode at that point of time. And I learned as much as I could from those guys. So again, that goes back to the whole, a whole premise of that JOTC. So you graduate from Buds now, it's just checking in the seal team. How many guys from your class went to seal team one? I don't remember, you know, I was Gary Stoulfield, you know, best man on my wedding, Son, and he and I deployed to Vietnam, I'm sure they're after. Was it just rolling? 177, do you graduate? Right, and I graduated in April of April of 1970, that was 55, class 54 graduated in February. And Gary was from 54. There were half a dozen of us, maybe no more than a dozen that went to team one. And right into, right into puttunes, right into pre-deployment training and boom count. I know I talked to some of the guys from Vietnam and they said when they checked into team one, I remember one guy told me, like, you got in the shower, you know, after a PT or something, he's looking at everybody's like shot up, everybody's wounded. It's just so much combat for those guys back in that time. And the seal team, seal team one, and seal team two, that's it for the seal teams. And there's, what do you have 150 guys at the team? Thereabouts, that's a good number. And we had, we had situations in seal team one where upatoon would be scheduled to come back from a, from a deployment and the deploying buttunes had it on over there. And maybe they hook up in the Philippines. We're a couple of guys from that buttune that was supposedly coming back to the states. A couple of those guys with ordmin at that buttune and go right back in country. There were, there were a lot of, there were a lot of deployments like that. And a lot, a lot of hard men. How long did it take you for you to get your trunters? You went through SBI and SBI said it was like eight weeks long? About probably closer to six. And that must have just been straight, just jungle training. Jungle training, you remember 9-land? Yeah, they're California, the salt and sea and the, the, irrigation, you know, can I also the sound that feed into that provided some really, interesting terrain. And of course, it's the frickin desert. So it's hot. So it was, it was a really good place to train. And then you, and then at the end of SBI, that's when you get your trident. Right. And then you get put into a puttune. Absolutely. And at that point in time, you were going into a puttune. And the, the challenge for the CO and XO at the time, of course, is okay, what's the, the makeup of the puttune? We normally want to have an officer making a second deployment. And then you've got a couple of couple of senior and listed and maybe a couple of junior and listed senior and listed might be under third grip. The junior guys might be under under second. But we had a, we had a, a green puttune. Grant Taufer was a surface warfare officer before he went through training. And he started training as a lieutenant. So, and I don't remember how many, you know, how many years senior to me he was. But he started training as a lieutenant. And was that his first puttune as well? Exactly. Or wrong. He, he and I graduated in class 55. Okay. So, the XO called me in and you know, asked if, asked if I wanted to be the AoIC and grants puttune. And I said, sure, that, that gets me, gets me where I want to go sooner than normally would have. Now, you bet. And as I said, we had jacksholes who later got commissioned. Retired is a commander out of the dev group. And Randy Scherdin, who got wounded and I think he was medically retired from, from, from, you know, an action in, in, in Vietnam with the puttune. Randall Hedge. And I think Moses Marquez, whether you're the two guys who had prior, prior deployments. So, we had out of, out of 14 guys, ten of us were FNGs. So, you do a work up and you're preparing to go. Now, now you're together with your puttune. And how long is that? Do you spend six months like nowadays we do? No, no, in, in that case, as I said, so I got, I got there in April. We deployed in the end of August. I got there in April. We went through SPI. Yeah, doing the math. Yeah. I go through SPI and finish up SPI and they're putting together this puttune, Zulu puttune. And then we, we get Zulu puttune putt together. We go right into, uh, the right into pre-deployment training. So, uh, and it was only X number of weeks, uh, you know, a couple of months, uh, because we had to, you know, finish up, uh, we're enough time to give, give guys a, uh, a week or 10 days off before, uh, deployin, just to, you know, take care of business. Uh, so it was, it was a pretty, uh, you know, slam-bam situation. But you had, the, the awesome thing is you had guys coming back from Vietnam that were running your training for your puttune. Oh, absolutely, uh, the SPI program, uh, when I went through it was, uh, run by, uh, guys like, uh, Mesh Chief, Own Yui, uh, and, uh, you know, Uncle Own, uh, Mesh Chief Own Yui was a, uh, was a fantastic individual. I don't think I ever heard him raise his voice, and I don't think I ever saw anybody working for him not to do exactly what the hell they were told to do. Uh, my, he was, he was a piece of work I remember, I remember working with Owl later in life. And it was just, uh, just a pleasure. But, uh, Own, uh, Gary Gallagher, uh, you know, Gary? I just know these names. Okay. Gary Gallagher, Nick name, Muncher, Navy Judo champion. He's one of the instructors. So we set up this, uh, this event where we're supposed to, uh, take down a Hooch, we're supposed to enter it, search it, and uh, if there's anybody in there, you know, take them hostage and, you know, search for whatever, uh, might be there. So we go to the, uh, we go to the Hooch and, uh, uh, we, we set up. I'm, I'm on the outside of the door, and I'm, I'm facing away from the Hooch, just, uh, as security just in case somebody comes up while the guys are inside. Well, the bad guy in there is Muncher. Muncher is 200 pounds. Like I say, all Navy Judo champion, right? Muncher throws a couple of guys away in the, in the inside of the, uh, inside of the Hooch. He comes blasting out the door. The Hooch is on his knees, you know, you know, there, and to provide security. I got my, my, my weapon, uh, yeah, at the ready. And as, uh, how you, uh, ripped on, uh, fetched Chief Gallagher, you let that 220 pounds in the news on his knees, catch you and wrap you up, because I mean, I caught him from behind. I caught, you can get out of your from behind and just, uh, you know, wrap them up in a nice neat baggage and, uh, fetched Chief you, uh, uh, kind of blast with that, but, uh, you know, but lesson learned, you know, there, there we go. Here's this, uh, here's this bleeder coming up and, uh, you know, you got to be prepared for, uh, for those, uh, for those bleeder's coming out. And you guys were, uh, there was no other mission that you were looking to do, uh, you know, you're ruining Vietnam, and that's just 100% of the focus. Complete, uh, I mean, when you look at the, uh, the mission focus at the, the seal platoons have today, uh, the breadth of, uh, the breadth of the, uh, the type of missions they can get, you know, like, uh, you know, introduction at sea, taking down a ship at sea. I never thought of that. You know, I mean, uh, I wouldn't have had a clue of how to do it. Yeah, I'm sure, uh, as our guys have done today, we've clearly figured out how to do that, uh, and, and those type of things. No, you know, we, uh, we were, uh, we were focused on one thing. We were created by President Kennedy to do that. And did you always carry a stoner? Right. That was my, that was my weapon in the field. Uh, and even when you were telling that story, you were throwing linked 5, 5, 6 ammo to two other guys. Right. So how many stoners did you have in that squad? Uh, let me see. We're Gary and Gary and Wendell might have been the only other, uh, because I think, uh, yeah, I think Gary and Wendell were probably the only other two guys. Actually, the guys had, uh, you know, M16 or M16 variants. But the important part of that is, and one of the reasons why multiple guys were carrying stoners is so that you had that ammunition in our operability. And, you know, my, uh, the receiver group of my weapon took four rounds, uh, and the, and the guy said, if, uh, if that stoner hadn't been across my chest where it was, I'd have been out of had four holes. I wouldn't be, I wouldn't be here having that conversation today. So my gun was an inoperable model. Uh, but as I said, I carried anywhere from 1,000, 1200 rounds on a, uh, on an op and, uh, I had, I had plenty to give away. When you, so when you guys, so you guys get done with the point, and now you're going, you're flying over to Vietnam. Do you guys fly commercial over to Vietnam? How to get over there? Fly commercial. Oh, yeah. Yeah. All kinds of sod guys flew over there. A lot of army replacements, they flew over there, commercial air. Or I guess it was chartered flights. That's what it was. Charged and ready to army guys, which fly over there in commercial flights. We, we flew over, and I believe what might have been the last United States Navy C118 I believe it was. And, uh, you know, we were going to go to Hawaii from Hawaii to the PI and then to, uh, and then to, uh, you know, Thompson, that airport in, uh, in Saigon. So, um, as Navy pilots would have the habit of doing, uh, sucks. We got the Hawaiian broke down for a few days. Well, uh, none of us, you know, none of us were rich at the time, uh, or now. But, uh, you know, I had, uh, I had a few bucks and, uh, you know, managed to waste it, uh, but I also, uh, you know, was able to distribute a few bucks to some of the other guys in the Patuna because we had no money. We didn't figure we're going to be anywhere we're going to have to pay for anything or have the chance to go buy a beer. Uh, but, uh, you know, we, uh, we broke down and, uh, broke down in Hawaii. And, uh, that's where, that's where Grant Taufer showed us is, uh, his, uh, palm tree climbing skills to go up and, uh, you know, pick a coconut. It did, from there you go. Did you stop in the PI? Uh, we did. And then from there you get it to be it now. What's, uh, what's, what's, what's it like when you hit the ground and Vietnam? hotter than I could have imagined. We're talking August in, in Vietnam. And, uh, yeah, I, I didn't grow up with, uh, with air conditioning. But I grew up on Long Island and you had the Long Island sound on one side and you had the Atlantic Ocean on the other side. So it never got really got, you're particularly hot. Uh, so, uh, you know, the, uh, uh, going through, uh, going through training in the summer in Coronado was as hot as I'd ever been. Before I got to, uh, before I got the Vietnam. And, uh, it was just hot, humid, muggy, uh, and, uh, a, uh, a, uh, a hyper kinetic level of activity like it's hard to describe. So what was your, where, where were you located? Uh, we, uh, we spent a few days in Saigon and, uh, then we were shipped down to, uh, uh, the, the very southern tip of Vietnam. If you look at Vietnam on a map, there's, it's kind of like a little tail kind of like the, uh, the keys and, uh, in Florida, well, there's a little tail down there and, uh, the very bottom part of, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, of Vietnam and we were on the, uh, we're on some called the Coulon River down there. And did you have another opportunity with you or is it just a little bit, there were several Patoons, you know, cycling through there? What we had was something called C-flow, and C-flow was a series of barges last together in the, uh, in the river, uh, with the attachments of, uh, you know, patrol boats operating from there and seal Patoons operating from, uh, from the, uh, from the, uh, from the barges. Shortly after we got there and, and when we arrived, they had already started building a, uh, a, uh, a short air strip, uh, and some, uh, what did they call them? Sea huts, uh, you know, plywood and, uh, you know, screen sides and, you know, you know, it didn't do much more than, uh, blocked the rain. Of course, there was no AC. And what was the mission set you guys were given? We were, we were there to, uh, to look for, uh, for V.C., uh, you know, V.C. tax collectors, uh, you know, anybody, uh, infiltrating that, uh, that part of the world, gather the intelligence, try to find out who these folks were, where they were, and go after them. Uh, we did, uh, we did specific, uh, ops going in for an individual at at a location. Uh, we did things like, uh, going out in, uh, sand pans, but rolling a night looking for the, uh, for the V.C. tax collectors, uh, you're trying to hit up the, uh, the locals, uh, we'd sit on, uh, sit on, uh, you know, reverse side ambushes, uh, you know, looking for these guys. Uh, I missed a particular, uh, the operation, but, uh, grant, uh, grant Telfer squad had a, uh, had a phenomenal app, uh, you know, based on some intelligence that we generated, uh, and again, uh, you know, jackshults, uh, uh, uh, uh, would, uh, would go off, uh, you know, uh, checking with, uh, the PRUs, the, uh, the advisors, and, you know, looking for, you know, bits and pieces of intelligence, and, uh, one of the, uh, uh, one of the clues that they came up with was a, uh, a weapon storage facility, uh, not too far from, uh, from where Salt Anchor was located down there in the, uh, Nam Can Province. At that point in time, our squad was up in a place called Damdoir, you know, 25, 30 miles up the river, something like that, uh, and operating out of there. We thought, uh, you know, might be some virgin territory. We couldn't, uh, go find some bad guys. But while we were up there, uh, you know, grant and, uh, the other guys found this, uh, you know, one of the largest, uh, ammo caches, uh, you know, VC ammo caches, located in the, in the, in the war. Yeah. What was your off-tempo like how often were you guys going out? I've heard, didn't, they sometimes rotate squad one tonight, squad two tomorrow night and go back and forth. Absolutely. Uh, and sometimes, if you, if you, if you didn't have something to work with, uh, you know, it might be every, every, every third day, might be every fourth day, uh, but, uh, oh boy, uh, we had a, uh, we had a, uh, a little sign hanging on the, uh, on the, uh, on the, uh, on the outside of the Hootch, and I actually, uh, that, that, that, you know, where you draw the little lines and then a slash to a, you know, five, uh, those were the, uh, those were the, that was a, uh, telly, they, what we, of the, of the known K. I, uh, I, I really don't remember the, uh, the total number of options we did in that, uh, in that six months. But it was, uh, but as I have the optempo, you were working a lot. It was, it was heavy enough. Yeah, I, uh, I, I would not have wanted to have to go out more often than that. Uh, you come back, you know, because you go out and you're completely break your, uh, circadian rhythms. Uh, you know, you, you go out and you go out at night and you're, you're exhausted, you're slugging through, uh, through an ankle knee deep, uh, mud carry, and you have 50, 60 pounds of, uh, of gear. And a few, uh, you, you, you, you, you, you patrol, you know, five, ten, uh, clicks, 15 clicks doing that stuff. You're a whip puppy. And it, it takes a couple of days to respond, because you don't want to go out, tired, and you don't want to go out and not fresh, because if you do, somebody's going to die. So you had, would you guys have, did you guys have 14 men in your Patreon? Exactly. 14 guys. This, this squads you're going out with with seven, seven, six, five, whatever, whatever, whatever we felt was, uh, necessary. We, uh, we were sitting down there at, uh, on the on solid anchor, and we were routinely getting mortar, uh, you know, from some place, you know, few clicks, uh, 13, East, there and a few clicks north. So, uh, what you do is, you, you look at the, uh, at the impact of the mortar. And you can tell by the, uh, the size of the hold of the mortar makes, whether it's a, uh, uh, uh, you know, 51 or, uh, 82 millimeter mortar. That's it. And the bad guys did the 82, we had 81's, right? Okay. Thanks, it's been a while. So you can tell by the size of the crater, what size mortar it was, and that tells you the maximum range of the mortar. And again, looking at the crater, you could also tell if it was a high angle shot coming down from a short range or so you could kind of figure out that range. And then, of course, the orientation of the crater from the impact tells you the estimate, the back estimate where it's coming. So we kind of did that and we said, okay, they're probably coming right down this year river and setting up about here. So we went out early and set up further so that they'd have to come down in front of us. You know, we were tired of having a car games that erupted by a mortar attack, you know. So we, uh, quite frankly, that's true. There were several motorhatt attacks where we were out of that, out of that car game and into the, uh, into the bomb shelter before the brick and cards hit in the floor. I'm telling you. Uh, but so we went up there to try to intercept this mortar crew. And, uh, you, of course, you want to be careful and not tip your hand with, uh, with any kind of, uh, VR visual reconnaissance of the, uh, of the area. So we, we did a VR and then we came, then we set the up a few, a few days later. But the canopy was so hard, what we missed was another trail on the river. So we set up X number yards off the river. So we'd have a field of fire on the river because we figured they're coming down the river. Oh no. These boys are coming down as well-worn track behind us, you know, you know, with Linnix here, whatever the, uh, Vietnamese were, uh, we're doing there. Yeah. All the sudden we're sitting here facing the river. And we hear this chatter going on behind us as these guys are walking behind us with the, uh, with the, with the mortar. And we couldn't, we couldn't do anything. That is if we started to make the noise to shift and try to take them, uh, under fire, we'd have given, uh, these guys are walking down the trail with their, with their guns in their hands. You know, we're sitting there, uh, sitting there and lying there and kneeling there, uh, you know, in position facing the river with all guns pointing in the wrong direction. So we, uh, we'd have made a hell of a lot of racket and we don't, you know, taken some hits. So we call off the mission and, uh, you know, later on we, uh, we're, uh, we're in our own sand pans, patlin' back to, uh, back to Saw Nanker. And you look off in the distance and you see this flash. Well, the, the Vietnamese had a, uh, 105 millimeter battery across the river from Saw Nanker. And, uh, we also had a, uh, a shared talk, you know, tactical operation center. And before we went out, we put a designated no fire zone. So we're patlin' our sand pans back down the, uh, the river. And I see these flashes. And because of the angle of the flash, you know, it's headed near Frick and direction. And, you know, I said, well, and not convenient, he wears near us. All of a sudden, there's an air burst, almost directly above us. And then a few more air bursts, you know, up and down the river where we are. I get on that radio and, and I, you know, to the, uh, US side of the talk, you know, cease fire. Probably set a few things in the, on the air that I shouldn't have said, but cease fire. They cease fire, uh, and, uh, and I got back to the talk and, and, and I'm a J.G. I had this fucking lieutenant about the hanging from the rafters, as I was explaining to him, you know, how he almost, you know, killed some of us. I could not believe you could see, you could see the shrapnel, peppering the water, all around us. Nobody got hit. I don't know how that happened. Another lucky day on a ranch. Uh, how often would you say you guys were getting any contact when you guys went out? I don't want, um, the kind of guy I am, not enough. Uh, yeah, we went over there, killed bad guys, you know. Uh, these people had caused the United States of America to get into a shooting war over here. And so my job was to kill the bad guys, and, uh, we didn't, uh, we didn't have enough contact as far as I'm concerned. You know, uh, uh, I'll finish up with another thought on that, but, uh, you know, that's, that's what I sign up to do. And if the nation comes to a point where that needs to be done, send me coach. You know, that's, that's, that's who is in the seal teams. That's why you have seal teams, special forces, green berets, air force special operations guys. These guys, you know, send me coach. That's what we're here for. So, as you got towards, because the, the event that we started off talking about, that was one of the last operations that you guys were scheduled to do. Is that right? Absolutely. We had, uh, we had deployed in, uh, in August of 70, and, uh, we were, you know, scheduled to come back to, uh, the, uh, beginning of February, 71, and, uh, and, uh, and my squad had, uh, you know, started, uh, you know, clean in the gear and prepare and gear to pack it up and, uh, and send it home. Uh, because one of the last things you have to do is, is clean everything because it's going to be inspected to make sure you're not bringing back any, uh, particular mud floor, uh, or whatever from, uh, from overseas. So, you got, you, you, you, you, you take the warmth of the prepared. We'd started that process in my squad and grant, uh, grant wanted to do one more operation and, uh, since it was grant, uh, with, whether, whatever information he had, I wasn't paying attention to it, uh, uh, uh, uh, I was working with my guys getting ready to, getting ready to come home. But his operation didn't quite go as he planned, because he flew, they, they, they, uh, contacted in the helicopters. They, they took fire on the way into the area where they were going to go. Uh, and that's when, uh, Marcus Royale got shot in the shoulder and wounded, uh, seriously enough to end up, uh, being medically retired. So, they, they, so squad one goes out to execute this mission. As they're flying into this LZ, they take fire. They're getting wounded. It's bad enough that they can't, they have to have to abort the mission. They come back to base. They come back to base and, uh, they take Marcus off the, uh, the plane, our corpsman, uh, doc Harris, Tom Harris, who's on his deathbed, uh, Tom Harris takes, uh, Marcus down to, uh, we had a, uh, calling a sick bay. Not much more than that, uh, they're it's on anchor. And Tom is monitoring, uh, you know, what's going on with Marcus. Uh, doc Harris was, uh, excuse me, Marcus was, uh, uh, the, uh, radioman for that, that's squad. Uh, doc Harris was the other radioman, the other radioman in the Patoon. Uh, doc Harris is taking care of Marcus Royale and, uh, uh, so, uh, grant needed a radioman. And so, uh, my basic thought is, it's not smart to go back, grant wanted to go back. Uh, and I said, well, you're going back. So, I was going to have to carry your ass out of the rice paddy, uh, and I'll carry the radio. Uh, words to, uh, words to that effect. Uh, and, uh, we, uh, you know, it wasn't too, you know, to grant, uh, and I don't want to say in defense, but, you know, in grants thought process. It wasn't exactly where he was going in, uh, but so anyway, we go back to that area. And, uh, we, uh, we took fires. We were coming in, and, uh, we, uh, we landed, and we went up a rice paddy over one and up the next and, uh, we would, as I say, taking fire almost immediately, but we went up that, uh, third section of rice paddy, uh, we were just, uh, we just didn't kill them. Had you guys had any one wounded prior to that? Yes. Uh, uh, Randy, Randy Scherd and had been, uh, seriously wounded, uh, he, uh, he, he basically lost his elbow, uh, as a result of the wounded he got on, on one of my squad operations. And, uh, did you guys had anyone killed in your Paltoon? No. Oh, yeah. And, uh, you know, I feel fortunate to be able to talk about the operation of 31, uh, January, uh, 1970, 30 January, 1970. One, uh, because nobody was killed, uh, with that number of bad guys, uh, and without the, uh, the, the, the flying and dedication of, uh, how three, uh, Carl Nelson in particular and, uh, and his, uh, you know, his door gunners, uh, I'm not here to have the conversation. So it, it's, uh, it's interesting to be able to have that conversation, uh, any, uh, any smart ice remarks that I might make about it, call it seal humor, uh, but, uh, you know, that's, that's what it is. I'm happy to be alive. And I'm glad those guys are alive, too. Yeah. Um, and then that ended up being the last mission that you guys did. Absolutely, there was nobody left to come anywhere. Uh, we, uh, you know, and, uh, unfortunately, uh, there was not much of a debrief, uh, you know, we were all there, and, uh, we all there have been two, I think, except Marcus, Marcus said, uh, Marcus went, well, I don't know what his, uh, his, uh, his, his, he's back process was, but, uh, the rest of us were there, and, uh, and, uh, been two, he third, uh, field surgical hospital, uh, together for a few days, but then, then we went different directions, uh, in the, uh, in the process, uh, uh, Jim Roland went one, one place I came back to San Diego. I don't remember where Grant went, uh, but, uh, you know, I basically, Jesus, I don't know how many years it was before I, I saw Grant again. It was just one of those deals. How bad was your hand messed up? I can't imagine getting shot in the hands. It seems like, uh, for you to be totally mobile with your hands. What, just keep it lucky? Uh, yeah, I got lucky. And, you know, when, when you tell somebody that you were, when people want to, you know, people are almost hesitant to ask about your war-wain because they figure you're going to pull down your pants and show where you're shot in the ass, you know? Uh, but I've, I've got a better one because I was, I was holding, holding onto the pistol grip of a, uh, of a machine gun. The round went through the end of my thumb through my finger. You can see how the, uh, nail there is, uh, somewhat damaged. And then through the, uh, through the hand and just shattered the, uh, the bones in the hand. So, I was a radioman at this point in time. And, uh, I was fortunate. I was able to use my thumb, my index finger, uh, in order to, uh, to operate the, the hand sat, because the end of, end of my middle finger was no good. My ring finger was no good. And, either was my, uh, my pinky finger, so I had, I had two fingers to work the radio with and, uh, you know, it's for you to be able to do that. In, uh, in Grant Telfer's recounting of how, uh, this, uh, this went down. He said, uh, you know, he, he heard me, uh, Yelp or scream when I, uh, first got hit. And, uh, then he, uh, then he mentions in the summary that he provided for, uh, Captain Slatter, he, uh, he heard, you know, Tom, uh, Yelp a second time. Well, let me tell you about that second time. Uh, we've all seen, uh, people like John Wayne or, uh, what's the name Clint Eastwood, uh, get wounded and, you know, go on and do great wonderful things. And I don't remember if it was two mules with sister Sarah where, uh, you know, Eastwood takes an hour when the shoulder and he puts a little gunpowder on the, you know, hole in the front of his, uh, shoulder and hole in the back of his shoulder and pull the arrow back out through. So I said, hey, should he swing a do it? I can do it. So I looked down on my hand after I got hit. Uh, and I see what I thought was the bullets sticking out of the back of my hand. So, hey, you know, let's just take a second and take care of this. So I reached down and I grabbed what I thought was the bullet between my teeth and I, uh, and I just give it a good yank to, uh, to get that bullet out of there. Well, it was one of my finger bones and that finger bone was still attached. Ugh. That's as grand hurt me yoke the second time. I mean, I don't know what the pain is like given birth, but I'm telling you that was, that was absolutely, I swear to God, my toes curl. And, but that's the kind of guy you have in the teams. That's who the fuck we are. Yeah, okay. I got a hole in my hand. That's a bullet. Let me get rid of the bullet. Yeah, there's an old saying, you're fuck with the truck and you get dumped, right? That's who the special forces are. If you want somebody to go in there and do the job, you want somebody to ignore pain and do it. It is, they're supposed to do 1,800 special operations. You're coming home now from Vietnam. Did you know the war was going to, did you know that was probably going to be your last deployment? No, I didn't. And quite frankly, I got, got that information sort of like as a surprise. My, you know, when I was first wounded, they told me that we're probably going to have to have a second operation on my hand and restore full function. So I get the ball ball hospital and they unwrapped the cast and so on and they say, we don't think you're going to be able to move your ring finger. And so I moved my ring finger and, you know, not a whole lot of strength there, of course, but it's not a whole wall. If you don't think we need to go in again and straighten out the bones and so on, it seems to be function and just go through recovery process and you're good to go. So I said, well, if I don't have to have another operation on my hand, that's good for me. And so I went through the rehab and as soon as I was given a medical clearance that I was good to go, I went back into the XO's office and said, XO, sign me up and he said, Tom, I'm afraid, I can't do that. The war started winding down and you just said, Jocco and the leadership rightly so wanted to make sure that a bunch of guys, a bunch of guys, the rest of the guys who had not had actual combat experience would have that opportunity for that exposure. Let's make sure we understand opportunity exposure and the required experience that you want in your military fighting forces. So the CO and the XO we're getting as many new guys, the opportunity to deploy and get that exposure to, hopefully, shit I'm going to die or maybe I'm going to live and live through it in your different person. That's what they were trying to do. XO tells me that, unfortunately, I'm not going to be able to become a member of another putton. And I said, well, I'm out of here. I can't stay here and watch these guys go do what I want to do. So at that point in time, I went through a decision process trying to figure out, do I get out of the Navy? If I do what do I do? Border Patrol, FBI? What's going to be? Do I stay in the teams? If I do, what do I do? And so I went from Seal Team 1 to the Training Center as a diving officer. And that was a great experience. You know what the kids, the new guys, the new guys, the like four years, the officers like three or four years young and me, right? So I had that job. It was a great experience. So I said, well, I'll stick around for a while longer and ended up being 30 years. But I was really disappointed not to get the opportunity to go back. And as you know, I went to El Salvador when the Gootin and Commander Shuffleberger was killed. And as soon as I heard about El's death, I raised my hand. I was surprised that there were a few more people raised in her hand. But I raised my hand to go down there. I mean, that's where that's where my trade and my experience and my skills were going to be needed in some way, shape or form. I want to do that. That's why I signed up. So before you went down to El Salvador, so you did, you went to Buds for a little while as a dive phase officer. And two year, two year tour at Buds. And one of the things that I thought was a was a failure on the mission, where we all got, got wounded there in 30th January was an intelligence failure. So from Buds, I went to Defense Intelligence School. It was a nine month program back at the Navy yard in Washington to see actually the end of college. And the actually the end of college, the annex. Nine month program and from there I went to two years as the as the Intel officer at Naval Special Warfare Group two. Then I got to the team one to team two as the as the ops officer. And that's where I met folks like Bruce Van Hurtham, Dick Marcinko. You name it all the cast characters Bob. Bob Wagner, the Navy Cross winner from one of the Navy Cross winners in Seal team two was was running the training program at team two. And he was a he was just a hard as now son of a bitch. And he was a great guy. He wanted to make sure that the guys were our trained and ready to go and do what they needed to do. What was the at this time in the late 70s, I mean, there's just be no money for the seals imagining no like what was the as the as the Navy drew down, you know, during like the cargo years, what was that like. Seeing as I'm not sure if the Navy can stop my pension, I have a hard time answering that question. When when I came back from Vietnam, we had and before I left to go to the Navy the diving officer, the Navy was the Navy was tearing down. It's Brownwater Navy and they weren't really thinking about special operations. They were just thinking about Brownwater Navy. The you you interviewed Carl Nelson from Hal three. The helicopter attack light squadrons that were set up in Vietnam were commissioned in Vietnam and disestablished in Vietnam. Never even came back to the United States. There was not a commitment by the Navy to support special operations aviation assets. When I came back, seal team one had a had a directive to reduce and strength by it was the 30 or 34, the yeah, they sent guys to the fleet, right? They sent them back to the fleet. I the the expression that sticks in my mind was a 30, 34 is we call them might have been the dirty 30, but it was 30 or 34 guys. And, you know, Bruce Bruce van Hurtham and George Wehrington, you know, got rest of Seoul, George just passed away. But can you imagine somebody in the Navy were reducing end strings comes down and they tell commander-wereving them. Lieutenant commander van Hurtham, okay, you got a shit can 34 your guys who've just been through some of the most difficult training in the world and send them back to the fleet. They they came up with the best set of criteria that they could at the time for people who had only been in the team for a certain period of time. Guys with no deployments, guys under the rank of such and such, you know, there were there were a number of those things, but they did they did the best that they could, but it sucked. And a bunch of those guys came back probably most of those guys came back, but what that shows is when I just said about the the house situation, the seal team one and I'm sure seal team two went through the same thing. I actually have never talked to anybody about that, but you look at the at the green barays, the army was we're tossing those guys left and right. So the military did not understand the department of defense state department did not understand what was going on in the world and the type of conflicts we were going to see coming down the road. To your point there in the 70s it was a it was a period of time and not much was going on, but you turn around and you start looking at at El Salvador and other locations. You know, things are starting to look pretty pretty stinky around the around the rest of the world and you're not going to send an aircraft carrier or a bottle ship to do that. And in the end, we were going to go forward to the to the Gulf Wars, you know, multiple. And the first thing we did was we did was we did all the press was doing all the missions. Naval special operations, Navy special warfare. Officials are the same people that we were 50 years ago, excuse me. Time flies. Where we are today the same guys who were 50 years ago. figure out how to get it done. People like to use the term out of the box thinking. If you think there is the box, you're already constrained. There is no box. As we move forward, people wonder about what it is about Naval Special Warfare. We are problem solvers. We figure out how to get it. We are given some of the most difficult missions there are in the inventory of missions and told to figure out how to do it. Sure, we draw in all kinds of other specialties. But that is exactly what we do. We draw in. Look at that whole business with Bin Laden. That was not all us. But look at what was brought to bear when we went incredible intelligence assets. Incredible aviation assets. Incredible planning assets. Our guys figured out how to fly behind mountains and out of radar signatures. So the host nation wouldn't even know we were there. That takes a lot of innovation. Problem solving. When I talk to people about who the military is, what we do, people think of us as bullet launchers, tank drivers, airplane drivers, submarine skippers. They don't understand all the planning and thought and problem solving. Personal management, you name it that goes into having a successful unit. It's not just pushing a button and launching a missile that General Dynamics might have built. It's all the other planning that goes on before and after that is so important. That's what sets the military aside. So when you, let's talk about Al Salvador and this is one of the small conflicts that was going on. How did you end up getting down there? Well, unfortunately, I was at a team party back in May of 1983. And people were shooting the breeze and it turned out that Lieutenant Commander Al Schofferberger, who was serving a tour down there as a seal member of the military advisory group, had been assassinated. Boy, there's so much that I can say about that. I learned, I've had the opportunity to have some great jobs in the Navy. Each one of my have learned so many things and you don't have enough time to listen. But look at Al Salvador. So I've, how gets killed, I volunteer to replace them. And I was commanding Al Salvador of a special boat unit 13 at the time. Great opportunity. So the requirement for the guy for replacing Al Salvadorberger was they wanted seal experience. They wanted boat experience. They wanted the guy to be able to speak Spanish. They also wanted the guy to be a volunteer. Well, when my name was forwarded to the commander of the military advisory group, he said, well, three out of four ain't bad because I didn't speak Spanish. But I had the other stuff down. But that's exactly what I did. As I mentioned a little bit earlier, that's why I went to Naval Special Warfare. That's what I wanted to do. You know, one of the guys that sealed him one had his, what I was a skipper had his brother come out and they were running around and did PT with us and so on and so forth. And this guy says to his brother to seal, who is that guy? It looks like there ought to be a sign there. It says in case of war break-lass. And he told me about that and I had no laugh. But that's what I want to say about each and every guy in the teams. In case of war break-lass. So that's why I went down to what time of Salvador. I wanted to see what was going on. I had two or three weeks of personalized Spanish training and I was the outgoing commanding officer of a unit. I had because it was active and reserved. I had X number of active and I had three time that many reserve officer fitness reports. Chief evaluations to get out. And the other thing is a lot of those guys did things that deserved recognition during the period of time that I was commanding officer. So I had awards to get written up. And so it was a hard period of time and didn't get a whole hell of a lot of Spanish. But by the time I left El Salvador, I was dreaming in Spanish. How long were you down there? I was down there for a full year. But it was, I first got down there and I working in the embassy, whether they were Americans or Salvadorans, they all had to speak fluent English. So we could get business done because none of us here couldn't speak Spanish. We could get business done speaking English. And I tried doing it all in Spanish when I first got there. And it was enough of a delay. I said, okay, we'll work on this gradually. Now, I'm laying glaze. So we went, we spoke English. But that was one of the most exciting times that I've that I've ever had in the military. I got down there and there was a civil war going on. The Mill Group Commander, a guy named Joe Strangham, Colonel Joe Strangham, Moken Joe Strangham. I don't want to say the guy was on speed. But I don't know what made this meant take. That man never slowed down. That smoking Joe. I mean, you have parapatetic, hyper kinetic, you pick your term. That was Joe. I couldn't keep up with the man and I thought I was pretty good. So I get down there. I'm there for about 10 days or two weeks. And I have, you know, taken over the job that I was doing part time. And I'm the exo at the office as well as the Navy rep. And there's a retired or, I don't know, he'll have wasn't in the Air Force long enough. Hilder the Secretary was his panicked American and she was a piece of work. She brought out this piece of paper that Colonel Strangham had written. You know, this is Colonel wants me to type this up. I can't read this. And so Hilder and I were going over this particular piece of paper. It's the only reason I could make sense of it. I forgot what it was was because I had been part of the conversation. I knew what he was trying to do. But that's, I mean, he didn't have time to to write that right clearly. So 10 days after I'm down there, I finally, you know, he's, my position as I could see, see the Dorter's office and maybe even see partly into his office. And Colonel Strangham's getting ready to go off back over to the Estato Mayor, the Estato Mayor is there equivalent of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. He worked with the leadership of the Estato Mayor of Noitary. He's getting ready to blast off and go over to the Estato Mayor. And I was not at my lifting peak, but I was, I was, you know, pretty big, almost Jococci, and Colonel Strangham was a few inch shorter and, you know, good 50 pounds, maybe 60 pounds lighter. So I just stood in the door and I said, Colonel, we got to talk. I got to have some left and right margins. And so he said, okay, come on over the house tonight. All right, so. But that was a fantastic year. Colonel Strangham spent his time working very close with the Estato Mayor because as you remember, there were things like death squads going on before I got down there and before the Colonel got down there, I think there had been a number of nuns who had been kidnapped, raped, killed, and all that other stuff. And it was being blamed on some of the Salvadoran arm forces, not the bad guys, but in this, I would not. So Colonel Strangham was doing everything that he could to provide that U.S. influence on how to conduct warfare. And so in order to do that, he needs to spend a lot of his time over there. So I ended up being the stucky in the embassy. And when I say stucky, you know, that meant this, this meeting that came up, that meeting that came up, or this delegation coming down to Salvador and so on and so forth. So it was a wonderful opportunity. Let me drift right back to Race Myth for a second. Secretary Armourthage, the name was Ray Charmourthage, was a Naval Academy graduate. And, you know, Secretary Armourthage at the time was the assistant secretary of the fence for international security affairs, I think it was. He had a couple of active duty military assistance. Race Myth is classmate from the Naval Academy and another guy. So international security affairs is what paid for what goes on, you know, what money comes to Salvador and they monitor and review it and so on. And it was a lot of money at this time. It was a lot of money. It was a million dollars from all now. I don't remember the numbers, but and I should because I can't tell you how many how many hours a week I spent going over the numbers this time and the other thing. So about after we had that conversation, you know, Colonel and I, you know, so I'm in country, you know, no more than three weeks, no more than four weeks. And Secretary of the fence comes down to visit, Casper, Juan Burger. Secretary Juan Burger comes down and assistant secretary Armourthage is with them. And in my accelerated preparation to go down to Salvador, I went to a couple of courses and know is this Air Force was he major at the time. Anyway, he and I became friends in this three week course Air Force basin. He ends up being an assistant to the wine burger. So wine burger comes down for the full treatment and I'm handling the backside operations making sure that everybody's where they're supposed to be, yeah, yeah, and so I didn't have any contact with Armourthage, you know, you know, when Burger, this Air Force major, or that I had met Colonel Colonel Stringham comes back, we're having a debrief for the day and first thing out of his mouth is he says, who are you? What do you mean? Who are you? He said three or four people on the Secretary of the fence staff today asked me how his time rakers are doing. Who are you? So I said do him I said, well, one of my, one of my bud's classmates is a special assistant to, you know, Secretary Armourthage and you know, if we ever needed to play an ace in the whole things work quite going right, and I could always call Ray and you know, he'd be more happy to help figure out how to unscrew something and Stringham just shook his head. But one of the, there are any number of stories, you may recall that we had a limitation on the number of advisors we could have in country at a given point in time and that number happened to be 55 and as I say, there's a number of stories about how that number came up. Be that as it may, that was the number that we had to live with. I can count to 55 and my sleep starting with my left hand, my right hand, my left foot, my right foot. And if we had 56 American military individuals in country, the press was all over us like a hangover on Saturday morning. Oh, you're not living up to your obligation. You're trying to get too many trainers in country. You're doing this. Your bottom line is my job, my ass was going to lose a chunk. If number 56 was in country. We were at some points in time. We had guys get no off the airplane at the, at the Salvador and Air Force, you know, base and other guys get on at the same time just to make sure we stayed at 55. And at one point in time we had a series of challenges, security challenges in country. I had my go bag packed. I always had my go bag packed. That 55 include like the embassy security marines and all that? No, that's where it's going to go. The the marines had a security detachment and it was one of the largest. It was 025, 28 guys. It was a large, you know, marines security detachment. And so you had the marines security detachment. You had the military advisory group staff. So that was me, the Colonel. Ms. Martinez, a couple of, you know, three, four army officers and Air Force officers who were five, six Air Force officers who were army and Air Force officers who were doing various things as part of the military staff. Then you also had the defense at days office, defense at that day's office. They were only handful of guys over their effort. No more than half a dozen. So we had a meeting at the, at the embassy. We called everybody and to get everybody in uniform on the same page. It was about, you know, security kinds of things. And of course, there's a half a dozen media personnel always keeping an eye on. They counted and there was no way we had 55 of our advisors there. But we had a bunch of our advisors there. We had a bunch of the marines there. We had our mill groups to have. We had our, you know, at that Shays staff. So they counted well over 55, you know, military guys. And so I spent part of a press conference explaining to them, you know, who these people are and how they count and how close attention we do pay to that, that pay to that number. But that was a real, real pain in the, in the butt. So I, so as I mentioned, I'm talking to the, to the press about that. Mrs. Richard's little boy Tommy did not go to Salvador prepared to be, you know, fielding questions from the Washington Post in New York Times, San Diego Union. I mean, give me a break. I was a fast learner though, but it was it was difficult, you know, they had, they had a, they had an agenda and I had a, I had a mission. And so I won't say never the twing shall meet. But I had to, I had to be very careful with my answers. And I had to debunk a number of their, of their concerns. While I was there, and I apologize for not being able to recall the man's name, there was actually a reporter from San Diego who was killed on a, on a, on a battle zone. And of course, the Colonel was over at the Estato Mayor, so I was taken that next press conference. And I'm saying it, you know, one of the things that they, you know, press complained about was the, you know, the number of what they were calling non-combat injuries that were occurring. And of course, this reporters in your ear, death is, is, is, is non-combat and it shouldn't get. But I try to explain to them, there's a firefight going there. There's a gunfight going out there. These, these bullets when they come out of the end of the gun that are aimed by people are not necessarily the best marksmen that they are, that there could be these bullets don't have an aim tags on them. And, you know, it's hard to tell where they're going to go and who's going to get hit. One of the things that the, that the grill is did because they were, you know, gorillas and they didn't have the, the kind of funding that you might have wanted to have was when the shooters, the guys are out there. One of the guys gets hit fall down. One of the women or one of the kids go right out onto the battle zone to collect the gun and the bullets for the other guys. So they still have weapons and ammunition to carry out the fight. They're right there in the middle of the, of the firefighting. Of course, they're going to get hit. It is an art decision that they choose to make them combatants. But that's what they have done. They're no longer women and children. They are combatants. They are right there on the, on the, in the combat zone. That's the kind of thing that these different countries with these different senses of values do to the Americans. And they do it throughout the, throughout the Middle East. They were doing it in in Salvador. And that's the type of battles that our young servicemen are forced into. You take an American kid where they come out out of high school or college. What do we talk about today? We've got women's rights. We've got gaze rights. We have equal opportunity, you know, LGBTQ, whatever the, whatever the, whatever the variety of things are, that our youth of today is drilled to be so aware of and so conscious of. We treat women in the United States. My wife weighs about a buck 18 or a buck 20. If I was to raise my hand to that lady, I'd break her in half. I've never even thought about it. In foreign countries, they use women as flag jackets to protect themselves from bullets coming in. Those kinds of things are so antithetical to what we think and we believe as Americans. And yet we take this kid out of Peoria or yeah, you know, pick your, you know, central United States or central American values. We take this person and we put them in the middle of this shitstorm, this soup of total disregard for human rights and human life, human values. And, you know, we do this to people on a daily basis. That's, that's the kind of thing that I really first encountered in Vietnam saw it brought home again in El Salvador, you know, being on the ground as I was. So we do some pretty interesting things to our to our youth of America by throwing them into this cauldron of this content that we do. I could go on, go on for that one a little bit more, but that's a incredible thing. So I will go on with after just a little bit more. Let me talk about something people call PTSD and I won't use some of my terminology on your podcast, but we need to lose the D. Let's just go back to my day in the rice paddy in January of 1971. I got down to you trial with a bullet hole in his chest. I got Grand Telfre shot in both legs. I got Jim Rowland with a bullet hole in his chest and his groin. My hand is, you know, it looks like a, it looks like kind of, you know, raw hamburger, you know, left and left and a pile of juice. I'm not ever going to unsee that. I'll say that I don't mind and I really don't because we had signed up to do that. That's what we're there for. But people today are coming back from from wars and they're seeing far worse. They're seeing roadside up, you know, IEDs, you know, supposedly, it impenorable, you know, armored vehicles, you know, ripped the part like a, like a beer can and the parts of the people inside of that that they try to drag to safety if they happen to be a survivor. And they just watch bleed out or the, or the corpsman that have to deal without on a daily basis. You cannot unsee any of that. It's not going to go away. You look at our first responders of today. You've got a, you got a knife fight, you got a gunfight, you've got a fire at, at house, you've got a gas explosion. What are those people see? They see fellow members of their township or whatever their association is in parts blood everywhere, you know, sometimes human forms, you're recognizable if there is such a term. You're never going to unsee those things. So let's not talk about post-traumatic stress as a disorder. If you don't have some thoughts, some concerns, if you didn't wish your fellow American wasn't such a jackass at times, the causes kind of hate, discontent, pain and misery on other people. If you didn't have some form of thought process of again regret that the, that these things happen, wish they didn't happen, wish that you didn't happen to see it. If you didn't have those kinds of thoughts, that's the disorder. You know, I told my wife that I don't have any post-traumatic stress, I don't have any flashbacks. You can call me a lion mother, but yeah, there are things with, we were standing outside a, a dinner theater shortly after I came back and Vietnam. Car backfired. Jackie looked, where am I? I'm on a ground. I'm looking for what the problem is, where it came from, what I need to do about it. I wouldn't call that post-traumatic stress. I'd say that's good training. But as we, as we look at all these, all these individuals who come back from these situations. And I want to include the first responders who face these things every day. As, as we look at these people, we need to understand, we will never understand some of the things that they cannot unsee, but we need to understand that they have been in those situations. And we have put them there. We the American people said, Choco and myself, the rest of us, the various places around the world, we never could find on a map before we went there. To do things, to try to support people in democratic pursuits and shit happens. And it's not, it's not pretty, but yet we do that to the youth of America, time and time again. So we need to understand that this post-traumatic stress exists. It's not a disorder and we need to make sure that we address it. What did you, when you came home from Vietnam and like you know, you talked that story about the gunfire or the backfire in the car? What about the rest of your platoon? It sounds like you guys kind of went to the four winds and all in different directions. We sure did. I think I mentioned earlier in the podcast that I hadn't seen Grant Tulfur for 15, 20 years, maybe even more after that. And he later became a commanding officer of Seal Team 1. While he was in that position, I was on the East Coast. And years later, I bumped into Jim Rowland and Don Fiatreau went to EOD. Another one of those easy warfare specialties. He went to EOD and Don retired as a W4, but shortly after after he went to the platoon, I lost track of Don. I knew he went into EOD, but we reconnected and I spoke at his retirement. But you know, crap. That was not much to say for for keeping tabs on your platoon members. Other guys got out. Marcus O'Royal was a highly successful executive in the booze FAA, or FAA, and so we lost track of each other. And so I know I am really looking forward to seeing some of those guys again here this weekend. But those guys, they carried on. So whatever PTS they had, they were able to say, okay, this is my, this is what I'm going to do now. I'm going to go to the FAA, or I'm going to get out, go to EOD, and we're able to kind of force through those, whatever was going on in their heads. That appears to be, that appears to be the case. And of course, Jim Rowland got out of the Navy for a little bit after after Vietnam, but he came back and retired as a senior chief. So let's go back. You get home from El Salvador, what's next on the agenda? Let's see, where do I go from El Salvador? I came back here to beautiful sunny Southern California. And I was on the staff of Special War for Group One, and I worked for a couple of folks who and they're being flag officers, Chuck Lemoine, and George Worthington, a couple of good guys, and of course, not a whole lot of other good guys. And what I'll say, what I need to say here is when I retired, that's what I missed most. The guys, I missed the guys, and of course, no one was going on in the world, but you missed the guys. You missed the organization, the association. So I went to, I went to, to Group One, and from Group One, I went over to the BCO of Seal Team One. Now, that's almost like cheating, because I was the operations officer in the group one. So I knew, I knew how the group staff worked, I knew how the group commander worked, and when I say the staff, just how it functions, who did what to whom? And so who you could call, you built those little relationships. Right. And, you know, I'm a Worthington, and I'm a morning, had a, and several other guys who were the commander there, had a secretary by then in Malena, and I have not been barricade to remember, the last name. But Lena was a piece of work. Lena knew everything, and if you were good in the Lena, you learned a lot. But I remember one day, I think it was, it was Lamoyne. Lamoyne comes out to Lena, and you know, all right, I want this, this, this, and this. Lena, those that sounds kind of familiar, she comes, trucking into my office, and we, we tried to piece it together and figure out, you know, she had some of the files for the, and I had some of the files, but, you know, she was, she was quite a quite a young lady, and so young lady, older lady. But there were some great folks on that staff, and like I said, it's kind of like cheating to have that chance before I went to Sealteen 1. And then you're Sealteen 1 for a couple years, and this is, what years are you, the Sealteen 1? 86 to 88. And during that period of time, I had the chance to deploy to the Persian Gulf as a committee. The oil rigs and the counter Iranian, right, stuff. Right. So we had, we had two, two barges that were really oil rigs, support barges. We used those as floating, floating operations basis for a couple elements of, you know, a couple aviation elements. I think their participation was later declassified, but we'll just leave at that a couple of, you know, aviation elements. And of course, we had our patrol boats, and our patrol boats were, you know, doing escorts of, of US Navy big holes. They were also doing escorts of tankers, you know, as you may recall, a number of those foreign flag ships were reflagged to US ships. So we could actually, excuse me, we could actually escort them up and down the, up and down the Gulf. Was there any highlights to those deployments? There, there were a number of them. We had, you may, there's a Paul Evanco, let an op on something, an, an boat called the Iran Azjar, and the Iran Azjar was caught, trying to seed a few more mines after, you know, Iran had been, been told, stop what you're doing. Anyway, they, they conducted the op, you know, it sees the, sees the boat a bunch of mines and so on. Well, fast forward, you know, several months later, I'm out there as the, the task unit commander, and we get a report of a, of a craft in restricted waters, and it looks like there might be mine like objects on the back end of this boat, and that this is another group going to be laying mines in the sea lanes. So we go to GQ, we, we launched some of these aviation assets to try to get some night shots of the, of the of the boat in the in question, and it was, it was coming up, you know, coming up towards dawn, and, you know, obviously, you know, those early hours are the, good time to hit folks, some folks to get nuts, some folks are going off a watch, some folks are eaten. So good time to, to make a hit if you're going to do that. So they came back and they had some, they had some, some pictures, and sure look like mine like objects, but, you know, you got that little, we call it Spidey Sense, something's not quite right with this picture, and one of the things that I always say to the guys, if you think that there's something wrong with this picture, you stop what you're doing and figure out until you figure out what is wrong with this picture. So we got guys locked and loaded, we got the, we got the slicks, we got the gunships, these guys are ready to go take down these boats, this boat. And I said, hold fast, we're not going anywhere, give me one more shot at the early twilight. It turned out to be another oil rigs supply boat that had a bunch of 55 gallon drums, not mines on the afterdeck. I will say what country it was from, they were in waters where they shouldn't have been, they have no idea how close to death they came. So I'm sitting out there, I'm in the talk, I'm monitoring all the other communications, and I'm the one that we had these guys in the air, so no. And the three star, Davy type, who was in charge of, of, of, you know, midies for, you know, navy, midies for, he, I didn't realize it, but he was in the talk the whole time, you know, listening, you know, I'm sure the, the was out was based in Bahrain, we're out there in the middle of the Persian Gulf, and the, the, the, the album was there, you just listen and you know, when I, when I called it off, when I saw what it was, you know, and when in, so I came, I came, a sure, you know, week 10 days later in the, you know, six, you know, up so caused me over and he says, good job, but, you know, we had, we had American lives on the line, we had international lives on the line, could have been a mining operation, I just did not know, and I was not sure that this was a minor, a mining vessel, so I said, nope, what I doing at, what were your major lessons learned, what was a good takeaway from being the mining officer tilting one? Uh, trying to train the guys are going to follow me, prepare them for their jobs, There was a, uh, a balloon, with the, uh, Dave, metal cow, was a commanding commander of the the Paton and Gardner how was the assistant that would be vice Admiral. How was the assistant and they were going over the Gulf and as they're in my in my office getting ready to go one of the things I explained to them is that I feel that you guys are as prepared as you can possibly be to go over there and to conduct the litany of operations that you would be called upon to do. But I said to them I said my fervent hope is that that doesn't happen and I got these two confused looks or inquisitive looks from these two gunhole seal officers who are getting ready to go to war because it wasn't a shootin war at that point in time. And what I explained to them was if you guys have got to do the things that we've trained you and prepared you to do that means that somebody has failed big time. And so that was a learning experience for Dave and Gardner but it was one of the things that I tried to do in part to those guys. There's a case of glass in case of war break glass that's us absolutely but if it devolved to that point that means that White House policy has failed. State Department policy has failed any number of things across the spectrum of the leadership of our country has failed. So it is truly in case of war break glass. One of the that same platoon has it turned out as they're preparing to prepare to get ready to go overseas. You have any number of training operations and you know we were we those of us in the teams are familiar with something we call a rubber duck. A rubber duck is a air drop of a small rubber boat on a a platform as it were drops out in the ocean and you sink the platform and you from that point in the ocean you go assure you I do your job and if everything worked alright everybody does everybody else in the world doesn't know that the C130 or 141 might have dropped this boat and seals off the coast. Well they had a rubber duck drop practice event and there was a parachute rigging malfunction and instead of the parachute deploying the rubber duck creamed into the ocean you know the the platform breaks into a thousand pieces the boat is shredded the upward motor is lost etc etc. So I had not stayed up for the state at the commander for the for the event but I get to the command about seven o'clock in the morning and I get a high speed you know five minute briefs that the rubber duck died and it was a it was a rigging malfunction so before seven o'clock is before quarters are day at team one started with quarters at seven thirty so it's it's about seven fifteen before I could even get to Lieutenant Piddlestick hour Lieutenant how the parachute rigor from the squad comes in bangs on my door patty ostrich second class pockets Boccus apologizes to the commanding ostrich team for letting his platoon down for not meeting the expectations of of of everybody that they had for Boccus and the the troops to do that job when Boccus came into the team into my office to do that that told me that I clearly had some level of communication with the guys some level of respect from the guys that before I could go out and try to rip him a new one he shows up at my office and apologizes you know that told me that I must have done something right at sealed team one that was that was probably one of the greatest experiences team one that people taking ownership and that that's an attitude that starts at the top yep so you wrap up at sealed team one and then you your next big command is taking over but that was that was my my next my next opportunity I spent I spent three years at Naval System's command learning a lot about money purchasing and all that other kind of stuff and I followed a guy by him Tommy Hawkins who was a legend in the world of our research development and acquisition and even though I left that job as a quote certified Navy acquisition professional I was I was offered jobs in the acquisition side of the house I was offered the opportunity to take jobs in acquisition as opposed to continuing in Naval Special Warfare so I could have been a program manager at Nav C or as I went to you know the job at the at the center but I probably never learned as much as Tommy Hawkins knew about the new bad acquisition quite a quite a guy so yes my my next my next my next command was was at the center in a couple of things really really fun about the center you watch young men come in there and they're not entirely sure what they're getting into and they're also not entirely sure whether they can do this or not they're pretty sure they can that's why they're there in the first place they really want to which is why they're there but a lot of folks have a have a little bit of a a nagging doubt and a lot of those guys success is at times a some one of the surprise perhaps to their parents but in many cases an achievement of great great pride on the on the parents part and as a as a commanding of the center one of the things that I did was I attended every budget graduation now again this was this was when but this was the was the six months before we went on to the the follow on the SQT I believe it's still called these days so they would complete the six months and then they would go to the various teams for that follow on training before they received their special warfare designator anyway I cannot tell you how many parents would come up to me with these graduation events and they would say you know captain Richard's you know we really want to thank you and your staff for what you have done for you know for Frank or our echo or Gary and their and their development and their maturation process you know the he's a he's a change man after these six six eight months I say no miss Smith you really have to understand we took what you gave us an individual who had some pretty high aspirations and you taught him to have those high aspirations we taught an individual who thought he had the qualifications and you helped him develop these qualifications you might have thought he was a little bit of a miss fit here and there probably speaking from personal experience but you prepared this this young man to to get there we wouldn't have this young peddaus or this young andson graduating from steel training if I hadn't been for you and you know these parents would just kind of look at me look at each other yeah you know maybe there's I'm maybe there's something to that but that's a that's a point that I would really like to make that the individual who is who graduates after now it's a year but that individual came to buzz with a certain amount of preparation a significant amount of preparation and it's preparation that reflects family values family family motivation family support for a for an individual and I can remember something we never thought he was going to be any good you know we kept trying and trying you know you always kept getting in trouble and whatever it might have been and that's my point you kept trying and trying and trying and look where he is now he said that's your fault and you know they'd stop and they think but it's that preparation that that growth that goal setting that these young men have as they start looking around and figuring out what they wanted to do as we talked earlier in the in the podcast I really had you know when I was in high school I didn't have a clue what I wanted to do when I got out of college if I was going to be fortunate enough to get to college and in today's environment it's significantly different our youngsters grow up seem to grow up a lot faster but that said they're not going to make it to buzz without that without that background without that preparation without those family values that's that's so important they have to have that base whether they realize it or not they have that have that base to succeed yeah and it's so strange to to look at buds it seems impossible the predictors going to make it and who's not the the amount of incredible athletes that show up there and quit the you know I know I had a guy that was in my class that was you know NCAA waterfall a player had another guy that was a gymnastics alternate on the Olympic gymnastics team and both those guys quit and you know I was like an average maybe even a little below average athlete in high school and you know like I just was ready to stick it out and what I was wanting to ask you and I don't know how close you were to it to see this but you know in talking I remember talking to some of my friends that worked as a physical therapist right at buds and I had a couple of them that had come from professional sports and so in professional sports he was telling me you know he worked with a baseball team or football team pro level teams and he'd say you know I might see one or two cases of potato for moral syndrome or what is it ITB swelling or this type of back thing he goes I might see one or two of those in a season he goes I literally saw 48 cases of potato for moral syndrome in the last three days it's like this highly you just get this so much repetitive you know injuries that happened to all these guys coming in but then also what the thing I was going to ask you about is but did you start to see any commonalities I mean you kind of just mentioned but in the like the psychological makeup of the people you got kids that come from rich families that show up there that were you know two parents that went to church on Sundays and the kids do great you also see those same kids quit you see some kid from the hood that grew up without parents or you know a single mom or a single dad and didn't have any money didn't have anything and they make it and you also see kids like that that quit what what it looked like to you I agree with you 110 percent you mentioned the the gymnast we had a we had an Olympic swimmer in our in our class Fred was a butterfly I Fred made it there was another NCAA swimmer in the class I believe his name well name is not important there was an NCAA swimmer in the class that that means you're like what the top six or top eight in your in your event in the country one of those in any event this guy busted his ass and one day in one of the you know series of nuisance races in the pool this kid beat Fred in in one of the races two days later kids gone his goal was to be able to say that he beat this Olympic swimmer he was in there for the wrong reasons I have never really been able to tell you who was going to make it it was not but as I've as I've looked at it you know for years and years and I've worked with a guy by him and captain bissed up in the England as he tries to prepare guys for training he has he has somewhere around the 70 better than the 70% success rate for his candidates the average success rate of any classes you know is somewhere on 25 or 30% graduate in in Drew's case 75% graduate so as I've as I've looked at things over the years there was another group when I was a CEO of the center who had a 75% graduation rate that group was a naval academy candidates let's stop and think about where like how many of them were naval academy of the of the naval academy people who came in oh I see 75% of naval academy guys make it right let's stop and think about it in order to get into the naval academy that is one hell of a competitive process I don't think the American public realizes how competitive it is to get into a military service academy it you you see the political appointment or combination of political appointments and exceptional academic capability and physical ability for years those academies only gave engineering degrees I don't know I might be somewhere back in the 70s where they started up with some other degrees but it very difficult to get into the academies so if you get into the academy you have set a goal you have worked hard to achieve that goal and you've attained that goal now in the case of the naval academy and the individuals who end up with a quote of the buds I'm not an academy graduate fairly sure of how it works but if there's a guy out there who wants it correct please do so they have a a warfare specialty selection process and the number one guy in the class of the naval academy can pick what warfare specialty he wants to go to the way it works and that's the way it works where he decides he wants to be an avianer of course if he wants to be a seal he's got to pass the the PFT but if he's got the PFT and today he's got to go to show us the special acquisition and selection but you've got to be at the top of your class so you've not only fought to get into the naval academy you have fought to keep your your grades up you have fought to keep your physical conditioning up because out of the top hundred guys in the naval academy they're probably going to eat up those quotas to go to buds and so now there's eleven hundred guys in the naval academy every one of those eleven hundred individuals was pretty outstanding to get there in the first place now you've got to work to be in the top hundred hundred plus in that group to get selected to buds so those guys this is my reasoning those guys have fought and challenged for every everything that they have gotten every step of the way and so they're used to fighting and they're used to overcome adversity and they're used to succeeding so I give you that as a that goal setting yeah attain those goals figure out where you want to go set those goals early and drive towards those goals to your observation about the you know Patel of syndrome that was one example I remember kids in my class got this thing called Patel of Memorial Syndrome or they got their IT band was this problem or they got this ankle what you know the my ankle's rolled the the the medics at buds will see instead of being you know football practice and one season they see whatever in a whole season they'll see ten bad ankle sprints and buds they see that every week every week they see that and they just see these injuries over and over again and I was just wondering from your perspective what you saw you know what was the reason when someone says it went why they quit it's hard for me to comprehend that you enlist in the navy you know you enlist in the navy when I enlist in the navy I enlisted for six years in the navy I'm freaking 18 years old I enlist for six years in my life that's what is that a third of my life right I enlist for a third of my life I signed the dotted line I tried I run and swim to get ready I go to boot camp I put up with all that crap say goodbye to my friends and families you know tell everyone hey I'm going to go try and be a seal get through boot camp then finally show up to buds and like the first day after going through all that stuff people are quitting it's it's hard to comprehend did you ever we able to put together any kind of understanding of that no and and I've gotten into some conversations with people who think that they've come up with the what the test that's going to show who's going to make it news not and it's far as I'm concerned they're full of horsemen or let's go back to my observations about those families of those successful kids they have they have a sense of values they you know whether they know right from wrong the way we would want it to be that's that's hard to say but they have they have a sense of values that they have grown up with and and like the the naval academy individuals that I've said these individuals who succeed have set goals and they are very determined in getting to those goals and like I said to the to the family we didn't give them something that they didn't have before they got here and that's the thing that I don't know about I will tell you out loud that I never thought about quitting in buds meaning there I puk you know I cramped I used to you know I was a worse runner in the class you know everybody knows about getting a stitch in your side when you're running I had a goddamn freight train running through my liver and I can't tell you how much it hurt but I would actually say to myself to my you know sniveling body I would say is that all you got the as you go through training it's all between the ears you've got to have that goal in mind and you got to be willing to put up with whatever it is there's a couple things I'm going to say here from the neck down is a life support system for the neck up for the brain housing group as we call it it's all between the ears and and I don't know who set it first but there's an expression that I use about mind over matter if you don't mind it don't matter and I mean I can't tell you again how how much I hurt on those runs as I as I look at you know so there's there's something either right or wrong with the with with a few thousand of our American service members called seals that have this that have this mindset there is that there is definitely a mindset it's not a killer mindset it's a success mindset it's a you know wolves and sheep mindset you are what you are what you are and I strongly believe that there are people like that you know my wife my wife knows who I am and you know don't don't mess with me you know so and and that's the way it is with with with with with every seal I know you don't mess with the guy and it's not just because of my size or jacos size it's because of the attitude you're going to lose you know instructor moi one day I'm on the I'm in the Goon squad I've I've I maintain for those of us that are old enough to remember there used to be a half a dozen pire half a dozen palm trees out in front of the hotel del the go down to the go down to the rocks where we do our rock portage I maintain that I have that that I have probably caused the death of at least one of those palm trees because I ended up puking at the bottom of those because of what the what those guys made me do in the in the Goon squad it didn't matter I didn't give a good god damn what they did to me they could not get that four letter word out of me quit they would not go to happen I was I was we were down there by the rocks and I'd done the I'd done the role in the surf the role in the in the and the soft dry sand we used to call me sugar cookies because now here I am I'm coded water and and white sparkling sand from the corn out of silver strand and I'm doing what's called the duck walk so you're you're squatting down and you've got your hand full hands folded behind your head and I will admit that I was not doing the duck walk without with any degree of a lacquer tea show was I feel inside for myself you bet your ass and instructor boy comes up to me and he's like I say I'm squatting down with my hands by my head you know trying to squat a lot of walk whatever towards the towards the ocean and boy is roaring at me says what the hell are you giving it there in some rituals and I looked up at him and I said would you call would you believe a sick duck and and I watched I watched chief boy have to turn around his shoulders are shaking but I was not I was not quitting and and and there's that there's that's something that all these psychiatrists psychologists whatever they are they haven't quite been able to figure out what it is I mean I got to keep going back to the goal setting go back to days training young men young men not only have to train in order to be able to pass the past the PFT you know if if they if they if they only do the run in 12 and a half minutes they can make it through buds and that's for a couple reasons it's not only because of the physical ability per say to do the run but it's what I look at as the ability to recover because when you get the buds if you haven't been doing this for years and years you know if you haven't been running if you haven't been swimming you haven't gotten if you haven't been knowing that for years you are going to break down when you get the buds so you have to really have built up your ability to recover okay I didn't do a lot of swimming and I didn't do a lot of running in preparation for buds but I was lifting weights at that time it pretty close to damn pro level and I was doing it 12 and a half 13 months a year that's what I that's what I lived to do I was when I got the buds I could do PT all day long if I only had to push ups with my own body weight I was a whole lot of doing rep and I was 315 pounds I only got a few push ups I'm talking about that but push ups didn't bottoming and to the Olympics swimmer we had in our class you know Fred was probably on vacation during those swims you probably fell asleep on the six miles swim out at the sink many island but that gave Fred a chance to recover when when I was doing PT you know in the PT circle in the morning okay I knew that I unless I was going to do a lot of things I really didn't have to much trouble with this and so if you've got something like the swim or you're an incredible runner and you can keep up with those instructors I know through the soft sand runs and not always it not difficult for you physically but because it's not difficult for you physically it's an emotional break you know there's a certain kind of thing but because it's not difficult for you physically it's an emotional break you know there's a certain amount of mental stress or mental strength that you don't have to use during that particular evolution so if you're in really good shape that takes a strain as stress factor out of a particular event runs swim you know whatever whatever it might be but even with that ability you know we had a we had a high school or junior college myler who did a damn mile and something like four minutes and ten or fifteen seconds you know you clocked me with a damn calendar this this guy quit you know but you know you take off the cute little nylon running charts and you put on the the cami pants and the boots and all of a sudden it's a different kind of running but all that said there has to be that mind that that mindset there and in addition to that that physical capability there's got to be that mindset what it is I don't know everyone's in a while you run into a guy I have a classmate of mine I'm not going to mention his name because somebody's still on active duty but years ago one of his sons was expressing interest in the and the teams and that particular individual did did not get to the teams he didn't get to training for whatever reason it was but we had gone down and we had to spend some time with my classmate as I'm driving back with with Jackie I said to Jackie's sweet heart I think it's a good thing to be the member of that family that makes it true just that feeling I got from that kid and yes he did and everyone's in a while you get that but not often it was it was his demeanor it was his presence it was his his confidence not cocky but his confidence you can't always see that and I was probably lucky in that in that judgment but he he made it you know proud of him but you know to your point of jacco I don't know what the it factor is and I look at the the confidence in the and the goal setting and the and the ability to recover to get you through and I think it's an individual's got a got a specialty where he can take a break that that will be very helpful to him there's just some missing link there that that I don't I don't know exactly what it is and it's just so hard to put your finger on to the that that's the thing it was a good thing that you notice anything from from when you went through in nineteen sixty nine nineteen seventy and then you fast forward what twenty something years was it anything you said oh they got soft over here they got week over here this is easier or this is harder it got harder and so I take over is a CEO of the of the center and one of the things that I did was I I looked at this the schedules for the each of the different phases and I also looked at you know the schedules for the advanced training because one of the things I wanted to do is I wanted to go out and observe you know observed the class observing structures got it yet I went and I spent time out of San Clemente Island when I was the other commanding officer I went to wherever there was where there was training so I take over is a skipper and I'm looking at the the training schedules now when I went to training I do not recall training day that started before zero seven hundred we had to be on the line at zero seven hundred and I was after breakfast so we didn't you know form up training started at zero seven hundred and I got to training and I'm looking at the I'm looking at the schedule the zero four hundred zero four hundred zero four hundred zero four when I went through it was early and this particular thing that jumped out of me was a zero five thirty or zero five or zero five fifteen four mile time run and I'm saying what the hell was this shit you know I was saying that to I was doing them so whether was the first phase of the second phase you know they came up to me and so you know what are we doing here well that's the that's the the only only low tide and that guy is one of the luckiest guys in naval special warfare because my question was how fucking stupid do I look one high tide the morning one low tide morning one eye in the afternoon one low in the afternoon and that that is not cast and stone because there are certain number days in the year where you only have you know combination of three tides you know you'll get two highs and I said do not even think about opening your mouth to say anything else about the diets but to my point they were they were now doing uh... for my old time runs and maybe an o course or uh... another session before breakfast and uh... like i say we we didn't do that now when we uh... when we were out of sandcombat island there was no schedule was me twenty four hours a day but uh... other otherwise you know of course there were uh... there were night swims uh... you know it was course when you get uh... it wasn't like seven to five everyday you you you might have uh... you know night navigation are we done we'd go up to different places for uh... orienting and so on and again you you throw the clock out the window just because of uh... because of uh... because of what you're doing but uh... basically uh... when uh... we were at the stranded was a uh... it was a seven to five or seven to five thirty or again you know you talk about night dive and so on of course you're working till ten eleven midnight whatever might be uh... so uh... so it it has changed there they are putting uh... at least twelve or fifteen pounds into a ten pound bag uh... i mean they are really uh... they're using every every minute of the day. So if somebody asks me is training hard, the day you bet your ass it is. And the guys are in better shape. They're all in better shape. So like if you're running with your boat crew, you're running with guys that are able to run faster. So you better be able to run faster. They're just all in better shape. I was over there a couple of years ago and one of my buddies was now a civilian work in there and we were having the same conversation and we were standing out by the first phase office and he you know there's a hundred helmets lined up. And and he said you know he goes look at these hundred whatever was 122 helmets. He goes every one of these guys. I'm telling you was a stud and they're gone. He's like this program is hard. I said yeah Roger that. It's a hard freaking program. It is and and and as he said, everyone of those 120 guys was a stud and it goes to that that that missing factor in there. What is that you know what is it that caused you to put up with all that crap? You know why did you do that? Some of it is you know just personier perseverance, you know bullheadedness and so on but there's there's some other factor in there. Yeah we wanted to you know wanted to do something for our country. We wanted to do the best job that we couldn't we wanted to do and as a result we selected what we thought was the the hardest I didn't realize that when I did that you know you have 50 years ago that wasn't that it wasn't known that way but I I knew that was going to be hard and I selected it anyway. And today's they environment everyone of these kids knows it's going to be a ballbuster. It's going to be hard and and yet they yet they select that. There's there's a missing factor why those young Americans decide to do that. I can't I can't put my finger on all that and there's that missing factor about what it is that enables these individuals to put up with what is arguably the most difficult training you know in the military in the world. Did you think you were going to become an apple? Never. At that what number seal Admiral were you? Number five. So there've been there've been four prior to you. How'd that go down? How'd that how'd you hear about that? About the fact that I about all the above I guess well I must have been thinking hey all right I'm going to get done with this tutorial be a captain I'm going to retire because well I uh Jocco I I will not ever claim to have been the sharpest tool in the shed but it was probably one of the hardest working motherfuckers in the in the building. I took one particular job you know from a friend of mine and I remember him saying yeah you know first couple of weeks three weeks you know you might be here to five five thirty six o'clock something like that but after that you can get it down you'll be out of here for thirty every day well I never left for thirty in the entire two years and I had the job and it like I said I worked it as hard as I could in whatever job it was and the other thing that I will say is I think you really have to be who you are somewhere around seven twenty four. When I was selected to fly gossure our Malamone in Chuckle Morning was the Navy seal on the board there were a number of guys a year or two senior to me that I had a high expectation that you know Tom Dicker Harry was going to be you know selected during that period of time but that was my you know basically my first time up you have to have completed your major command tour you know to be eligible and then you got usually got three looks but so anyway Chuck was on the on the board and I had worked for for our Abel Amoy when he was a group one commander and as I said you have to be who you are seven twenty four and I was working for Chuck I was the I was the first road of we senior officer in the building in the day you know I usually beat the chief of staff and I usually beat the beat the comrade in all the time because you know our job was to prepare the prepare the environment before you showed up and so anyway there was an individual in the organization who was up for captain and didn't get selected and because I was there and it was out here on the west coast you remember Margaret indeed Margaret the detailer great great lady she she did you know she did well by me more than one occasion but anyway Margaret Margaret called out asking for the chief of staff he wouldn't there about the comrade is not there she's well here's a deal you know so and so didn't the deal six list is coming out and you know smuck a telly is not on it and we wanted to give Lamoy in the chance to uh to prep him before before everybody else saw that and so they be prepared for any bad news so our Mellamoy gets again captain at the time gets in ten or fifteen minutes before the morning you know meeting at eight o'clock and by a by a habit or custom he didn't like to be interrupted before the before the meeting he he wanted to prepare himself as well so I'd finally know and barge on in and excuse me captain you need to hear this and so I shared the share the news and left the office so it was it was my job to to hurt the cats and get everybody into the to the briefing room in the morning and there are a few of us standing in the hallway smuck in the jokin as usually do uh yeah and get ready to go and and sit sit in a meeting that you know will be 60 minutes of your life that you'll never regain so we we're smoking in jokin and captain Moine comes down a passageway and he he made an observation as an I guess I can imagine what you're talking about and my take on that was he thought I might have shared the situation with the guy who did not get selected and I turned to the turn of the captain no captain were up that's that's that's not on the agenda it's not anything that I felt that was in my pervue to share with anybody and it's things like that when you're dealing with you junior officers and senior officers that that leave an impression I think I I think I left that impression on on captain Lamine so when several years later he's he's on the on the flagboard he had some personal experience with who I was and what my values were and so that's that's kind of how how that that works I believe you got to work hard you got to got to do well and you can't do some some stupid things but I have to tell you that I just wanted to do as good a job as I could and take care of all the people working for me that I could and and I think it paid off people like I'm a worthy thing and yeah I'm a little more I'm sure that the two of them had a had a conversation about you know who was gonna who's gonna get selected so yeah and I mean at that time there just wasn't that many seal add-mills so no you had no there they're absolutely weren't and all right get not worthy to probably Smith I think worthy to was retired by then but you know you I mean you just got to be who you are 724 and you know working harder than everybody else helps being there when it counts I said that I might have said that there was a short list when I raised my hand to go to House Alvador they only need to one line on the list there you know there were no other volunteers at that point in time and in the leadership of the community you know recognizes those things and at the last the last place Tom Richard wanted to go after being COCLT1 was to Navalcy Systems Command and Citadel to desk and and do procurement and research and development I couldn't even spell it but hadn't been for Tommy Hawkins the community would have been in deep kimchi oh boy so you end up going and taking over what we call Naval Special Warfare Command which means year in charge of all the seals all the special boat units all in charge of basic seal training advanced filter you know charge of everything and that was that that had to be a pretty a pretty climactic moment for you to take command. Eljaco that was that was an incredible opportunity and an incredible honor to be selected to have that job to lead a community like Naval Special Warfare not everybody who gets selected to fly gets the opportunity for that job and I am thankful to the leadership of our community you know again Naval Amalamoyne for for given me Naval Mind and our most myth for giving me that that opportunity and those were some of my most rewarding years no we were still in our if you will early years with special operations command we were still in our early years of somewhat of a divorce from the Navy if you will because you know my I had had two two people I reported to you know one was a joint service commander army Navy Air Force or Marine down there in Tampa and the other was a code up on the on the op-nav staff you know ultimately of course to the C&O but the the money was there's there's something called a golden roll he what's got the gold rules and the the money at that time was from socom and that's where you know the vast majority of my my attention went but going back to the to the opportunities there were so many things so many things going on in the in the world and and specifically within our community there is a captain by the name of Todd Visi he was not a captain at the time but Todd was a station down at Navy Military Personnel Command uh I believe that was after they had uh it was after they had uh shifted down to uh the Memphis and what Todd did was he carried the water for our efforts to create the SWIC community you know when I uh when I took over a CO special boat unit 13 we had fleet sailors coming to drive these small boats the engines the uh you know quote main propulsion engines of a uh uh 65 foot Mark III patrol boat where a Detroit V Detroit diesel 8B 713 I think uh and uh it was a long time ago but that engine was usually if they saw it on a ship that might be an auxiliary diesel generator not the main propulsion engine they might not have ever heard seen it so you get a uh an engine from the fleet who's never seen your engine uh you get a gunners made from his fleet who's looking for the five inch gun uh you get a uh you get a uh communications or electronic technician who's looking for uh you know CIC it ain't there uh and old by the way uh you need to learn about the M60 the prick 77 uh you you name it that they've never seen before in their life so we'd get these guys for two or three years they learn a lot about names special warfare them boom they're gone I took over a CO of the center and uh we had continuing conversations with the then current COs of the special boat units they were called units then at teams uh and uh they decided that they wanted the center to host a uh a training program for their uh for their fleet guys coming in we were still losing them after three years but they wanted to instead of having to learn all this uh on the job let's let's put it together and teach them about this special warfare stuff that they're now in the middle of so we started out the first class with a three and a half week class and when we laid it out as a three and a half week class they were concerned that that was too much time uh you know to have these guys away from the team now of course because they were away from the team that means that they had a voter to that was not manned so you know understand that the finish up with the class the skippers were so charged that the next class was a five week class that they they just like and that all grew so I go from CO of special boat units 13 with the problem trying to solve part of it as a as a commanding officer of the center and now when I get to the uh to be the commander of naval special warfare I was able to convince the Navy to create the SWIC any sea and that was just uh yeah that was just I think a great accomplishment for the community and I have to look at folks like Todd Visi and congratulate them and thank them for their work uh and there was a uh there was a boat guy master chief Kelly Webb unfortunately Kelly has since passed but Kelly was a uh was a big prime mover and that as well and I will also say that at one point in time when I was looking for the uh for the next uh you know command uh well the force master chief for naval special warfare it came down to Kelly and a uh and and tried and winner uh so those are the last two guys standing uh but uh he was a he was quite a guy so establishment of the uh uh the SWIC uh SWIC community was something that was uh uh just uh just outstanding and it's now it's a rate and everything and guys going that's the career they can go and they have their whole career and special special boat team and one of the you know it's I remember having a uh get together I I talked to as many folks as I could on each coast and uh I remember you know saying the focus and guys you know this is this is hard for me because so much my time is going to be directed upward you know whether it's you know budget personnel matters that uh that I'm going to have to work with so common the uh and in the navy uh when I walked in to command at uh at Naval Special Warfare there was a relatively new building that didn't come close to accommodating the staff at Naval Special Warfare Command when I walked in six eight ten maybe use twenty trailers surrounding the building you know and I don't want to offend anybody but I I referred to Naval Special Warfare Command's facility is trailer park trash and you know here we are this you know you know sitting right next to the uh uh to those uh those gorgus multi million dollar condominiums they're looking down on a trailer park I'm sure they love that so the first budget cycle that I went into with uh with the uh forced dark commander down there in the in Tampa and and I you know stood up and I pounded the table and I said look at this building you guys got you know look at the addition you're putting on I said yeah I walked in and I've got I've got my people working in trailers in trailers and uh long story short because it's the way things work we got that money we got an accelerated military construction program that you know clearly wasn't done by the time I uh I left command but that was that became one of the top priorities for the so-com uh so-com milk on budget to uh to get us some buildings and I'll go one step further uh you know this afternoon I'm getting a chance to go down and uh and uh and uh and view uh uh the new uh new facilities for uh for seal team one that whole Naval Special Warfare complex down there is billions of dollars more importantly that says that that billion dollar figure was high enough in the priority list to get funded that says that so-com and the United States Navy and the Department of Defense recognized the commitment required to retain the capability that Naval Special Warfare provides to our military readiness they understand that and they're funding it it's not just a bunch of new buildings it says so much more than that yeah that is so impressive what's down there what they built for and it's all the all the west coast seal team down there it's it's absolutely phenomenal it's like I mean I don't remember when I got a seal team one and checked in it was very underwhelming I mean we kind of I guess our building I don't know what year that building was built where seal team one was but it was maybe 10 years old maybe 15 years old something I'll tell you when it was built because it was it was turned over to me as a CO of seal team one in 1986 so the building was five or six years old I guess when I got there in 1991 and I mean all it was was pretty much like a little office building had some had some lockers in it but it was it was underwhelming you know the gym where I worked out with you was just you know it was just a normal gym look like somebody threw together whatever random equipment um I think we had we had two squat racks I mean it was just kind of hotgepotch and you didn't expect that you know it was the whole and the whole thing kind of felt hotgepotch I guess is what I'm saying you you go now now check out that facility you're going to be it's like a it's like the James Bond movie you know the James Bond movie where they're training commandos somewhere and they open up a door and there's people repelled down there's spools and all this shooting ranges that's what it's like it's it's it's phenomenal that that the nation has made that a priority to to put these guys in the right spot a few years ago I had the chance to go up to go up to Alaska and we've got a training facility up there in Alaska and I was stunned to see the improvements that have been made to that to that training facility to include a god it must be 50 or 60 foot climb and wall in there just just absolutely amazing and again those improvements you know not only speak to the readiness but also speak to the recognition of the the leadership of our of our military and the importance of the special operations community and it's just such a great way to support those those guys you know the last thing I did before I retired was running the training on the west coast for guys getting ready to deploy and just there's nothing more important than making sure that guys are ready to go do that job absolutely you know speaking of your trip down to seal team one you're you're doing that this afternoon we're probably a little over three hours right now what did you do what did you do want to retire I got the I got the chance to work for a boat company up in a new Hampshire and I work for a gentleman who's you know probably probably not much shy of you know a genius we we developed a boat called the called the ghost and you know Greg Sandcoff is a gentleman's name and so many innovative things that he put into this and I you know Navy's just not just not ready for that craft perhaps yet and of course there's a few other challenges to get it into fit and being irreparable with you know systems that we have available today but that was a that was a fun experience had the chance to take what I had learned as the Naval Special Warfare Program Officer at Nav C and of course knowing what I knew about the requirements of Naval Special Warfare and you know what some of the things they could do that was a that was a real fun job and I and I also worked for a Furnal Askin Native Company Alaska Native Companies are my an operated by Alaska natives we have we have other you know small business set aside you know there's there are there are also a set aside for the you know black Hispanic community I'm not sure but in any American Indians so they had special contractual advantages if you will and what I saw whether it was for the Alaska natives Native Americans these folks would take those advantages and do a good job whatever was it was a requested or required and in the in the contracting world defense the defense department contracting world there is a requirement for major contractors to have a percentage of minority contracts one of the neatest things that I saw about this company and and the company's name is allutic and a fog neck is the apparent company but the the programs that they had for the development of their of their tribal members were were were absolutely amazing Carl who ran the computer side of of things was absolutely amazing he he was a he's a native who you know went to school on the scholarship programs you know college masters and so on and he just had such a impressive computer system for the F&E and I say that because I've never worked anywhere else it was anywhere's near is good if you hear this one Carl you'll be a beer but just and in Carl was one and there there were a couple of a couple of young ladies in the in the company who were just you know a pleasure to work with when you saw that they were if you will a product of the system and and it proved what a good job that they were doing you know they whether it was a college or or a vocational technical training they had all kinds of programs set up for for their folks it wasn't you know you know you know five or 10,000 bucks every every six months or a year whatever it was they had all these great programs that set up and they they would take those take those funds and take the profits and build a fund and so on I was I was pretty impressed with how they did it and and I always say this much about it is because of you know some of the bad press that some of the people have given it and how how it was non-competitive etc you know there was a lot of competition among those those old-askin native companies and and they and they they did a damn good job so it's a quite impressed program and again an opportunity to learn you know so much about the Alaska natives it just uh great opportunity their base is uncodiac island where our training facility is their corporate headquarters or real business offices or our anchorage so I get to start meeting a number of the you know the natives you know all the board members were were were natives and many of them had spent a lot of time on uncodiac where we have our training facility and then they learned that I'm a retired seal and they told me about the time those goddam seals you know walked across these uh you know special you know sacred you know burial grounds or areas were set aside and they weren't supposed to be but I believe those fences fences are amended not not do anything that I did but there are a couple of a couple of folks who have whatever acreage they have on either a fognac or co-diac and they allow the the seals to as they're conducting some of their missions up there to use some of that property to the touch basin use the staging points and that kind of thing so it was really fun for me to see that relationship a couple of years ago when I went up to Alaska where were you when September 11th I was I was driving in my truck I was working for SAIC at the time and I was coming up from from Virginia Beach headed to headed to DC and my wife was my wife was up you know working in in D.S. in Vienna with with a friend of hers and so I'm in my truck and I hear this and I call Jackie and said get a tank a gas and when you can get out of there get out of there uh when I heard it and by the time I had a chance to get hold there it was too late so I was headed on into a SAIC and I knew that whatever had been uh you know I forget exactly what I was going up there for but I knew that that was out the window and I said to myself I was that think I was about the project Fredericksburg what I heard and I said well if I keep coming north I'm not going to be home for a long time uh and I just just knew that and they took a few of us with military experience and we set up a a talk and we set up you know started setting up phone trees trying to find uh find out who was where and how everybody was and so it was uh it was quite a quite interesting experience from that side of things and then what did it look like to you as you watched the the seal teams start to engage in the in the in the in the warm terror so uh shortly after that my wife and I are sitting at home watching a new show and they're showing something about the northern alliance doing this and they're thinking and they showed two big open back trucks we'd come before by for her other six buyers something like that and uh I looked at the uh I looked at the video and I said the jackass and sweetheart that truck is filled with afghans that truck is our guys well I can tell I say I can tell by the way they sit they can tell by their posture and I can tell by the way the holder weapons look at the differences so and uh I knew I knew right then it was going to be uh you know quite a quite a deal uh because of the work I was doing with uh essay I see I had the opportunity to sit in on a briefing that was uh given by the chief and naval operations at the time and uh he had been with the president just a few days before and as he recounted his uh experience with the uh with the president you could have heard a pin drop in the room uh given the uh the commitment uh and the uh will to fix that and uh I guess what are you up to right now you retired yet for real uh I'm retired for real uh before I leave I'll give you a business card it says leadership management motivation but uh uh I I work with a few kids everyone's and wow we've got to desire to go to Buds uh but uh you know jack and I are supporting a uh a wildlife museum in uh in Virginia Beach and uh other than that where I were pretty much uh pretty much retired but uh anybody wants to uh an old far within a pinion uh you know give me a call well like I said I know you got another appointment this afternoon uh going to check out the teams uh probably a good place to wrap up echo you got any questions yes all right here we go we still lifting weights or what well given the uh seven plus decades I've been on the face of the earth uh the uh you know you know a few and uh a few and far between I've uh I've actually uh just in the last five or six weeks uh started to uh to go back in the gym uh but uh it's something I'll never stop uh and and the reason for it is you know at uh it's 74 years of age I don't have to hire somebody to cut my lawn I can still go out there I can do it uh yeah I don't have to I don't have to I don't have to hire somebody to move those boxes around the house I don't have to hire somebody to move that dresser uh yeah I can I can still do that and that's that's not only speaking to my physical well-being it's speaking to my medical well-being I'm seeing my mental well-being just be able to do that yeah do you got a gym at your house uh I've got a few hundred pounds so here you go when I went down to El Salvador I went on a company for a year and uh with that I was able to send uh uh a thousand pounds or 1100 pounds of uh a personal gear 700 pounds of weightlifting equipment I had I had squat racks of bench and at least 500 pounds of uh pounds of weights in my own room in my own uh in my own building when I uh there was a the the guy I I I've relieved was assassinated uh but they actually had a goals in El Salvador so I said well I'll give that a shot and so I I went to goals a few times and I'm deadlifting five and a half or whatever and uh not drawn any attention to yourself yeah you're right stupid with a capital S and uh I ended up getting you know I found out from a certain intelligence agency that uh my nickname and the gym was El Grua which stands for the crane uh and uh and uh next thing and I uh I hear the Colonel I mentioned before calls me into the office and he said uh we got a report that there's some folks taking notice of your attendance at goals I said I was shitting so that was the last time I went to goals oh man but well look we we got a bunch of stories out of you today like I said I know you're gonna go um you got any closing thoughts you want to say uh I had a great 30 years a lot of good guys and I'll tell you one one important closing thought uh when I took over in 96 we were still deploying seal patterns the same way I walked out the door in 1970 26 years a lot of things have changed in those 26 years uh Captain Pete Tony's in Stan Demit uh both guys who'd been group commanders on the east coast had come in and had uh pitch day uh uh uh recommended change of how to do business uh and we were calling it the squadron deployment so what I did at that point in time is I sat down with uh well our most myth was still uh still on active duty uh uh uh uh uh Admiral Eric Olson and a couple of other folks and I said guys this is what I think we wanted to do uh you may not be aware but in the uh 84 85 time frame we had tried something like that with uh with seal team one and it didn't work we're going to those details but I sat down with Admiral Smith Admiral Olson because I knew Eric was going to be following well maybe I didn't by that point time but my goal was to make sure Eric was going to be the next fly officer anyhow good judgment of my part by the way uh better work better work by Eric uh but uh I sat down with those guys I said guys this is what I this is what I think we should do now I don't know exactly what it's going to look like but so what I did is I went after talking to those guys I went back uh and we set up a uh set up a working group on the on the Warcom staff and the senior guy at the Working Group was probably a commander and I said guys the last thing I ever wanted here is the Admiral said or the Admiral wants other than the fact that I want to figure out how to make this work I think we I think we need to change how we're doing business we had O4's down E6's on that uh on that working group the figure out how to make it work and uh we uh we didn't get it uh we didn't get it fielded by the time I uh by the time I left the command uh but we had the uh we had the core of uh of what we were looking at we were already already looking at uh you know different uh team deployments and how we were gonna change that all so we would have one team uh with uh boat guys intelligent support we just support that kind of thing uh deploying forward and uh as I as I stop and and look today it looks a whole lot different than uh than what what walked out the door finally under Eric Olson but I am I am so proud of Stan and Pete uh of bringing that to me and uh us us taking that and laying the groundwork because this is now uh this is now 22 going on 23 years after we started working on that and here naval special warfare with you know lipstick on the uh on the pig and a certain number of places but it's it's still the same pig uh and uh or it's the uh probably it's probably a bore hog right now but it's uh it's what we uh it's what we started framing at that point in time as the uh as a way for naval special warfare uh to do business and uh and again um I'm proud of that working group proud of Pete and Stan uh and uh the other guys a grin because I didn't like I said I didn't want to start going down his road if somebody was gonna you know throw out you know dozens of man years of work and planning to uh uh to toss it out so that was uh that and in combination with uh the uh the the SWICK NEC uh work the the two things that uh that I figured were probably the uh you know best accomplishments that uh uh that I uh that I ever had let me have one more thing you talked earlier about uh working with the uh uh the physical therapists and so on uh you need to uh to go back and uh thank uh uh I believe it was Pete Tony's uh who who started that uh you know bring it in those uh those physical therapists uh to work with the uh with the uh with the with the team guys uh but there's you know it's it's it's it's interesting for me to hear your comments on how important those kinds of things are were to you and your career and I think you know way to go there Pete you know uh those guys were uh those guys were doing some uh some good things so but those are the uh those are the two biggest things that uh that I'm probably proud of stuff uh that that and uh and Petty Osher uh Boccus coming up to me at Seal team one. Let's outstanding and and that transition that you started that you initiated uh uh that got pushed to you I guess or up through the chain of command to to redo the way we were to point I mean the the way the deployment's went eventually once the war started we would have been just kind of worthless you know being a random platoon out there by yourself you just you just don't have the value that you need to bring to the battlefield and and what we are able to do as giant squadrons with all the augmenties with all the logistical support that's what we needed and and look didn't mean we lost our ability to be nimble because we could still take a platoon from that squadron and kick them out to some random outstation you could have a five or six man element I had I had little elements sitting in tiny spots out on their own and but we were able to do that because of that that squadron idea came to fruition and otherwise we wouldn't have been functional one other thing contributed to the success of that squadron uh when you first came in the teams were uh were platoon still deploying on the M-fibbs yep I did two M-fib deployments myself I started one my first plup deployment was the Guam and then I did back to back art platoon's out here in San Diego six months on the ship well being able to take the platoon's off the yard was another key part of that and I can remember going to Sinkus Navier for Star Ireland saying this is what I want to do and this is how I want to do it and uh that is when the M-fibs tried to do advanced force ops that means you got to get those M-fibious ships within a few miles of the coast you're not doing anything advanced force and one of the terms that they want that they use is doing in stride M-fibious operations so they can just drive up to the beach and do their thing but if you have to stop and let the seals do their thing yeah you're sitting there with a with a bull's eye in there so I had to be somewhat thoughtful with Sinkus Navier uh yeah because no no leaders ever want to give up their assets they don't want to give them up nope they did not and so I explained to them how a submer and explain them you know Jim was a Jim was a you know commanding officer of a nuclear aircraft carrier he's probably not much after explained to him but as I laid it out to him and he said you know we you know we have these theater special operations commands and these forces allocated to him they're not only Navy special warfare they're army and air force assets that are available to you there and you can get there by submarine you can get there by C-130 you can get rubber ducks there are no C-130s on the M-fibious that I have that I've seen uh etc etc and he said well well who's gonna pay for that you know the uh I said we are naval special warfare in the US special operations command he said sold and that's that's how we uh that's that's that's the third biggest thing that I feel that uh that I can uh yeah hang my hat on in my career you know you're getting getting people the finally understand if you want to do something in stride for the M-fib's you're probably gonna launch that that reconnaissance from somewhere else you know as it should be yeah well outstanding outstanding stuff uh I'm you open invite anytime you come back if you listen this and there's other things you want to talk about that you've missed uh scratch them down on a piece of paper this this place is yours uh it's been an honor to sit down and talk with you you know obviously thanks for everything that you did for the country for the teams for the Navy um and thanks for putting some faith in a E4 that came to your office wanting to request and you you legitimately change the trajectory of my life and and that's how I ended up here so it's been an honor and thank you thank you jacco and uh I don't know if you knew it but uh for the first two or three years that they had that seeming to airmo program and I guess you were like the second year I was naval special warfare you and the other boys are winning there uh you guys with the top four candidates each year we're just trying to hold up the line good job thanks they're appreciated all right the Hulk has departed the area of operations the it's just for he can crazy to sit here kind of goes crazy with with Mike Durant yeah when I was watching him on TV after he'd been captioned Somalia and I was watching him in 1993 as a young seal new guy and now we're sitting here talking to him think of how crazy this is here I am talking to Admiral Richards who literally wrote the recommendation for me to become a seal officer in what it was that 30 years ago 25 years ago something like this yeah and he's legendary seal from seal team one where I'm from he was the commanding officer of seal team one right before I showed up he was he was the commanding officer of buds by the way when I graduated and here he is just right there debriefing I'll tell you what's awesome and I was talking to him about this a little bit I was telling him that when Mike Thornton came on the podcast and I had I forget when Mike Thornton actually retired but we overlapped in time you know I was in for a while while he was in not very long because he retired probably somewhere around when I came in I don't know but but there was overlapped time there was time he was in the teams he was a seal team one guy he was a metal vana recipient legendary legendary like you need to put music behind that when I say it on the like in post so so Mike Thornton but as much as I knew who Mike Thornton was I had met him you know I had met him multiple times I had also met him when Mikey Montsourer when when his parents were given Mikey's metal of honor at the White House like Mike Thornton was there we we talk we hung out we drank beer is like I know him and I had never gotten any kind of a debrief about the the operation where he ended up receiving the metal of honor until he came on the podcast and gave us up to our full detailed debrief on why he received the metal of honor so it's the same thing here like I had known that Admiral Richard was you know badass Vietnam guy that's you know that's just there's a whole category when you're new guy in the teams in the 90s because just like a whole there's a whole group and it's just a nom guy and you're not in that group or even close to it because now it's 1991 when I'm checking in Vietnam's been over for a long time but that's the that's the group and you don't know too much about him you don't understand you couldn't debrief like the debrief that he went through today how awesome is that it's it's just hey here's exactly what happened here's what was going on here's what I said here's the words that came out of my mouth here's the here's what the other new visual here's where the helicopter just hearing these details and understanding them it's just so I'm so lucky to be sitting here yeah this the whole time I'm these thoughts flashing my head like okay imagine if you're like you know a VC guy or you know NBA guy and you for whatever reason get face to face with this motherfucker it's a I don't know you guys lost all your weapons whatever now you gotta go hand to hand your surrender till the death you're surrendering with this like the most hard the most hard and NBA like just warrior he's surrendering he's just a I'm done but forget the wrestling kid who got body slammed and a concussion forget that guy by this guy's going you know you go with down you can tell and you could you know he threw his numbers out right I guess going out numbers but you can just tell too some people are strong yeah like they're just genetically freaking strong and by the way when you're 14 years old after your freshman year and you weigh 140 pounds and the 170 pound wrestling coach comes out and can't hold you down and you're not that good of a wrestler yeah but you're just doing it on a pure power you're one of those good if you are just a strong jacked dude it's not even just jack it's like the genetic that that dense just strong freaking muscle and he's just made it out just made it out of the check it in the buds at 145 by the way oh sorry 245 yeah I got a little confused there because I checked in the buds at 174 like a little baby like a little baby and it wasn't like I was a skinny guy you know I wasn't skinny but I damn sure wasn't 245 pounds deadlift and over five bench and over four I mean come on yeah then you can see if you're a random V at Kong fighter that you've been raised in the fields of an eaten rice and you weigh he was just saying after the podcast he's like yeah you know the average Vietnamese fighter was I think he said 5 5 135 yeah that's the average fighter that's literally this size of my wife yeah and so we're talking about just that what what the Hulk is like the moon is like being the actual Hulk grams a whole of you start shaking your head around so yeah that's it I remember the story so if you say like oh when you're in the weight room you know the the Hulk comes in you know you will turn it down yeah there's a new guy man yeah you know that's interesting and plus the other thing that's interesting is I thought you know who is this old guy right and in my mind he was 100 years old because he was a doll and and you know how old he was I did the math he was like 43 or 44 oh yeah six or seven years younger than I am right now and and I'm in there thinking I like in my mind I think this guy doesn't know what rock and roll music you know and it's just so ignorant it's so ignorant me while he's about he's he was just telling you he's like a bouncer at this bar of the Hucking people on their head he's the freaking bruiser dude I wanted I should have talked to him about that you know I have a bouncing background yeah we could have shared you guys have like that big kinship yeah the kinship I'm sure his his time as a bouncer might might have been more robust than mine probably yeah and well that's you know when you're asking about lifting and still lifting like such a key component of life it's just to keep exercising because I mean what did what he say was 74 years old yes yeah I mean he rolled in here today with no for I mean you just in totally perfect health yeah and you know shook my hand you know you the handshake is kind of a little subliminal warning of just what could happen you know he's kind of like look you might think your tough there young jocca you know you want to play yeah and I did it and I was doing the math when he told me the year he was born during the break and I I was surprised I thought maybe like I have a 60 something you know because just you know you can just tell a guy's like just he's walking in his cheek you know and there it or she yeah so but my estimate was way off so yeah and that and that and I was his thing too like obviously like he was saying like yeah running wasn't my jam or whatever it was just straight lifting yeah not but literally nothing else really I mean unless I miss something just lifting his his jacket still oh and plus wrestling yeah wrestling for sure thank you you know a good skill to have it's kind of the jam when when the judo navy judo champion comes running out of a hooch on a training off and you got a double leg and good stuff well hey thanks everybody for listening and we appreciate you hanging out if there's look you won't probably want to jack steal after you listen to how I know I'm kind of feeling like I want to go dead left something right now yes probably gonna need some supplementation you might as well get some yeah get a little bit of that jockel fuel jockel fuel dot com yeah that's the clean one it's a big deal it is a big deal so we got energy drinks yeah let's go jockel go oh we got some protein taste good and clean and it's clean protein no sugar that's called milk yep I'll let's have you get a jockel fuel dot com the the if you want to get the drinks you can get them at wall wall you can also get all this stuff a vitamin shop we're in the process of going into so many more stores right now it's awesome I'll keep you posted on that on where you can go to your local neighborhood and get your get your jockel fuel together so that's good and you might have seen recently we started talking about the hunting hunting apparel we did a little live last night little live was it lives instagram stream live yeah so we did that yesterday what was the uh what was the the take away on the sorry to say didn't catch it you know but what was it I guess you're gonna have to go back and review the tapes but that's why that's why I shared it oh whatever I understand fully that's why I shared it obviously the the players on there okay hands yep who else pick robber's kip folks so where we started a company origin hunt and we're gonna be making American made hunting gear kip folks has a massive amount of experience he was one of the original guys at under armor yeah and so he has done all kinds of product development and one of the main guys that they sponsored well actually the longest guy sponsored at under armor was campaigns and campaigns is obviously a legendary uh bow hunter so they had a relationship and yeah things there was an opportunity can was going through whatever he was going through um at under armor so we had an opportunity to from a company together all of us and it's funny I saw somebody wrote like oh oh I'm glad to see cams whatever the first ambassador for origin hunt and the fact is no he's not an ambassador of origin hunt he's a founding a founding owner of origin hunt so it's a totally cool thing for for us to be a part of and and listen I know it seems a little bit crazy I know you might think I'm a little bit like oh you're going to look a little whatever right when I say to you that hey we're in an economic war and people oh yeah yeah they get it but here's the thing it's like it's like one of those things that's not in front of your face so you don't worry about it right it's like oh there's something wrong with our with our sewer pipe under the house and you're like okay but as long as it does this thing you're not you're not call in the plumber right it's like the check engine like yeah it's like the check engine light but it kind of flickers on and it goes on and it goes on it goes off and it flickers on it goes off I'm telling you I'm the check engine light right now for the world and I'm telling you right now the check engine light is on it should be on and you need to get in the game because that's what's going that's what's happening we're in economic war China and the more we blow it off and act like it's no big deal and keep driving the car keep flushing the toilet down the sewer pipe we're going to look up and that thing can burst and it's going to be shit everywhere so and your car's going to break down so let's not do that this is American made stuff origin us a.com this is American made stuff it's the everything about it's American made so getting the game that's what we're doing we're making workware we're making jitzu gear we're making hunting gear guess what guess what I need in my life jitzu gear hunting gear workware if and I'm not joking by the way with this so I saw us I don't know if it's a sample or just one of the pants right for hunting so that looks like something I would wear I don't go hunting you as of yet okay yeah and I don't know if I am or not but as of right now I am desire to I am currently not hunting but that yeah yeah yeah yeah that's one of the things for sure but when I say it's one of those things it's one of those things yeah so I don't know am I going to get there yes maybe maybe not anyway the question is what if I just wear a mini-way is that posing I mean I'm not I'm not doing it I wouldn't be wearing these hunting pants to make like I'm a hunter one of the things one of my philosophy of life is you you want to have multiple purposes for everything that you have so even like delta jeans they're they're cool to wear if you want to go to a restaurant with your wife they're also cool if you have to just go do squats and or you do yard work in right that's the kind of flexibility you have you want to make things that have multi-purpose capabilities so the the clothing that we're making for origin hunt will be multi-purpose and if you're in an urban scenario where things are unfolding and you just have it in a deep echoed Charles style with a pair of candies no one's going to give you a second look other than to go man those things look legit okay yeah so I think you're good I'm clearing you hot okay so even if there's no scenario unfolding the only thing that you would have to use caution in in my opinion with origin us a dot com is if you didn't change it to add all but you thought the geese look cool and you just went out of cauling and you were wearing it down to the club that makes sense to me I wouldn't do that that would be posing okay yes but if you happen to if you happen to reach in the freaking cupboard and you pulled out a pair of freaking camo origin pants then you were like hey this is what I'm wearing I think we're good wait but the camel because hunting camel is different than regga like right now I'm literally wearing camel pants as I think while we're wearing camel shorts right and we're not fighting in the jungle right or not or not could be ready if we need to be ready yeah either way you know no one's going to be like oh or like thinking that I'm actually trying to act like I'm actually doing XYZ in the jungle no one is mistaken you for a commando exactly for a jungle warrior correct yes so do I am I extended that same sort of courtesy or latitude we have telling you you're good and because of the materials that we're using to make this stuff you're going to want to where you're going to be like this will become the standard kind of I think there's going to be people all of America just went going to the grocery store in origin hunt camo that's what I was going to be a thing that's what I was planning on yeah because and I'm only I didn't even feel them I saw a picture of them and I know I know the pants when I see them so you can see like with a cut that you had that you got that gut instinct that's always been good you know well you know people got it some people got it special talent so yeah origin USA dot com if you want to get some cool of the kind what would you say like the things we you and I have said on the podcast you get some jocquist or dot com stuff oh yeah okay well you know of course I always say how to represent on the path and the reason why I always say it like that is because that's the best way to say it okay it's not the best way to say it no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no apparently it is because you say so okay all right well in my if you want to try it now current you want me to go current because I don't want to see I don't want to give you the way of your freaking awesome it feels the most accurate not but that okay okay seems it John come on it is moods okay all right no no that's good that's good um either way if you want to represent while you're on the path cool when I'm on the path and I wear this shirt I am currently representing I'm in the in in the middle of representing while on the path okay seems saying right now you're in the middle of overexplaining so no no no no in the spirit of accuracy inconsistency and thoroughness thoroughness yeah I'm explaining that's all cool so it's better it's a bit either way jockelstore dot com that's where you can get this stuff good a pair good a pair of fits good looks good yeah subscribe to the podcast check out jockel on the ground dot com that's where we're we got an alternative site in case we need it you know the deal if you want to support us there we're putting out an extra broadcast for you some extra information and it's eight dollars and eighteen cents a month if you can't afford it look if you can't afford it you can email assistance at underground dot at at jockel underground dot com also check your situation check your situation because if you if eight dollars and eighteen cents a month if that's putting a negative impact on your zone then check it out you need to do some assessment of where you're at because that's not where you want to be so go back and start listening to podcasts at one we're gonna go through all kinds of things that are gonna help get you to a point where you're like eight dollars and eighteen cents a month to provide freedom to the world we're in that's my recommendation there uh YouTube channel we got a YouTube channel subscribe to that subscribe to the US origin USA YouTube channel flip side canvas decode a mire what's got I was gonna bring up something about the code today oh you know it's gonna bring up the code oh but I just didn't was when Admiral riches was talking about first responders dude decode is a first responder right now yeah like not not like oh he does like a training for them no no I'm saying right now he's a first responder decode a mire is currently right now probably out fighting a fire helping somebody medically in a car accident but he meant he it's it's a freaking insane hard job and I'll give you an example and I don't want to I'll give you a pair of phrase a conversation I had with decode to the other day they pull up to a they pull up to a site that they they pull up to a call it's a suicide it's a young it's a teenage child who has committed to a side by hanging themselves and I think decode has said something like you know like as we're pulling up and I'm starting to get out of the vehicle like the person I'm with whoever he's with is more experienced person and they're like hey grab the bolt cutters and he was like okay and he grabs the bolt cutters because that person knew that they were going to have to cut them down and that was like the easiest way so yeah all the first responders out there man we appreciate what you're doing and that's decode a mire and that's decode a mire who is not only a US Marine not only a metal varnish if you're not only a freaking awesome guy but he's also currently at this time a firefighter EMT paramedic dude that sends me pictures at one o'clock in the morning of him responding to a car accident a house fire of freaking medical emergency so god bless that guy and go check out flipsidecampus.com buy some cool stuff to hang on your wall which is what it is I forgot to tell you that that's what you know what it doesn't really matter if if I was like hey he's selling cottage cheese and and freaking clay bowls I'd be like cool go buy some cottage I want some cottage cheese now and some clay bowls that's what we're doing decoda flipside games.com hey I ran a bunch of books check those out uh S.L.M front leadership consultancy if you need help inside your organization go to slomfront.com we get some live events coming up we know we got coming up we got the battlefield EF battlefield and we take and we go and walk historical battlefields we do get his burg we do little big horn so go and check that out we just go site by site we walk where the where the leaders walked where the troops walked we we discussed their decisions the good decisions the bad decisions that's a smaller group yeah it's like 25 30 people so and it's two days and you know we like have dinner hang out and have lunch all those things so hey look if you want to go there and you also want to ask about hey here's a leadership challenge I'm facing here's what I'm doing with my company that that's cool too and those answers that we give will many times be given with the overlay of hey here's a historical battle here's what this general did in this particular case here's what this kernel did over here here's what this this freaking war chief did over here so if you want to come and check any of that stuff out go to slomfront.com look for events we got seven online training academy called the academy extreme ownership dot com look you got to go to the gym if you want to stay in shape if you want to improve if you want to learn guitar you got to practice if you want to learn a language like Spanish because you're going to house Salvador because the person that you're replacing just got assassinated there and you're the only person that Rogers up to go do it and you got to learn Spanish you got to go practice it you got to get taught it leadership's the same way and doesn't happen overnight you got to learn it you got to study it so we have the academy extreme ownership dot com and listen guess what leadership is leadership is life whatever you're doing in your life what you have to set goals you have to figure out what task you need to complete you need to prioritize an execute how you're going to make something happen how you're going to get that house bought how you're going to pick up a new job how you're going to go rebuild this relationship with someone that you hurt like those are all things that we do those are all leadership things they might not sound like it leadership is life so extreme ownership dot com yeah it's about leadership but don't think yourself well you know i'm not really in a leadership position so i guess not for me you're in a leadership position you are in a leadership position if you're the if you're the most junior person working out Wendy's if you're the the grill guy at Wendy's which was my about job by the way when I was younger if you're the that guy you're you're you're flipping burgers at Wendy's which I did you're in a leadership position and you can build relationships with the people there and you can start to figure out how things work and you can get promoted you can move up you can buy your own store that's what happens by the way when you're the most junior person if you become a leader if you think like a leader that's what you can do with your life and it does doesn't apply to work you want to build a relationship with another person that you're in a leadership position I this might sound a cold but guess what you have a wife or you have a husband you're in a leadership position the way you interact with them the techniques that I use when I'm talking to you echo Charles as my work compoder are the same techniques that I use when I'm talking to my wife when I'm talking to my kids there there it's human interaction so if you need help with that which by the way we all do because you're not born with it you're not born look can you be a born leader in yes you can can you be kind of charismatic yes you can the best leaders still make mistakes they still have room to improve and people that maybe don't aren't blessed with that natural leadership gift guess what you got room to improve too there is a there's guys totally still be in my mind right now where at about time Richard was saying he didn't ever raise his voice like he never heard him raise his voice but everyone listened to him I'll you yeah so okay so it's like okay so consider that phenomenon like in life where essentially here you have this craze in when you think about his crazy this ability to navigate through all kinds of different personalities and they all get on board the progress get on board like basically you know how to make everyone do what they want to do for themselves or the group or whatever even and a lot of times that's the part that I think maybe kind of goes over my head even where it's like it's not just what I'm trying to make the whole group do sometimes it's just one person in fact most it's just one other person in many different situations whatever but it's like yeah it's your brother your wife your friend or whatever and you can navigate no matter the personality you can navigate and control this scenario for everyone you know for everyone's interest that's like a superpower and you know what else is interesting is as you go through life the more you understand these concepts you see everywhere you see and the reason I see what maybe think of that is when you said you know wife this you you mentioned wife you mentioned like peers you're mentioning all people that you're close to that that you interact with yeah when you go and walk into a restaurant that you've never been in before and you interact with the hostess yeah that person that's gonna get you a table there's a leadership situation happening directly I don't right now you're in not the kind of like if you're really it's really happening right there and you might get you might get like put oh yeah yes come have a seat over here sir and you get put by the kitchen and there's noise coming out there may be some background a smells that you're not particularly fond of that can happen right there and you can also get point put in the window seat overlooking the ocean that is a leadership scenario yeah and if you know how to interact with other human beings you're gonna end up by the window you're gonna end up overlooking the ocean not with the racket from the kitchen coming out do you see them saying yeah seven so go to extreme ownership dot com let's get you over at with the ocean view at the restaurant let's get you in that situation where you're not having to raise your voice like al Huey and people are doing what you want them to do because they want to do it because they understand what it is we're trying to do as a team go to extreme ownership dot com and also if you want to help service members active and retired if you want to help people that have served in the military that need help mark Lee's mom mom release has got an incredible charity organization she helps people so much so much if you want to help her help people you want to help her help veterans you want to help her help gold star families go to america's mighty warriors dot org so you can either volunteer donate or help out somehow also check out heroes and horses dot com what's up with what's up with mica mica think just well i don't know what he's doing right now at this moment but he's probably wrestling a grizzly bear shewing a horse or like capturing or maybe he's sitting in a sweat lodge hallucinating about like what is he hallucinating about about calf traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic so there you go just an awesome program check that out and if you need more of us while you know where we are again do i want you to go and just sign up for the algorithm and put a put a freaking carabiner around your heart and hook it into the algorithm and having ripped out no i don't want you to do that i don't want you to do that but if you want to be if you want to know what we're doing check it out but don't let the check it out turn into carabiner around your heart that's what i'm saying watch out for that that's the social media platforms that are out there they got carabiner's they're given away they they want you to take that carabiner they want you to put they're like and for some reason you think it's cool you're like oh look at this shiny carabiner you give a little yeah let give a little kid a mouse trap that's rigged to blow they're gonna pick it up and get locked by it they think they were doing the right thing curiosity so watch out for that man the gram the face book the Twitter echo that eccletrails i am not John Willick and thanks once again to admiral Thomas Richards for coming by for sharing his experiences we by the way unfortunately as soon as we hit stop and we started talking he's like told me 14 more freaking awesome stories about his experiences about nom about what they were doing what they were wearing so we'll get him back on again but thanks for coming on thanks for your service admiral and and once again thanks for protecting care me as a young young seal trying to do better and thanks for sending a great example for the young seals on how to be bad ass frogman and to the rest of the military folks out there thank you for your service in protecting freedom and our way of life around the world what it admiral Richards keeps saying 724 365 days a year you're out there you're out there so thank you and thanks to our police and law enforcement all the firefighters paramedics the mt's dispatchers correction officers board of patrol secret service all the first responders you guys are just out there putting it on the line every day so we appreciate what you do as well and everyone else out there listen I'm a little at risk for saying this because I talk about things like the indirect approach and I say you should think through your situations and I say you should make iterative decisions about what you're doing so you're taking small steps to move in the right direction I say those things all the time because that's what I want you to do 99.9% of the times that's what I want you to do but occasionally on the rare occasion when things get bad you have to do what admiral Tom Richards told his wounded machine gunner to do in a rice paddy in Vietnam and that is shut up and return fire that's all I've got until next time Zekko and Joko out