 This is Jockel Podcast number 52 with echo Charles and me, Jockel Willick Good evening, I go good evening So Today is the 50 second episode of The Jockel Podcast Which means that it's been one year. We put out one every week and And people been asking me you know hey You're gonna do anything special for the one year anniversary Special guest or Special book is you know what are you gonna do special on this day? And my answer is yes We are gonna do something special because today is special But today isn't special because it's the 50 second podcast She just just like I don't go overboard with Special holidays like birthdays or Christmas or Valentine's Day or Veterans Day or even Memorial day Today isn't special because it's the 50 second podcast today is special Because it's today Today is special Because we are alive Because we're breathing And when you're here and you're alive and you recognize that Recognize that that you're alive today That makes every day special makes every day of miracle Makes every day a gift and that might seem like a A tight platitude but it isn't And if you've seen brave young men who give their lives on the battlefield for their brothers Or you've seen Stoic young children Facing some kind of terminal disease or you would have had death Attack your life with its multitude of heartless weapons Cancer and disease and suicide and accidents and addiction and murder and war And if you've seen those things then you know it isn't a platitude and it isn't cliche You know it's true Every day Yes, a special day every day is a gift every day is awesome And so what are we gonna do special for this podcast right here the same thing that we always do Gonna give it everything we've got we're gonna leave it all in the mat. We prepared We invested we studied we thought and we're gonna get after it Why Not because this is number 52 not because it's been one year not because we made it this far But because this is the one It's the one The one life we have this is the one shot we get at today This day now And so We are going to get after it like we always do and we're gonna make it count So There I go let's do this now I did go a little bit along with the last last podcast, you know we were introducing the Korean War The coldest war on that last episode so I went a little I went a little crazy on that one We all need to hear about that. We're gonna hear some more but today Who on straight to Q and A From From the interwebs So echo Charles what he got question number one go All right Okay, first question jocco How did you have time to train in martial arts while deployed? I figured that you were too busy with combat even think about training while deployed Thank you for the information. Okay, so a couple things I Always brought mats with me when we deployed and it was really good, you know because once I was in a leadership position I could kind of make that happen pretty easily. How does that how does that happen do you just say hey I do you tell some had mats no I had mats and I actually got mats from the team and then we would just put them on a big Palette when you deploy you you go on you put all your gear on these big palettes so some of those palettes We have mats on mats and then when we would go on deployment now pre-war It was you know we we go on deployment we just bring mats and train wherever we could train and then Once the war started and I still brought mats I was like hey war there's not like we're gonna have us working 24 hours a day So and if they did we just wouldn't be able to train but I was prepared for training and what what I did both my deployments to Iraq is I had a What's called a GP medium tent which is basically a really really big tent and And they have air conditioning and they have dual walls so it stays kind of cool and I just made that into a little mini fight room But mats out and then I would just train when there was downtime and there is downtime when you're on deployment I mean there is definitely downtime when you're on deployment and like what are you gonna do with your downtime Is the question now some guys with their downtime They decide to do something that's maybe not super productive Give you an example that there was some guys on my first deployment to Iraq and They played Halo. It's a video game. Have you heard of it? Yes, okay. It's a first person shooter video game And so my guys were so they just played anytime we weren't working Which you know our missions at that point we're doing little direct action missions They don't take a few hours even you know the planning and you know every two or three days So you you had time right and so all the time and they had the they had wires set up so they could play different Each other in different tents. Yeah, it was really ridiculous and Meanwhile the guys that were a little more hardcore we were training the Jits But but these guys and actually these guys were good mugs too But what's funny is so I kind of thought like what is wrong with these guys? Why are they doing this but you know whatever And then all of a sudden they had a the the group above us the group that was in charge of the seals that were there It's called the siege of soda if the combined joint special operations task force that group They hosted a halo tournament Like in all the different special operations groups went and did this halo tournament and And I don't know if I'm proud of this or not proud of this But two my guys that entered the tournament They they Completed one but not only did they want win. I guess the way you play halo you get you can die multiple times and so after a certain number of times Like you play to a certain number of deaths. I guess but anyways The in the finals These two guys beat the other guys that were from some army group or something They beat them 50 deaths to two So I was just say to myself really So anyways the next deployment guys were playing some other I never I don't play video games But the other guys played in when we were to remind you guys were playing I don't want to say John Madden football That's a good. Oh, yeah, see I don't know cuz I don't play video games tech echo Charles But but what I was doing during those times during those down time since yes bring Um bring Maths and trained you did so and there's always guys even though there'll be plenty guys playing video games and we we trained you did to for sure and you should make time for it because you know what You think about Being under stressful situation well, what's gonna help you with the stressful situation a physical outlet a little mental break And guess what guess what gives you a physical outlet and gives you mental break to doing some jutsu so You know of course there's times where we'd go and we'd go in the field or we'd have multiple back to back to back to back Operations and we wouldn't be able to train no big deal of course their job takes their total priority over it But um yeah, so I would always train and I'll tell you one more thing When I would go into a deployment like let's say your guy that trains and you go into deployment Well, there's gonna be somebody that will train with you even if there are never train before somebody's gonna go Yeah, I'll train with you and Those guys That's that happened to me you know where I went on to playing with a bunch of guys that didn't know anything and I just was teaching them And when I came back from a six month deployment this is before the war I was definitely way better than I was before our life so even though I was only training with guys that were not even close to as good as me Just training all the time and just going with guys, you know strong tough Team guys made me better and when I got back I had Improved a lot in comparison with the guys that I was training with before I left that were training all the time while it's gone So you can make improvement Even if you're just have bodies to move around and you can focus on your offense You can put yourself in bad positions as a bunch of ways to get better while you're doing it So yeah, man you can train you can train on deployment for sure We just had a couple guys come back from deployment from the Marine Corps and you know They they were on a ship board deployment. They trained all the time You know, they just came back to victory and man. They've been trained in the whole time. They got good too They improved their game a lot. Yeah, I seen guys train. I think it was Army guys They're training and they trained with the jacket on and they use the jacket as the gear I mean different but kind of this oh yeah, it's the same. We you know and I've done that to In fact the early days of jujitsu from me I spent that's why I would nogie started getting popular I kind of knew nogie because we used to train in BDU pants so like camouflage pants and a t-shirt That's sort of seemed like a good compromise And then And plus Dean and I trained nogie a lot even though Dean was Dean was training nogie because he wrestled in and it was an He doing MMA and stuff too. What he did you did nogie way before he did Before he did MMA. I mean we were trained in nogie. I don't even know what I've asked Dean where the idea came Cuz even in sombo you were a jacket right? Yeah, and he was a sombo guy too Do you guys go like all when you train like hey, I'm a you know, I'm just one of the team guys I don't train you to you're like hey, let's go train. What did you do full on training like for six? You know eight minute rounds or yeah, it's the same thing I've been talking about before like I would get guys that were training Even if they're a lower level and I'm just trained with all of them and just line them up and go and then they betraying with each other too You know and I would teach a little classes and say hey, this is how you do this and you know You know me I kind of liked to roll Yeah, but so I would always end up rolling a lot But you know you get good tough team guys that wrestled or their high school Yes, they did judo so there's guys and they they always bring it so it's good training when yeah, and they're moving Yeah, you know, they're not like and they got great cardio and strong And then you know anytime there was Marines round or or soldiers around there was some Rangers down the street from me I train with a few of those guys a couple times So yeah, I'm getting after it you can definitely you gotta find a way to do it and then you make time to do it Next question My boss instituted mandatory uncompensated monthly meetings with the added warning that if we miss own There'd be repercussions Well, this is an unjust move on his part. I'm choosing to remain silent and not complain I decided that this is not enough of a of a pressing issue for me to speak out against That way the next time I decide to actually raise an issue over something It'll have more of an impact This was influenced by your decision to only ask for or ask your leadership for help only when absolutely necessary Because of this when you did ask for something your request was taken much more seriously Do you think this was the right way to lead up the chain of command in this scenario? Yeah, I think that's a very good way to lead up the chain of command in that scenario and you gotta choose your battles Because it is possible in any job to To cry wolf right it's possible say oh, this is this is the way we can't do this and it's it's possible if you complain about everything Eventually you're not getting listened to anymore. So what I would do here Definitely attend the meetings right the show up for the meetings you tend the meetings you see what they're about to see what the deal is What is he trying to accomplish? Maybe he has some really good thing that he's trying to accomplish gotta put out wherever we don't know yet Maybe his vision is that this only it's gonna only gonna hold these mandatory meetings until he gets a flow and he gets everybody on board And then he can go cool. We don't have to do this anymore. You guys got it I don't know what his vision is. You know what's he trying to make happen? Let's give him that credit as the leader to say Hey, you know you're calling this meeting. We're gonna show up there. We're gonna do our best to participate and and get the most out of the meeting Find out what it's all about so go to the meetings then now you got your guys so you might be a little bit worried About your guys right saying hey why you making us attend this meeting at the mosque? We got to go to and on that one I would likely do is make everyone attend a few and I would do it to hey guys the boss having a meeting no We're not gonna get paid but look we're gonna get word when I find out what's going on So I want everyone's everyone's gotta be there, right? So you don't pass the buck You you maintain the the responsibility of what's happening you own it and then maybe maybe after a little while though You look at the boss and you say hey boss, you know what these meetings are good to go. I'm getting a lot out of them But I'm not gonna make my I don't want to make my guys go. I want to pass the word to them so is that all right? If I have them skip the meetings, but I'll be there and then I'll put out the information and You know most likely you'll get a hey that sounds good Especially if you've been attending the meetings and you've been participating you've been raised in your hand and saying take a notes and saying yeah We got that boss we can make that happen if you've been We is that kissing ass? No, no, no, it's building a relationship, right now there is a Distinction right between kissing ass and building a relationship and don't kiss ass Because you're not building a relationship when you kiss ass as a matter of fact people are turned off by it So you don't want to be that guy hey boss what a wonderful meeting. I got so much out of it No, no, no, no, but participate and getting the game that's all I'm saying I'm not saying kiss ass because kiss ass is gonna get you It's gonna it's gonna look bad. I mean Order some bosses that that feed off of that. Yes, there are and We got to be might have to play that game a little bit you might have to play that game a little not gonna feel good. That's why we have to put our ego in check Yeah And then Yeah, that's what I would do so I think you made the right call Let's get in go to go to a bunch of these meetings see what they're all about and maybe you know Eventually you're saying hey boss, you know these are uncomplicated we could probably Utilize these hours better if we did something this or we did that so this is a good good straight forward method I think you made the right call and let us know how it goes. Yeah, yeah, that kissing ass thing Everyone knows your kissing ass and everyone even if the boy I mean really what you're doing is you're trading Your long-term respect you're training that in for that short-term popularity, you know with just the boss by the way Like all you thought because your popularity is going down Everyone's looking like look at that guy Kissing ass look at him even the boss even if he likes it There's a big part of his reign's like Right, so that's what I'm saying that you don't have to kiss ass right you don't have to kiss ass, but you know what you? What is the boss want someone that's kissing their ass and saying wow what a wonderful idea or someone that's actively Participating like a professional. That's what they want. Yeah, so they want So do that gotta be down for the cause You're like dang I'm down for the cause I'll tell you whenever I'm with someone I'll tell you why you know that kind of thing but ultimately if you're down for the cause Your boss is caused with the whole cause or whatever That's Much of it changes with your attitude yeah if you're attitude is like oh man this is Well, you go go in this media We're not gonna pay what if you're not just like hey, this is really cool with the lead that the boss is stepping up He's trying to get us engaged in this. I'm gonna go when they're gonna get after it That that that just totally changed your attitude right there I thought that a million times played that little game in my head said alright my boss is idiot You know what I'm an idiot. Let's go let's make this happen. I'm gonna get after it What is what stupid thing is you gonna tell me you don't ever do with that stupid thing you he tells me do I'm gonna crush you I did that when I was going off your candidate school and There's this thing at officer candidate school where you have to yell everything that you say They call it being ballistic they say you got to be ballistic at all times and it's pretty cool Why they do it actually they do it because you get some people that are coming in the military Cuz when you go to OCS most of the people that are going through OCS with have never been in the military before They're coming from college and they graduate college and now they're going OCS so they got 13 weeks to get turned into an officer so What they do is they make you yell everything. Why do they do that? The reason they make you yell everything is because there's some people that aren't confident when they speak And so everything that they're gonna say they're gonna be shy about saying it well at OCS You've actually got a yell everything that you say because you can't go on the bridge of a ship and say Can can we turn the shift you know 90 degrees to the port? No, no, no, you have to speak up. You have to say hey We're starting 90 degrees port. I don't actually know what the command is because I wasn't a service warfare officer, but you know you say hey We're gonna turn 90 degrees port. You can't say it in a timid way and so the way they beat that out of you is by making you yell every single thing that you do when you're an officer You can't have it's go so What what we did was the upper classman that control you when you're going through there's like a class that's getting ready to graduate And they kind of control you when the drill instructors aren't there and so they also make a little money for their fund And the way they make money for the fund is selling soda and candy and this little This little closet, right? I mean it's it's it's authorized So my class I said hey guys When you go into I was the class president or as a you go As a when you go into the Office to buy candy or soda which I don't recommend but if you do If you do do it go in there and be ballistic and They're like why I'm gonna do it because those are the rules and so everyone lined up And they went in this little closet there yell at the I would like one Coca-Cola and one stickers bar sir and After 10 people the first nuts and they're the upper class and it comes out and goes you guys Got no longer allowed to be ballistic and that was the way that we what But you know just get it. I actually did that muds do what I do Stuff to the to the extreme you know like you got to get wet and sandy and buds And which means you got to get jump in the ocean and roll around in the sand Well I would jump in the ocean. I would roll around the sand and then when you get back to the instructor that told you to go get wet and Sand you'd have to go back to them and say who y'all instructor Charles to make sure that they knew that you got wet and sandy So what I would do is I'd go I didn't do to me But I don't want to figure it out that I could do this I did it I would go I would get wet I would get sandy I would completely I would completely cover my every square inch my body with sand and then I would put Sand into my mouth I would fill my salad my mouth and sand it would I'd run up to Say who y'all to the instructor when I'd say who y'all dry sand Come out of my mouth It was uh it was pretty fun so I like to have that attitude like oh you want to make me do something great I'll do it and I'm gonna do it with with With vigor and enthusiasm and and then we literally in my in my bud's class when at a certain point They told us we weren't allowed to get wet and sand anymore They literally told us that and they said no you're gonna you weren't allowed to get wet anymore And we were saying what's wrong? There's no it's you're not allowed and that so it actually yeah, okay? Well, yeah, it's kind of like they're they're like kind of pushing pushing you down this hill with this Expectation that you're gonna be put putting on the brakes just run into the fire. Yeah, so like the more They push it down the hill the more your natural tendency hopefully is gonna be to put on the brakes That's why all that works, you know like oh go get wet and say and I think all that sucks But if you're like when saying it does do this kind of thing then it's like And then you know where you can put on the brakes when they say stop Okay, we're gonna get wet and one of my buddies We so there's something called flights where you run up this hill and you carry palettes You know what a palette is right? They're I don't know they're made of wood or steel We had both there they call them flights and they actually have a little flight tower Just a little bit it's called flights. Yeah, you put this thing on your backs Or you look like an airplane and you run up this hill and come back and you do it as a squad and when you get back to the bottom They'd say okay, who came in last place? Well, how many capital one guy won pallet? Yeah one guy for pallet It'd be like who okay, who came in last place? And I'd say I came in last place Then you got to do it again But the funniest was when you came back down If you were slow or they just wanted to hammer you more than to hey you're on fire Go go put it out It which means you got to run then your pallet down to the ocean oh And so so one time I came back down and And well one time I came back down and I said they said you have to request permission to land and one time I came back down and said I can't land them on fire And there they go Okay, but what was even better than that was a couple days later I came back down and I said request permission to touch and go Which you know, which in pilots is you know you land and then you take right back off so I just they go Permission granted Turn right right back up that's pretty funny isn't it doesn't that like just because basically that starts with just embracing the attitude Yeah, that's what it starts with have a good time Yeah, doesn't it result in all this crap with faceman that's that go get wet in sandy I mean from a normal standpoint Yeah, it's allegedly not fun. Yeah, so fun. Neither is the flight bro you explained that the flight is not cool But doing it that way it's just as hard kind of physically But the experience But the experience is a way better though And then yeah, we but we always had a good time when we were doing like we used to go on We're on a ship and then you go and the ship do something called an unwrap where you They load gear they load food and supplies and fuel from another ship and We would go help but we would turn it into like a sport Or we're trying to move as much boxes as we can and guys we're all sweating and just getting after it and instead of being in Is it a being because it's it's it's whatever it sucks right? You got to go there and move a bunch of boxes like a moving party basically, but we actually turned it into a moving party And because it's on party we would go out that fun be laughing thrown stuff and and just basically getting after it Even those just labor But why not have a good time That's a good idea you got to you got to really man up with it for sure, but once you if you can kind of flip that switch But that's good. Yeah, it changes everything You when you get that good attitude going yeah, make it fun. It's good then those pallets Yeah, flights we used to or we do on quiet polihally huge beach huge sand You know to get to the beach Seven mile beach but they look nice make bonfires with those pallets oh yeah, yeah you can carry them up your back Oh, no, no, no, you the truck for sure Next question. Let's do it Do you have any recommendations for careers that are similar to the military and or careers that are based on leadership Contents just a context I applied to the Canadian armed forces to be a signals officer and I failed my medical signals officer You know that it yeah, it's basically a communications officer right right there. Okay, so yeah currently looking for alternatives Well, I'm not sure what the physical shortfall is I'm gonna assume that the physical shortfall was something that was Disqualified you from any type of millet So maybe you have really bad vision maybe you have really bad hearing in a year Maybe you have some irregular heart thing Maybe there's just some blood type you did something either there's a bunch of things that can do that to people And so I'm gonna assume that it was bad enough that you can't join the military at all. Okay The next thing is can you get into some kind of police or law enforcement that that's the next question because Maybe there's something that disqualifies you from the from the military But you could still get into police and law enforcement and by the way, you know if you can't get into that What kind of maybe some kind of an anti-terror agency? That you could possibly go into and I would say the next step from there is You know what kind of an intelligence agency could go work for you know what kind of a person you know Could you be a person that Learns a language that learns you know some technical skills that allows you to pursue people through the interwebs You know there's a lot of terror happening on the interwebs and it needs to be stopped So who's doing that cyber war cyber wars real? I mean, it's it's real so is there something that you could pursue in there and guess what you're doing it You're doing it virtually right but you're still hunting down terrorists and and Catching bad guys and preventing terror attacks so even though it's not you know Shoot in a machine gun it still is a has a huge impact and I'll tell you what in future in the future It might even have a bigger impact than the guys that are shooters So there's that there's that avenue to look at and same thing in in in law enforcement There's certain professions that you can get where you're not actually a police officer but you're a a You know a forensic A forensic scientist that goes and looks at crime scenes and tries to figure out what happened so there's definitely some some Rhodes to go down there then there's firefighting of course there's being a paramedic That's another good one those are all all service based and so that's like a whole group right that's a whole thing And then let's say you can't do any of those things Well then what well for me, it's really easy construction We're engineering being a salesperson going into technology being a plumber being an electrician going into automotive Apprare automotive repair what like what all those jobs if you are getting after those jobs If they're all you can you can excel you can own your own company you can get after you can lead You can make a ton of money anyone those jobs you can make a ton of money any of them If you are a professional and you take pride in your work and you make I saw something the other day I wish I could find it. I try and posting it. It was just a plumber had obviously done this massive job Where all these pipes were all coming and going into one thing and and there was You know probably 20 or 30 little pieces of pipe But they were all perfectly aligned perfectly exact and it was in some you know storage Mechanical room but it just looked like so professional and that's the kind of thing that No matter what your job is what are you gonna do? Are you all you need to do is step up and Get after it and all those jobs any job that you're doing that your work that you're enjoy You know do something like you enjoy and what makes you enjoy things to me what makes you enjoy it Enjoy things is doing them well and practicing and getting good at them and having pride in your work. That's awesome. So I would say You know you gotta go get a find something that you like doing and Get after it you a lot of times Just in general source finding what you want to do you know sometimes you will like hey I like to I don't know Surf so I'm gonna go be a surf instructor or something like that usually how to find what you Want to do doesn't have to do directly. It's like what are the things that that Stimulate you were motivated you or whatever that that make you like Surfing or make you like whatever it's like so a lot of it is real like basics like I like problems Hullving this way or something like that so Tip there is look at what you like to do or like what you like to watch on for instance I like to work with my hands. Okay good then you need to be a carpenter You need to be a plumber you need to be in that direction. Oh, I like to work with my brain Okay, you like to solve problems. Okay, be calm a softener engineer where you're trying to figure out how to map all those things together or A statistic I like the numbers. I'm gonna be a stat so yes absolutely What are you interested in and then what job requires that type of mindset and skill? It's it's always fun because I work with so many different companies in every different industry and whenever I meet You know there's always a group of people that are just into their job right there into it And they want to be the best and it and it doesn't matter what it is and I've I've had you know I work with companies every different industry and sometimes I think to myself Well, this is a weird industry and I kind of I kind of you know just think you know It's weird that I'm going to work with this particular company because this is a weird industry And then I meet the person that's bringing me in and they're talking to me about their business like they're going into combat And I mean that in the most positive way. They're like hey, this is what we want to do this is our vision right here This and they're talking about you know selling shampoo. I mean you know what I mean like just some thing That that they're into and they just want to do the best that they can at it and that becomes a passion and a fuel so It's it's it's fun to watch it's fun to watch and it doesn't and it translates You know the attitude that they bring to it and the leadership that they bring to it translates into their whole life That's how well that's what makes people successful in business and life is when they're they bring that attitude If I'm going to I'm going to do this the best of my ability and I'm going to grow and I'm going to get better And I'm going to find my weaknesses and I'm going to work on those and next thing you know these people are owning their own businesses and it's awesome Next question let's do that Why do you never or rarely swear or use for Yeah, bro, what are you never Anyway, that's part of part A and the question why do you never swear or use for vanity be part B the question is What do you do to combat burnout? This my schedule isn't helping I'm a prosecutor constantly overrun with violence and despair up at 5 a.m. to play music or read a jiu jitsu purple belt Trying to keep up with the monster the young monsters on the mat But never seem to have enough time because life is always making huge demands And trying to get better at gymnastics strength training without neglecting my wife and my dog Thanks for encouraging us regular folks to dig a little deeper and try a little harder well The swearing question we actually talked about that already on one of the earlier podcasts. I don't know which number But it's covered in great detail. I think it's an 18-minute conversation. Let's not rehash that one and just to clear clarify that it More appropriate we'll just say a question would be to modify this. Why do you never or rarely swear on? Why are you recording that is true because you get your swear on from time to time? I well not I have used I give myself 6 foul language usage is per month Outside you know outside reporting yeah, I'm just kidding. Yes, I do swear. I think it it's it's I think that is the rule. I don't know if it's cool or not, but I do do it But I don't swear here and I don't swear when I'm presenting and I don't swear in front of my wife and kids and I Really that in front of your wife Not really not say that's bad enough, but that's interesting. I'm really sure. I mean I try and get give her some respect and treat you know speak in fact when I do swear in front of her I do it knowingly that I'm trying to make some kind of a Statement about some like I'm just sizing yeah really emphasize something. Okay, okay, so cool man. That's good. Okay, okay now let's get to the Combatting burnout first of all sounds like Uh this guy right here has a lot going on which is awesome good for you. That's killer. Welcome to life Right now a couple things right And I guess this might be a little rude of them tonight, but you kind of make it fun Right instead of viewing these things like an oppressive grind I mean just the way that You know and the mats like on the mats. I don't have to time and life is making huge demands and I'm trying just to make try to do just Gymnastic strength training, but without neglecting my wife and it's like everything is a grind no it's not You have the opportunity to do gymna you got a wife and you got a dog That's that's that's awesome as echo would say that's dope right there So what You know instead of looking at him like that let's look at him at What we can do to get more done okay first of all what kind of time constraints can you put on things right force yourself to do some things faster? Okay For instance reading first thing in the morning. I don't know. I don't agree with that like why would you get up in the morning and read? Reading no end of the day. Okay playing music first thing in the morning Playing music should should be fun and enjoyable as should be so getting up and going okay I'm gonna go play music you're turning it into a labor Right you're turning it into a labor It should be something that's down and why winding you down at the end of the night So when you wake up in the morning do something that requires some discipline and and has you get after it a little bit and wakes you up a little bit more right You know another thing is you know Judiciter how this is a weird question how fast can you train you get to because I can tell you for many many years and also what part of you did to is important to you and what part of you're getting the most out of because for many many years Especially once the war started when I I would show up to train Basically at the at the end of class and I still do this sometimes I show up when Dean is done teaching when Jeff is done teaching believe me if I had unlimited hours I would set their an absorb everything that they have to say I learned something from Dean the other day I couldn't believe it I couldn't believe what I learned from Dean the other day I couldn't believe that I didn't know it I couldn't believe that I didn't know it I couldn't believe how well it worked and I couldn't believe that that bastard never taught it to me Which made me really angry but that's the way it is I've been training for 20 years and he taught me a basic Fundamental thing that I did not know so if I could I of course I'd be in their all time You know learning absorbing Glovers the same way Glover teaches you little things and he goes oh, you should do this right You know how man how did I not know that so I would learn all I could but I don't have much time time for that So what do I do show up when that's up so and I go in I train get it on and and How fast is it so I'm saying it's how fast can you what what gets you the most Impact in the shortest amount of time so for me it's always feel if I don't have time to take an hour and a half class That's you know a 10 minute warmup a 30 minutes or 40 minutes of instruction 10 minutes 20 minutes of drilling and then half an hour of rolling and however long that all put together is but But I'm gonna show up for me the most important part at this juncture in my jitzu career is the rolling So I'm gonna show up for that last you know 40 minutes 45 minutes. I'm gonna get my rounds in Maybe that's what you need to do because you can't you know have time to take an hour and a half class with all that other stuff so See if you can do that the other thing you might have to do is prioritize an execute the The the extra curricular activities right what you got gymnastics alone you got BJJ going on you got reading you got music going on how do you How do you bring those things Together or how do you prioritize them so that you're You focus on Which one's gonna be the most important that's the bottom line right because you might not have time to do everything and so you might be just Dabbling in all of them and not making any progress in any of them. Oh, yeah, so that's not good. Another thing How can you manipulate your work schedule? Right what can you do at your work schedule that you could squeeze something in for instance Do people take a lunch break? Do people take a lunch break? I haven't taken lunch in the in the sealed teams. I didn't take lunch You know in why would you take lunch like oh I'm gonna go for an hour of Time and go to a place and sit down and eat no. I'm gonna eat in my desk while I'm working So I'm never gonna take lunch so maybe during your work people are you know people hey We're gonna go down to have some lunch cool. That's what I'm gonna go do you know 500 burpees or whatever We're gonna go run to the gym real quick and get a workout and I'm gonna do my super principal whatever So see what what can you do there? Maybe maybe you could get more work done in this time when you're waking up early because you want to get after it Maybe that's the time when you should go to the job because no one's gonna bother you can get a bunch of work done and then you can take a break from From seven until nine when the rest of everyone's coming in with their coffee and want to talk to you No, that's when you're working out or that's when you're doing something else. So how can you Maximize I used to do this when we stuff to write evaluations for all of our guys and it's a big pain in the navy and They have to be perfect and they're getting a recording guys record so you want to re-perfect You want to take the effort because this is how the guys get evaluated so they can get advanced So you want to take your time with it, but During during we'd get you know, I was in charge I get these big stacks of e-values that have to go through and it's corrected some basically doing corrections of papers over and over and over again until they're perfect And it's meticulous Work and so what I would do is during that time period It would take like a month to get it done. I wouldn't work out first thing in the morning I would go to work immediately in the morning and while everyone else was either not there or I would work I would work and then when everyone showed up you know at 11 I'd go work out during lunch and just you know if you want to come talk to me because everyone always wants to talk to you right Right, I'm gonna say to you Again, just leave me alone because I'm trying to work but Maybe you so how can you manipulate your work to to maximize what you're getting out of it Another thing is maybe take a little break from some of the activities maybe take a break from music Maybe take a break from or maybe you say oh you know what I've been doing an hour of music a day You know I'm gonna change that I'm gonna do for the next month I'm only gonna do 15 minutes just to keep my keep my skills Maintain but I'm not gonna progress and progress and I understand that And or maybe you take a break from the mats for two weeks I can tell you if you're training every day a two week break from the mat in many cases myself Definitely I take a jump up I get better if I take a break That's why I travel for me I don't like it when it goes on all the time but I go away for six days and don't train I come back and I feel a little bit better after some stuff jellies on the brain so Yeah, I have no problem that used to my dean once I became home from deployment and Deen and I were training and I was just so fired up, you know coming and I was kind of smashing him and I'm yelling at him You're hopping on deployment. I've been overseas. What have you been doing back here? I'm almost rushing you. Bob, I'm just crushing him that day and so he went home that night and he made us He's when he had to burn this is when you had to burn CDs. He made it. He made a CD that was called killed jocca That's all of his favorite whatever Metal songs and he came back and the next day came back and destroyed me. He did kill jocca that next day, but Yeah, so taking a break sometime just to Just to focus on some of the other stuff the other thing. Okay. You got your wife and your dog Spent time with them while you're doing these activities, right? Your dog can go running with you, right? That's awesome. Your dog can come to the park watch you do pull-ups Right your dog can Chase the kettlebell that you're that you're throwing or whatever the the shop put or the medicine ball You can you can have be careful if you're feeling your kettlebell. Yeah, that might have been bad bad advice You know you feel kettlebells. I was with my buddy. We were in New Jersey one time and we went through kettlebells It was winter time and we were throwing kettlebells and the kettlebells would get it was part of the work out We had to dig the kettlebell back up out of the mud It was pretty funny anyways, so what at my point we say that if you threw your kettlebell and hit a dog It would not be good, so don't do that one But take your dog with you to park go have fun hang out and Same thing with your wife You know what your wife doesn't want to do some jiu jitsu my wife did jiu jitsu before she was pregnant so much She was coming to the gym with me all the time she was training and then you're just let's bring it into the family a little bit get her in she Genastics get your Tim Ferris acro yoga on with with your girl right? That's the same thing get her in the game Have her lay down some vocal tracks right got me a little backing vocals from mama Let's hear what that sounds like And that way you're doing the stuff that you want to do which you're bringing your family into the game a little bit and Like I said man have fun because All these things that you're talking about even being a prosecutor which I'm sure like you said in bed You and just violence and disturbing things all the time and it's a challenging job, but But enjoy that challenge and how can you do it better and how can you win? You know I'm gonna have fun with it I had fun all the time had fun overseas I had fun and I rack I had fun on the in the Bows of a ship will I was deployed on for six months? I'm gonna have fun and and laugh hysterically at things and it's the same thing with with music and with working out and jiu jitsu and you gotta You gotta enjoy them all and just like when you're on the mat you're competing against these young monsters It's just trying compete with everybody just trying get better Hmm Because that is winning and and that's what's gonna make you better than long run Because I don't make you stick with things Make you stick with them because if you don't enjoy jiu jitsu, why would you do it for 25 years if you don't enjoy Music, why would you keep practicing it so my final thought on this man my brother have some fun with this stuff Yeah, the dang and being a prosecutor. That's the kind of job where even when you go Home, bro, it's still in your mind, you know, so It's for the whole experience. It's like dang. This is my job is taking up so much time. It's true. So Yeah, I would imagine that would make it more of an like a difficult Yeah, you gotta figure out that way to leave your job at work. Yeah, we want to work sell at it I just had this conversation with guy today just because if you're looking at your you can't The way you're gonna do your bot job better as a prosecutor is not by just being 100% focused on that 100% of the time. Yeah, you will not do a better job If you do good job if you focus on that a lot and you still do jitsu and you still train and you still get after it You still you that how many good ideas? I have so many good ideas that come to me when I'm working out when Um, doing yard work because you gotta you gotta give your brain a little space to think It's just like planning a seal operation if you're sitting there looking at the map from two inches away the whole day Trying to get this plan perfect. You're not gonna see everything and it's the same thing with any job that you have If you get yourself totally wrapped around that job you're not gonna have the proper the Detachment from the job to see the bigger picture So you must get some space between you and your job so you can think properly Yeah, and just like and that other element like everything you do Studying working out is like this where you you you work hard you get your reps and then you get your rest You can't be doing pushups all day every single day. You know you won't get stronger actually Right, so when you know just like studying where they say like yeah I guess when you study or memorize and or both whatever and then you go to sleep that's when they get your neural Connections get solidified get so yeah when you sleep That's not when you're studying so if you're driving for a test for two days straight no sleeping, you know That won't help you as much as Signing for four hours properly getting some good sleep Yeah, so that's the same thing with the job. You know get grind on the job Yep, and then man forget about it for a little bit when you come back It'll make me better. It'll make me better. It's weird Coincidentally that's what I just said happens at your exit. Exactly. You're right just say Yeah, you know exactly right and a little tip in on and off this would it I know this because I know how that feels when you're like Dang I work so much and I don't have time to go work out or whatever or I'm always pressed for time Or whatever you can kind of overlap the two so What I did okay I'd go to work and then right after work I'd go home had changed and then I'd go to the gym and then I'd be like man I don't have time for anything if I expect to work out as much as I need to in my mind or as much as I want I kind of have time for anything else. I just think you kind of do have time when you start to overlap So and this is some real obvious and simple but sometimes you kind of you miss these little things so What I ended up doing which a lot of people do is they'll just you just bring your workout clothes You're pretty workout to the to work to work and then go straight to the gym Saved yourself all kinds of time. Yes, you actually got your workout You saved 40 minutes. Yes, by doing that that was your workout and that and that's not to mention you when you go home a lot Have this a lot of time it's subconscious to it so you start to just melt about your horrible My mela so the chance of you skipping a workout becomes I that's a that's a different thing for sure But that seems like an obvious thing. You know, I can't bring your if you're gonna work out after work It seems obvious. I know but There's other things just like that in like life for let me just overlap them You know just like eating lunch at your desk. Yeah, they made great up. It's just straight up efficiency Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so do a whole podcast on just how to be more efficient. Yeah, so if you're keeping your eyes open for okay How can I go overlapped here or left there and you'll be like all day? I got two hours at the end of the day right now Or just more time to do more stuff, you know, yeah So just keep your eyes open man and the jujitsu thing to back to the jujitsu real quick the You said try to focus on like the parts that that help you the most like come in, you know Don't quote unquote For lack of editor waste your time on like the warm up and you know if that's not where you get the most learning Before you do that clear it with the instructor. Oh, yeah, it's right. It's just I don't dig it when you just skip the warm up Rolling when it's time to roll. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like a thing so you got to you had to say like a lot like I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll come to your instructor and say hey I'm working a bunch right now I got this case going on and I got to get through it and so I'm only gonna come three times a week and all I have time for just to come in and roll Is that cool with you? What are they gonna say no? Yeah, or just add this time? Cuz if you say I can only have time to roll there like oh you want to skip my lesson then That's the parking shows just get so you say I can only come in at this time. Well, I've been in that situation Where you know I've been working on this thing and and also other schedules I had my new baby and all this stuff so it's like dang the only time I can come in Realistically Was that to get there at the 1235 Just to get your all in yeah One you know the one the land, you know the instructions starts at noon and then I I know Jeff was like yeah Yeah, you know how your belt things you can just roll. I don't know if you thought this or not It's probably meeting I felt it but it could have been me being paranoid Great encourages that by the way great train Encourages if you get more out of just rolling then you do the lesson like when you get to a certain belt and you're you know You're learning starts to take shape like what you learn better. He encourages but the only thing is that like I just Just saying what I just learned from Dean the other day and How what other things have I missed yeah, but that's an opportunity cost situation. You know Dang that's important stuff Yeah, but What I do is I always Like even if I'm if I get there a little late I'll be like I'll look and see what moves they showed and and I'll And I'll figure out if there's anything I didn't know yeah, how can you figure out if this something you didn't know? No, because I say what did you do today or I'll watch guys if what you guys learn what you guys go over today And that's all this now, but hey Jeff how does that work? But I'll say hey Dean what's this thing here? So I'll just ask him you know Basically retakes the whole class. No, no, I reach because he because like you just said my learning is developed So all they need to say is hey we went over this escape right here We went over this finish and here's how you do it over this transition Yeah, but that one yeah, you got to kind of cut me any kid Spectch you know respect respect respect your instruction Wow, yeah, totally got up Next question I've encountered an issue in the workplace I've never dealt with before I'm a former Air Force STO STO yeah, this like a combat controller. They call in they call in Aircraft they set up they call for fire. They set up they set up air strips in the field Real cool job. Okay, as it says here or as you may affectionate lean no us as combat control. Okay I'm not civilian mechanical engineer. Thank you. Begot in the oil and gas industry Through attrition the people I work closely with have learned a little about What it is I used to do I'm treated noticeably different as a result for example some refer to me as mr. sf now My current approach is just to laugh it off and ignore it But how can I respectfully indicate that when I'm in the office I'm not that anymore and no different than anyone Well, I think you're taking the right approach and that is to ignore it I think there's probably Something about your history right that people get a little bit either intimidated or come with in some way because they think all of a sudden You know you're you're this different type of thing, but I think it is definitely something where Well In the seal teams the minute you say hey don't call me that Like people that's we got your nickname for life if you say that so You know I think You know for one thing it sounds like you're not referring back to your time in the service on a lot but Another thing is don't a subtle thing is don't answer to you know Mr. sf just don't answer to no not saying you have to be a jerk about it But if someone says mr. sf hey mr. sf and just like keep doing what you're doing until and so don't reinforce that that's what they should call you Right this is like a basic A basic thing but I think you're doing the right thing and I mean if you ever wanted to say something about it again The minute you say something about it now. Well, so it turns into a big deal now people are whispering like a he doesn't like to talk about it Right right so now we're that's a situation So man just ignore it keep working and I mean carry on with your with your mission with these with these guys in the gas So there's a bunch of veterans in the gas oil industry. I don't know why they're you know I'm when we work with gas oil is a you know a bunch of that's maybe that's more on the front line troopers, but man I'm in a bunch of no a bunch of veterans So I don't know maybe maybe they Maybe they saw a little a little reaction they got from you. Yeah, so let's make sure we're not doing that just Ignore it and carry on the best thing you can do right in no in the seal teams if somebody does something that annoys you do not Show it same thing like my family with my kids man when my kids figure out that something annoying One of my other kids they just Relantless annihilation with that whatever that thing is and I did that when I was a kid I was you know my sisters and I weird so mean to each other on Whatever and that's sort of I don't know I guess that's sort of a tradition in my family is you know It's sort of a tradition is of no emotional mercy right if you find something you're just gonna grind on it And that's the way it works and also no credit no credit will be given There's no credit will be given you know, it's like oh Yeah, whatever So But yeah, man ignore it they'll get over it kind of like on Lionheart remember to Lionheart when he's like He's a van Dam movie man anyway. He goes into the final thing against a big guy Do another podcast without me when you talk about cheesy movies I'm telling you to say it doesn't matter the movie choose you're not it's exact same concept. You can't show it So he goes in broken rip All the money's on you know the table whatever Broken rib is like he gets hit in the rib. Oh no, he doesn't get hit in the rib He like he goes to hit him and there are any flinches like all quick and the guy that big guy is fighting He boom he flinches all quick. He goes Seems saying oh, I can't show that. No Good Is it ever okay? This is next question by the next question. Yeah. Yeah, sure. All right. This isn't just my question. I'm bushing out in the middle of that last one Okay, yeah Is it ever okay to violate core values to achieve a goal? Okay, so first of all Really obvious your values and your goals should be aligned They should not be adversarial they shouldn't be counter to each other and If you think about what your goals are your goals should be set up in a way that they support your values and vice versa That's just the way it is. I'm not sure where this is gonna be an issue if you're setting up goals that are contrary to your values You got some issues now. I guess If you had the goal of winning the blue belt jujitsu championships And in order to win you you cheated like you Clean someone as reaping your leg and you said oh you tap and you get the guy to qualify it and you win that's could be an example Right now do I support that no you know that's wrong you you go winning against the values of Actually the values of martial arts to do that so you didn't win anything You didn't achieve your goal because you weren't actually the best So I say no on that one another one Let's say you wanted to make a certain level of profit at your company So you cheated a little bit on the quality of the manufacturing you sold items that weren't quite reliable Do I support that no right for animal and why let me tell you why because your goal Your goal is not even aligned with your goal itself because when you start making Substandard manufactured items what's gonna happen in the long run people can say we don't like these We're not gonna buy him anymore so You didn't win you might have one of the short term, but you didn't win and and again you're going against your value You should have values that you don't want to You know take profit over making good product and again in the long run That value is gonna cost you right people aren't gonna want to buy your product anymore Okay another one I could think like let's say your goal was to lose weight or to gain weight or whatever Some kind of positive Physical change Answer your working on it, but then you decide you're gonna jump on the steroids right you're gonna jump on steroids And and you get that goal right because steroids are a huge advantage But again, I say no because if you think about what your goal is like why are you trying to Gain weight or lose weight your goal is to be is to be healthy Right that's your value is you value your health and so when the minute you start doing something that's countered your health Well, that's not that's not helping your long term It's your value is not aligned with your goal and your goal is not aligned with your value so get them lined up So now Might we at some point compromise our values compromise our values to reach a goal? I think that changes the answer a little bit right we might compromise Remember that question that we had about the people that are snakes and how do you work with them? You know, should you work with someone that's dishonest or backstabbing but they're a cog in the machine of your team and Your values Right they might be to call the person out and say you're a you're a backstabber and I don't want to work with you That might be what your values tell you to do but your goal And if you do that you first of all you don't progress you don't your team doesn't work better together They work worse together and so in the long run you don't win Because you stuck hard core with your values and By the way if you stick with your if you if you bend your values you compromise your values a little bit to get through this transitional period Now you get promoted now you get a situation where you can fire that person that's a backstabber so You have to compromise your values as a personal little bit you And you know there's the enemy of my enemy is my friend right the enemy of my enemy is my friend So you might compromise your values short term Working somebody that you're not totally aligned with value wise and again if you're gonna get the long term Strategic goal well then Maybe it's worth it because you're gonna put you in a position where you can then hold your values Better if from a from a senior position or from a more powerful position So you might compromise them a little bit again. These are Small compromise and you should have things of course. We got things that Values that you're you're never gonna compromise on Right hitting a girl Right You should you should never hit a girl right never hit a woman Now That being said If there's a woman that's about to do something truly evil You know Kill a child or some kind of a terrorist act and the only thing you have that you can Stop it is to hit her. We'll guess what she's getting hit you know what I mean? So even then Your value of never hitting a girl can be compromised momentarily well you stop a a child from being murdered or whatever Yeah You know we as we we hold a value if we always want to tell the truth But if you had a for an extreme example if you had some kind of a state secret and and You got captured well of course you might lie about that and there's little I mean we could get into a whole like white lie Discussion on stuff like when your wife asks you how is the chicken and you want to tell her it's the most dry and And and Charcoal tasting item that you've ever put in your mouth. That's not gonna help you long-term now So I might I might compromise my values of being truthful and tell her It's pretty good. Can I have some more ketchup over here? Can I get some more barbecue sauce on this? Chippon chicken and no and I'm gonna go grab some more water. Would you like some so I might compromise my values a little bit there Uh So I Guess what I'm saying is and people this is the thing people probably What they think of my persona Because people think oh I'm just gonna be this uncompromising never settle all out no slack Kind of person right that's when people want it want You know want I guess want to see me has but the reality is Reason Right reason and thought Can can override values for the right reasons and That that's why we can think There's that's why we can think and there's there's actually times There's actually times when holding your values goes against your values So if you always backup your friends, right you always backup your friends But then your friend does something that's totally a moral and is against your values Well then you can't backup you can't hold a value of backing up your friends because guess what they did something a moral They did something that was wrong and so if you held your values you'd be not holding your values That's the dichotomy there, right that's the dichotomy the and the additional dichotomy is You hold your values right you hold those basic principles that you believe in But at the same time you've got to apply logic and reason to them to make sure that they're supporting your long-term goal and your long-term values Because you don't want to you don't want to make a hard stand on something that costs you everything We're now in the future you can no longer manipulate any more situations That's one of the things that makes leadership and and life hard Is that it isn't blocking right It isn't black wind it's gray and so our decisions on these very things these are the challenges of leadership And there's there's no way right or wrong answer of of saying if it's right or wrong to violate your your values to achieve a goal That initial questions there's too many variables in that there's too many variables But start with this part that I started the whole answer with all line your values with your goal That's where you start and then you use reason Logic and thought to determine your actions based on the situation weight against your values you have to Think yeah, so Given what you're saying yes, it's so it's less like Just values like you have a dinner plate with here's my values kind of thing it's more of a hierarchy of values So you will violate your values if it's on you know level two for a level four Yeah, I'll hit all not go right out if it's in the way of my Higher value which is protect your family protect my family kids, you know all this stuff Same thing girls don't mess They got their dope mess with that goes family yeah, please don't come and at you you know obviously same thing with you know Writing on your or backing up your friend. Yeah, you know my values backing up my friend that's level two You know the whole Your moral thing assaulting a girl. I don't know whatever the you know yeah that's level four So sorry number two, you know I'm going for number four kind of so it's like a hierarchy yeah. You got a little hierarchy values There's some you know obviously there's some that I can't you know you you could give any of one of your highest values that you could come up with and you could Sit here and and theoretically come up with a situation where you would sacrifice that value yeah, and Right that's the way it is. Yeah So that's why we're humans we have the ability to think we have the ability reason and Sometimes you might have to compromise your values a little bit to To survive right yeah to survive and get so that you can long term Carry out your values to a higher degree yeah Yeah, like the um and the back to the people want to lose weight, you know If usually people who I don't know I guess I would imagine that usually people who take steroids their value isn't the health It's like because people typically unless it's a medical thing, you know, it's a good point You know the stirrer's ain't for all it's for to win or to be cool. Yeah, which is kind of strange But you know it's usually to win a competition or something like this, but um, but nonetheless I think that whole trip giving away you said and I think it's kind of kind of coming together There I think that it is like a hierarchy of values. Yeah, yeah, and if someone's going to use steroids to cheat That's I mean even that we can do it's a whole another discussion Yeah, but what do they really prove in what are they really winning? Right, yeah, and that goes back to remember I forget what we were talking about like some people like they want to they want to appear to win You know, especially now you can see it on like online not you don't spend that much time at like the Dischruising Facebook, but you see You can see someone that you know I don't know there there they're they're about to Murder each other husband and wife they hate each other. They don't even sleep in the same room But they went on vacation with their kids or whatever and they're like oh so in love in front of the fairs wheel They're the waterfall or whatever and you're like, bro You just want people to think you win you just want to appear that you want you know But it's not real that's why people cheat. Yeah. That's why like the guy that you just do thing when they're like okay I'm gonna I'm gonna say this guy. I read my leg. I'm gonna tell all he's deep you. You can't do that But you know you cheated kind of thing he his goal wasn't to win it was just to get the metal So it's you know well his goal metal is down here, but he's just he doesn't have the proper values Actually or be the winner. He needs to check his values He needs to check his hierarchy of values So yeah, so he didn't want to actually win and wanted the metal to appear that he want that's Is there any way to recalibrate the flight or fight response? I get that X I get that excess in adrenaline. Oh, I get that excess in adrenaline that gives me the wobbly legs and the flight response How do I go about remapping my reaction? Well Absolutely And I'm not 100% sure what situations you're talking about but Any type of Danger right gives you this flight or flight Response so train start to training you get to boxing mojtai wrestling Shooting Competing competing right you get you slow butterflies when you compete you get those butterflies and you and you get used to them and so train And get used to seeing how that reaction what that adrenaline feels like and and also get used to Understanding what the superior action is right fight or flight because sometimes flight is the correct response Sometimes fight is the correct response But what you want to do is you want to be able to assess and dictate which response you're gonna give and not just do whatever your instinct tells you because sometimes your instinct might be wrong And so again, I don't know What your actually the situation where you're going into but whatever it is because people get the flight or flight response to To everyday things to like public speaking right? Rock climbing And that's why I say like do these things Train in them so public speaking rock climbing you know if you want to get get a rock Want to go to get over that fighter flight response when you get a go go rock climbing you'll use to it You scared a heights go start parachuting, you know you'll get used to it Your scared of the water get worked up and go through swimming and then game come scoop a certified just Well the things that you're not comfortable with get comfortable with being uncomfortable and While you're doing to while you're doing them pay attention You got to detach a little bit when these things are when you're training to touch a little bit and See what is going on your mindset see what Red flags that you can see what things will make you aware of the fact that your nerves are you're adrenaline and you're you feel in yourself Clench in your fist you know, okay, so I've touched my fist be aware of it so that you can change it so you can adjust it And put your again put yourself into these scenarios and escalate them so they get harder and harder and harder horse Norse Norse until you're until you start to get control these things Great, I hear something weird. It's not weird. You're not gonna think to weird but What I used to get super nervous about Biter flight response Public speaking, yeah, but that's not worse than not this story. Not worse necessarily, but just a different thing is like confrontation You know like like hey Whether someone's confronting me or someone or I got to confront someone, you know It's like this barrier, you know, you know some people they'll just step back and forth that very they'll confront you and then go back to just be like All right, I'm gonna go back to work kind of thing or school whatever But I've always seen it when I was younger whatever as this barrier then it's like you don't cross until it's 100% go time So any time I'm close to the barriers like you get super nervous because like dang as you go time Is this confrontation mean physical fighting or just in general physical in general anything like if Something happened with somebody who are working with and they Lost something and you had to go confront them on it. You that would make you get fight or fly anything. You know, we're just cruising, you know fully But and Let's say mean your crazy am say they're joking and I'm teasing you about something and then You like didn't like something and then it got it went from like this to like You know I mean like you didn't like what I said or something like I didn't like that and it became this thing like okay Like that yeah, yeah for what he's in it's that it's the it can be cruising like me On good terms with someone once it goes bad it's like to me. I just looked at it as this This huge barrier That so I I actually I Actually get something like that and for me what it is Same thing but when as soon as I feel it you know what I do I go Like I go if I have it I just default because and Sometimes what bothers me sometimes you know you don't always have the opportunity like let's say I get an email Someone says hey I really like the way this happened in bubble block it'll bother me and especially a little bother me If someone will say hey when for instance this is the kind of thing that would bother me is someone says hey you did this It seemed like you know you were putting me down in front of all these people I would feel bad about it right and I'd be like it would drive and so the only way for me to get over it Is I want to talk to him and say hey man this is what I did. I'm gonna send out an email to everyone to make sure that they know that that was you know My it wasn't mine doing you know say that you did a great job or whatever just try and make it right But the only otherwise it just turns it burns me up and I have to confront it I the the thing that bothers me and I used to like I recognize this now when I was younger I might not recognize it. I would just sit there and I wouldn't know what to do But now I know the solution the solution is with something's bothering you you go and you address the problem You know like my my kids will do something and I'll be all angry about it I just go oh what what you know what I need you is going to talk to him about it. Hey, what did you what are you doing? Why did you do this here's the impact it has on the family here's the impact it has on your life Here's some other opportunities that you might miss out now here's some things that you could do better But you know here's some corrective actions we could take whatever the worst thing I can do is just sit there and hold it inside No, not a good thing to do. Yeah, and and I knew that fully I mean that that is not a good thing to do But it was just one of those things that that really induced that fight or flare like response and Stranging in what helped a lot even just in regular confrontation any it is a specific type of confrontation it's not the kind where You know how like you you say something that you leave and then you think back and wait did I Insult him yeah, and then that bothers me, but that to me. I'll call you right now Okay, I said that's no problem the kind of it's only kind of stuff the over the only stuff that did it was stuff that To cross this line puts us on bad terms temporarily or permanently it puts us on like not good Terms anyway, who's that kind of thing, but Nonetheless you know what totally helped was you did to Totally out where I still don't want it, but if I think that the competition has to go down for whatever reason It's just way easier to do yeah just slap bump roll. Let's do it. Yeah kind of a thing you know, but I mean you got to do a correct You don't you don't lose your temper or going and I'm gonna go in mad you just you can address the problem But the the key isn't about like okay, I'm good at you know Bringing up and going through barriers in regards to confrontation. It's not that it's That barrier no longer produces that response so I can dance up to the barrier if it gets crossing gets crossed You know and it's like whatever. I remember about it. I know this makes you more comfortable crossing the barrier if need be Whatever. I do you get there. Yes, ideally I'm not gonna try to cross the barriers for as being good terms bad terms. I'm not gonna try to go to bad terms any time You know be impolite or some amount of things Not I mean that that's more depends on what kind of person you're I think I think But like I said the key for me or the the element the Critical element there was that barrier how I felt about being near it or crossing it or not crossing whatever Didn't cure it but it helps so much. I'll do okay. I won't make the story long, but That we we are all hoping to do this actually this is actually after I started it's but Just an example so I was doing video work for yes for this guy And I say who it doesn't matter um and He had found out that I was doing other video work. I don't know maybe at a sense of like owner I don't know he knew that or he found out or knew that I was doing video for not a competitive thing or nothing like that But just other video work kind of like hey wait you're not spinning all your time on my stuff kind of thing That's what I got the sense of but nonetheless and I had to do a travel you know So it's traveling here and I'm like hey I gotta go because I have to travel now to this other place and it's kind of like that's where I felt it nonetheless so The video wasn't due to like the certain date and then I was like yeah my prediction I should have it by this date Which was way ahead of the date by the way and then that day I didn't have it And I was like oh you know I didn't think it was gonna be a big deal because It just didn't seem like a big deal you're predicted date didn't get there. It wasn't the due date right not even based okay Yeah, and then so I was like oh, I don't have it, you know You know I've been working on it, but you know, I don't have it maybe tomorrow like something like that Like I like it maybe like one hour. I'll have it free wasn't an hour, but it was like all have it You see and and he was like I Thought given kind of our history whatever I thought he was gonna go. Okay. Well cool tomorrow Let's we'll see tomorrow makes I just see a kind of a thing that's what I was expecting But he was like He was like okay tomorrow You know I'm really disappointed that you don't have it for me right now and I was really expecting to have that to see something and I'm really disappointed that you don't have anything for me right now And I was like Boom heart just beating this on the phone too by the way Things not like oh, I was you know, come front it and you know anything It was just that and brought to the point where I didn't even know what to say so what did you say? I was like I don't even know what I said I think it was just kind of like I didn't say anything and it was like So is that maybe one of the one of the things that's caused you to really hold back on making a bunch of videos for John Because there's a bunch of us that want to make that phone call to you well if that were disappointed Just you know we that listen to this podcast where disappointed if that were the case Would not be making would would not be making videos every single day if that were the case? Well, I wish we'll we do differently over here on our end anyway That was an ex that's an example just like out because really when I think about it back like that's not a big confrontation Probably had a lot to do with X through too anyway, but yeah, you For some reason though generally speaking that you just to help It's only have is you have genuine intentions. I think Hey that conversation's gonna come Cool Next question The serious question is about question indirect approach I have a history of starting things and then giving up on them when I get bored I'm the same way by the way or anyway A friend of mine is the same I'm working on it by sticking with one thing Making a website which will be done in two weeks I call my friend once a month and he always tells me about some new hair brand idea that he never acts on I've tried suggesting that he picked one thing and Stick with it, but he immediately shuts down how can I take the indirect approach and get him to actually follow through on things? Okay, so you're trying to help your friend prioritize next Q which is really good to go your friend sounds like he needs to prioritize next Q and Get some follow through going on with that as well. I would say this you want to do a little indirect there What I might do with him is get involved in a project with him like pick one of those when he calls up with a little He's hair brand ideas and you think it's a decent one say okay cool. Let's rock and roll with that. I want to get in the game And then Lay out some deadlines. Okay, this what we need to get down by here. This what we need to be done by this point. I'll do these four items You do these four items and that's what we'll get going here's the due date that we'll get him done by so we can make this launch boom, right? And then you deliver your end you deliver your end and then when he doesn't now you can have a better discussion that's not so Aggressive you have a reason for it, you know, and then You know, maybe even subtly tell him that you're hey can I I'm gonna go ahead and go proceed further with your idea Like I'm you're not gonna do it So I'm gonna do it. You just became my idea right and then because you're not gonna execute because he needs to understand that Idea people That's great glad you have a lot of great ideas, but it doesn't help doesn't get anything done and ideas without executions Ideas without execution the ideas themselves literally do not exist your idea is worthless It's totally worthless if you don't execute on it so You have to execute any the execution of ideas into life Right, we that's what it is when you when you execute an idea it's creation It's not dreaming it's not thinking it's doing you are creating something and that's awesome like just creation is is an awesome thing to be a part of and it's an awesome thing to lead and to take an idea and turn it into something that's real and create and deliver it that's That's just a hugely rewarding thing in life and he obviously probably hasn't experienced that many times And so how can you let him know that let him know that that you know ideas mean nothing without executions and our goal is to create something and again I think the best way to do this to join forces with him and drag him along so he can get that feeling of the satisfaction of how good it feels to make something happen Now the bad news is If he doesn't like like if he doesn't do his things he doesn't do his part you can coach him you can You can do what you can to help him but Eventually you gotta go out make things happen on your own I mean that's just what you gotta do and you can't it's very hard I can't seem like I say you can't but it's very very difficult to help people That don't want to be helped that don't recognize their errors that are their eagles too Because a lot of people that are idea people they'll literally tell you that you know look what I mean I'm an idea guys And and you know you say okay cool. I'm gonna go over here and actually make things happen so bye bye Your ideas so if it's someone that's arrogant like that because that's that's a level of arrogance right? Hey look I don't do this little labor stuff. I'm not a guy about execution. What I do is I have ideas A brilliance that's what I do over here. That's those people are not gonna help you So eventually you do what you can to help them out You try and get them involved in some of your projects help hopefully you can get them all the way through a project Where he can see the and feel the gratification of success and execution and creation But if he never takes that blood He's he's gonna be a vegetarian So it's gonna go down he's gonna be a salad eater and and that's not good Nothing going with eating salads by the way. No, are you salads with steak all of That's like Brad that's so true so my brother we know Jay he does apps like Obviously you know his company they do apps so Apps let's say I'm just saying in general now apps website Video in my case so These are things is other the other industries and skills whatever But these are the things that attract the idea of people hey I got an idea for a video I got an idea for an app I got an idea for a website. I got an idea So we mean my brother we attract these people right so It's like when you encounter that it's kind of like me saying it I have an idea for the cure for cancer So what it does is it goes in and it targets just the cancer cells and it leaves all the other cells alone All of them just leaves them alone just just kills the cancer cells So let's say in like I don't know hundred years that happens right now I'm like that was man Yeah, but no it wasn't wasn't it was an idea the ideas me not just like I said it's so it gets and To say it gets annoying. I mean that's kind of maybe not the most accurate way it For lack of entertainment it's real interesting that it's not that clear to people you know when if you're because Execution is everything idea that I think Might have been too embarrassed some some of the same ideas worth like super like super small amount All the even go further and say it's literally worth nothing just like you just like I said I guess there's some granularity of of It you know what's weird It's it's a dichotomy because the idea is the worthless and at the same time It's the most valuable thing but it only gets value if it gets executed on otherwise it has zero value Yeah, and to the execution part execution it because here's what you get to and I actually in a way was kind of one of these people Or I do like I have how these cool ideas So the first thing I'm gonna do when I get this idea. I'm gonna go buy the domain name Right, I'm gonna you know sell this you know whatever I'm by the domain name because I'm doing I'm executing boom step one so that that's what this guy's doing Yeah, you know this guy who has these ideas and some of the ladies or some form of this Don't name he's habitual Don't name me He might you know He might see if the trademark or the whatever is you know taken and all this stuff in the register and you know When once the work starts you were like oh, well, I'm kind of bored Right, so the thing bored of that and Mean while like that's usually the fun part you know the excitement Ooh, I see all the potential you know all this stuff, but when the reality starts hitting and you know the hills get steeper and so like Oh, the hard work. Yeah, that actual part of any idea The materialized. Yeah, when that comes to view or comes into you know interplay That's when they quote unquote get bored. Yeah, and When you take one maybe two steps back this it's really clear because You you consider the the percentage of people doesn't life where a successful in like their dream thing I'm a computer programmer and now I own a computer programming biz I don't know that's my example the amount of people who have that actually happening are really few and furthermore You ask any one of those people It was never like I had the idea about the domain name three weeks later We were moving. It's never that it's like oh my gosh flop on my face fail years decades a lot of the time You know it's a grind grind. Yeah, and that's all that execution right there Executing is hard one time I still contact lenses. You know the colored contact lenses so totally Li-goshin it done it I imported them from I didn't import them but I bought them from a website Are we going back to the values conversation? Kind of putting people's eyesight at risk so you can make a dollar well they weren't prescription. They're all good You can buy them is just like but nonetheless I bought them and they'd they'd only take like five days to get here So I I knew how to make websites. I knew how to do all that stuff so I just made a website Color contact lenses, you know, and I knew about SEO and stuff like it's like just made the website You know eight bucks a month or something or a year for the domain website was free because Jade had the platform You could make websites So it's all the bunch of contacts Um, Halloween time comes around perfect SEO color contacts and Diego Buy them for me people would buy them like all you buy one and then buy it just buy it from the website comes in I just send them to Execution oh, so you you're proud of this I'm not proud of selling contact. I'm proud of the execution part good job and then it started got bored. I bored with it so All right next question. Yeah, let's go to the next question Oh, or this one Jockel I was wondering what your opinion was on when to start a child in jujitsu My daughter was in the game at age seven and I'm on the mats as well my son is three and a half And it has expressed that he's very ready to start as well my concern is starting him too young Him getting crushed and falling out of love with jujitsu before he has a chance to fall in love with it This is the romance Okay, so completely dependent on the maturity to get yeah and I've said how old was your daughter when she started training Two two I'll tell you about the circumstances no two two straight up too. She's less than two and a half she's really mature Really smart and athletic and durable so That's that's like as young as you're gonna get yeah and and what What how many times a week would you go to and was there other small children in the class? Yes, you had some kind of a right you knew somebody that was also bringing their kid in or something like that Yeah, a good play made in there. Well, it needs to make it's kind of a long all all I'll tell you about it for sure Basically it's You don't mat backer and them it's a it's Gracie certified training center up in the way Yeah, it's a smaller gym, but so You know they have programs for younger kids or whatever and It's essentially like you you Modify the young kids for which is like four four makes it's playing that's what it is But here's the thing you learn you get some tips and and in there you'll say you'll teach them that this is You do they don't know that you're they're they're gonna tap on them. They're a person down They don't know that it's a mount it's a they're thinking they're gonna try to get out of the mount Yeah, you just think they're just trying to get off the bottom. Yeah, and they they have games where you balance on stuff and it works on their balance And you know the myths that you hit you know They line them up and you get to it's like oh walking on the pot So they play all these games, but it's crazy how like it's just it's like karate kid men You know, you know, I'm gonna get a lot of snacks on wax off and they get good at the wax on wax off because it's kind of fun Well wax on wax on stuff fun, but the stuff you do in there is fun and then when they're like okay Who and it's really you you gotta find the right person man the right teacher because man Madby he was like He's so gentle kids are right because there's other Young kids and they're they're running around you know They're not he knows he knows not everyone's gonna be paying attention. You know you got to and so they got to know how to Deal with kids, but I mean she took it and he was good. Yeah, and there's some kids that are 11 and 12 years old that aren't ready for Yeah, they're just not there yet and I would also say Less is more for a young kid, you know, you don't want to just burn them out don't smoke them on that everyday make them look forward Pull them off the mat. They want to stay a little longer. Hey, we got to go. I mean you want to let them have some fun, but I burned my kids out I backed off in time for my son because he was younger and I didn't you know because my my daughter's I was like Compete train compete train compete. Oh, I'm gonna put you in the heavier weight class the older kids bracket I mean I just did it wrong right just did it wrong and I didn't back off in time and so now they trained you know, I mean Not as much as they should right my son trains all the time But I did a bad job of making to just you fun right because that's and that's what you know That's why I like you the fact that this question he said and I started me too young He's gonna get crushed. Hey, you shouldn't you know Jim that you take your three and a half year old child too Should be allowing him to get crushed. Yeah, that shouldn't be happening. So if you have a good Jim we got the right instructor That then go and let them have fun and make sure it just stays fun and and if they don't love it You can't make them love it. It's not gonna happen now. This is a good story one of my son's friends Who I always want all everyone to train to get through obviously with this guy's a friend of mine known for a long time It has a son that's my son's age and so they kind of grown up together and you know my son's always trained in Judit's who and I would say hey, you know when they were six years old hey have you son come in and try it came in and try to one day hate Year later now, you know a year or something like that 13 months 18 much or something Comes in a year later try as again. He's like now seven years old Hey, it just doesn't like it can't stand it Then comes in at you know nine years old comes in Loves it Trainings every day now. You know me trains all the time and and you know now he's my and and I'll tell you what this is what's cool is that he's It's not like he's a million years It's not so so my son trained three years more or maybe even four years more than than this other kid my son Is that kid caught up right? I mean he's my son still a little bit a little bit better, but They're in the same game right there. It's not like it's not like That my son has this massive lead no the kid loves it and you can learn you can learn and get better You know at any age But my point and saying that is forcing him to be in it for those three years Would not have helped he would have he would have quit Judged it to completely but just having a show in a tune and saying hey, this is what you do and you know He didn't like getting choked right that's and and Maybe that's me and my buddy son so hey, let's let's get after a little bit and we won't let him get chokes But he just didn't like the claustrophobia of it right and there is claustrophobia You're gonna feel at even in an even in a gentle situation with a six-year-old if you're It held down you know like it. You know you didn't like it. Yeah now he's holding people down himself so You you Basically what I'm saying is forcing someone to kid to do something for two years You think you're getting this value two years worth of value you're not getting two years worth of value You're actually going in the other direction so you might as well just let him try to occasionally and I say that sometimes Kids look at my gym now. Hey, you know my son just doesn't want to do it right now and I go no problem Hey, you know what I say they say I do want to make him come like I don't make him come I go don't make him come let him come when he wants to you know you're gonna stop your membership That's cool if you want to come in on Saturdays bring him in you know you want to come in once a you know once a month To just keep him familiar do that and just do that you don't grind their brains out when there Whatever little kids even big kids. I think hey You know how you say like you just you should be fun so the If okay, so like okay you're watching a Bronx tail you're both that okay, so there's a part on that where We're you know these biker guys there in the bar You know causing trouble. I can't get out exactly right. So that's what it is and this is what this guy got to be care Okay, so for those never seen Bronx tail these biker guys are in the bar and they're like causing trouble and all this stuff And and then the people there hey you guys please the mobsters the mobsters say hey guys Please leave you need to get out of here. Yeah, like I would do it every one needs it now No, no, no, they're like hey, okay. We'll leave Let me get one beer in the guys. Okay, one more beer They grab the beer in the shape to be all over them now. This stuff. So anyway, they locked the doors I say we ask you to leave now you can't leave right bad situation for the biker So This is what in my opinion this guy has to avoid like if his son three and a half is like dang I'm showing interest. I want to get kind of get get on the mat on a jump in here. I see what's going on It looks like fun on the jump in don't be like hey You want to get in now you can't leave don't do that kind of stuff. Do you leave the door open right? Yes Exactly so as you know presses three and a half now where two and a mat becks for a while and learned it and it was cool and Now I just bring her with me just once a week when I gone Fridays or whatever He I'd bring her with me. I don't tell her jump in the class and just calm beef the milieu with the mat To the dead rolling you see jocco rolling you see Andy, you know, and she has fun Everyone talk to you and I should pretty all going she has fun now. Now she just likes them the math is fun You know, I was talking to her. She's she hangs with them. She coaches you crystal sun is there Yeah, she cheers for me. Yeah, but you know crystal sun is there Are I her favorite jiu-jitsu guy though? I know I think it was Andy. Yeah, it's horrible So you know, so she likes it she's familiar familiar. I'm not gonna say hey we're here So we got to get our reps today. No, it's not that when she wants to come like mount and she will she'll be like hey All let me show this guy there's I forget his name, but it's like hey Let me show him mount and there's this whole series that she learned from you know like fighting arms and keeping the balance all this stuff And she likes to do it, you know, so now she always wants to go there you go and when and at at home or whatever When you know my mom comes and visit she's like hey, let me show grandma mount and she wants to do it, you know You and yeah, so that'll keep her in the game and when she starts getting a lot more ability You know age like three and a half now so like let's take four five six seven. Yeah, she's gonna start to realize all shoot I can do this stuff now, you know because all these little things that I learned just by playing around really And that's kind of what you want with that But if it's if they look at it this thing now my dad forced me to do it so hard and claustrophobic Yeah, guys sweating on me and I'm losing the whole time because they just started and I'm rolling with Thor the whole time and He's you know Kittling me or whatever and that's my experience my whole regard for the jitz is gonna be like yeah You know this isn't there's also a little bit of rebellion and all in most children in like my one of my daughters She doesn't want to change jitz or but she wrestles in high school Hmm so that's awesome, but she almost does that just to be you know, I wrestle Little does she know she got flanked she got flanked I think so I mean Back to the question I think that There given a certain type of teacher which I mean the demands on a teacher for a you know a young Yeah, it's so hard so you got a it's rare to find a teacher especially if you have a teacher who doesn't like Do that you know if it's like okay, I'm gonna make an exception for this because I seen guys They're comfortable their friends with the gym kind of thing and they're like yeah my kids too, but we all like each other right Hey jump in the kids class he's too he's running around he's interrupted in the class like yeah, it's not it's not good If the kids not ready in the teacher that that's not a compatible Allegiance right up if kids not ready will say hey your kids not ready. Yeah. Yeah, you can't you can't be in here Yeah come back in six months. You want to bring him a watch on Saturdays cool Get familiar with you. You bring him into watch. It's a time we're going you know all a hopefully is not disrupted Hopefully well they can't be disrupted where they can't stay right right. Hey you can't do that Yeah, oh yeah, so in that case, you know it's not gonna work, but yeah, that's it just like how you said just but in the door I'm cruising in here. It looks like the door is open. I'm cruising here. I'm doing one stuff Come on in I'm not gonna close the door. I'm not gonna go uh Bronx tail on you. You know That's how you do it my opinion Check all right. All right. We got time for the work. Oh, yeah, okay Jockel have you most okay Jockel I have mostly lived a life dominated by doubt and fear What are your thoughts on how I can step into bravery? You know, I actually took this question from Twitter and I answered the question in one word You've lived a life dominated by doubt and fear how do you step into bravery? Step That's how you step into bravery step take the step Step aggressively towards your fear and that That step towards your fear is the step into bravery Because we we're scared of what we don't know and there's only one way to learn and to know and that is to confront that fear you have to step You have to go and this simple action This simple attitude It answers so many questions so many questions how How do you get to the gym every day? You step you go how do you how do you change your diet? You step you go how do you overcome fear of failure fear of success or or fear of fear itself? You step Then how do you face the fear of the unknown when you're step? Don't wait anymore don't think anymore don't plan anymore don't contemplate anymore Don't make any more excuses or justifications Don't rationalize anything else no no and no Instead be aggressive take action now and what is the first action that you need to take? What's the first step you need to take? The first step you need to take is just that Step And I think that's All I've got for tonight so Speaking of stepping Echo Charles if somebody wanted to step up and support this podcast What would be a good step in making that happen before going to that? Good day Where your bars came in? I mentioned I tried to jalapeno on anyway came in today Not standing I've been You know this I've been kind of kind of off had the stomach flu To MRIs on my knee to see what up two knees you know so I kind of been out of the game two weeks out of the game Today was my first day back in the game First day back in the game did a Macon lifted some weights didn't do the jujuts yet but Yeah fully functional all good life that's meaning again then the warrior bars coming good day for Echo Charles great day Warrior bars on it warrior bars Let me talk about this before so Back to supporting the podcast thing and I know you're like what does that have to do with supporting the podcast so On it warrior bars on it is Supplements I remember back in the day When I first not first but made few years into lifting you know how people they'll just get supplements Joe we're super weight gain 2000 exactly Weight gain 2000 you know all the beta gen phosphogen yeah Uh, great a team you know you know apparently creatinians good anyway, I I feel I found that like supplements no supplements no factor Doesn't even make a difference like when I was on supplements like weight gainer I ain't gain a bunch of weight no more than I would without the supplement anyway The point there is supplements are whack in my opinion And what I found out that you focus on the wrong thing on this for supplementation goes It's gonna be wax so On on it.com Slash jacco slash jacco that's for the 10% off, but I'm gonna get to that Don't worry this has to do a supporting the podcast so so on it they have the correct supplements and not only the correct supplements The good quality because supplements don't have to be anything They don't have to be you have chopped pills I mean, you're either increase your mood not enough. Whatever increase them you're weight gain whatever All right But these are like legit and one of the few anyway, and okay, so if you want to supplement something don't get like weight gainers You know If you want to gain weight you can do that in the correct way without supplements This is what you supplement like you know as you wear and tear your joints your joints don't get much blood flow like compared to muscles So they tend to get more wear and tear with less like as far as speedy recovery goes your muscle recover quicker than you joint Something you supplement something something something that that needs supplementation if you're getting out there at Crill oil That was a big lead in I'm too look I could say Take real oil it'll help your joints You're like okay, you know because every commercial or every what I'll be really take this it'll help this You need like some contact context and Like the information that kind of backs it up, you know gotta be real And this is real Nonetheless, Krill oil is one of the supplements That I recommend for your joints. I told the story about how when I get out of bed And I'd be like all jacked up because my daughter would jump on my back right out of bed You're like but you gotta warm up for that kind of stuff typically, but not not anymore because I've been on the krill Strong bone by the way for your joints as well. It's not strong bone. That's strong Yeah, I don't know the yeah, I don't know the reason you're that It's just dope like that If you're looking for it no jeet it's strong. That's for joints and stuff But what else do you take oh alpha brain of course? So the point behind all this shrimp deck shrimp tech Here's what shrimp tech does I Think everybody knows what it does here's the thing. I don't think so I think it makes you get after it for longer whatever listen to the podcast every time we say what shrimp tech does I'm gonna clarify. I'm gonna clarify. Okay You know what go for it. You know what unless it back okay I'm gonna clarify it to you and just just agree or disagree if this is correct. Okay, so I don't even have to use scientific terms. I'm just put it into perspective. So if I'm gonna It's not I'm not a none of that. I don't watch it. You haven't had enough alpha brain do you scientists Different terms right now So just use whatever terms Okay, I'm gonna do a mac on that use them quickly I'm gonna do mac on I'm gonna do like 10 rounds of GJT five rounds of GJT whatever If I'm not on shrimp tech sport by the This shrimp tech immune is what she takes part so it helps you like utilize oxygen So what that means is when you hit the you know when you when you're like in a car where it goes to the When you're red lining that needles hitting the red Bro you can't you can't pull ahead when you're in the red Can't pull ahead when you're in the red know that so if you're not on the shrimp tech and you hit the red and Don't be halfway through your workout when your the needle is hitting the red your red lining already you can't go past You can't push through What the shrimp tech does if you have that in you That needle won't go towards the red it'll go up there it'll go the green Maybe even in the yellow and it'll hang in the yellow and you're pushing hard halfway three quarters Last you know minute two minutes of the round you won't even be by the radio still being the yellow That's what the shrimp tech does Agreed agree Boom there you go, we'll take the shrimp tech Shroom tech sport by the way, okay, so now the slash jockel what that's that signifies is you get 10% off Good deal I would say retail Price is for suckers. I would say that, but it's not true. I'm very real retail if you want Or safety just go to on it calm and and just get it don't get the 10% off. 100% Up to you nonetheless you got the shrimp tech you got the worry about is like this dope thing as well looking to that Cool oil for your joints you get all that stuff you might be need it helps that's why It's not like the Beta-jinn power game 5000 where it doesn't help this is the furrow kind of helps Understood there you go We we're good. We're good. I'm telling you will leave you. I'm telling everybody else you're over here Like already know this I know you already know this, but you know you're gonna put into perspective sometimes You just certainly did On it dot com slash jockel this other things on there and it's you can just kind of know you know When you when you get there you go crazy for on it right now no I like on it. I'm going crazy you like it a lot more apparently tonight Yeah, because I do you like if I would have known this like what I'm saying now? Oh Like before because I'm slowly getting new stuff of course I got the worry bar and I took shrimp tech before I know that But I'm like looking they got a new like recovery A pre workout and recovery drink. It's all in one and I'm like pro if I would have known all this I would have gotten and been in the game with this stuff long time ago. So you're providing a public So you're gonna stand right now. I'm letting it be known right We're good Anyway, I'm just gonna sit over here I'll tell you another one that I got off the right one. I guess it's on their record, but It's like a it's not peanut butter. You know how they have almond butter. Yeah, but it's like a almond Cash you it's like a mix nut butter It's pretty dope from on it on it. You know I'm gonna try that. Yeah, no One of the major keys is that it's like legit quality Get 10% off if you go on it dot com slash jockel or just go to on it Come and get zero percent off whatever you like. You know another way to support Is the Amazon click through That's like what is if you don't know You go to our websites jockelpodcast.com Over on the side to the right you'll see just basic Amazon banner you click through there before you do shopping Your Christmas shopping or your everyday shopping And um that kind of supports the podcast it makes Amazon or Amazon gives us like a little kickback That's a good way to support I made the comparison To a little piece of sodium like seems like this teeny tiny thing because just clicking through Amazon and shopping What that's teeny tiny three second effort But it does a big deal, you know as far as supporting So it means we don't have to run advertisements on the podcast Yeah, which I which I don't believe I'm gonna do it not gonna do aside from on it with technically that's Well, yeah, let's you know, but I was taking on it before this telling you Anyway, but You know what hold on a second while we go to a commercial break. Yeah, you know don't want to do that. Yeah This isn't even a commercial break this is a Part of this is the deal we're doing it I'm gonna if I remember to do this. I'm gonna do like fake commercials During the next podcast or like in a podcast in the future. I'm gonna do fake commercials And I'll let make everyone just suffered through fake commercials just to see how much it's horrible And then say if you never want to hear that again Click through Amazon Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a good way Oh, speaking of fake commercials, so I did these two fake commercials made on videos. I've seen them. Bardis beer And then those bardis prime which is like 40 ounce It's a lot of situations stereotypes now but nonetheless Back to the Amazon click through thing. That's a good way to support so be the be the sodium If you understand And of course subscribe to the podcast on iTunes that's a that's a big deal Oh And leave a review man if you're in the mood Do you read the reviews? I do read the reviews and what I noticed I was looking at some other reviews today Because I was reading I read our reviews today To see if there's any good input there was good stuff. I look at other what this kind of got me Motivated to see is that people that write our reviews they're getting in the game They're letting full paragraphs with detailed likes and pros and cons and all that you go to some other people's That that have feedback on theirs. It's just two words good podcast or I love it. Yeah I love it five stars. Yeah, that I love it five stars is a lot different than someone saying what I really like about The jacco podcast is that they go into detail on these leadership elements that have helped me in the following ways But underneath the whole thing, yeah That's really good support about guests. I'll tell you this about that because really when you think about it If you're just like and some of them are funny by the way And the ones for For jacco tea that our name is on I'm gonna have to figure out a way to publish them so do something with them because some of them are our awesome It's a Eric's Eric's was insane, but there's been a few of them. Yeah, yeah, yeah, those are good I retweeted a bunch of them. Yeah, so everybody it's a little hard to retweet them So I have to figure out a way to retweet them better the capture screen shot or something But they're so good. They're so funny Like some of them are pretty words men ask oh some of them are long some of them it takes me Six minutes to read it and I want to actually highlight stuff and take notes But yeah, that's a good and they're well when you think about it Even if if someone's in the mood to write a review and they're just like Dick, yeah, great podcast five stars. I see do that. That's true, too. Doesn't have to be long But you what that is when people are like this is what I like about it whatever That's just all that is is the result of someone Being in the mood to write a review and genuinely writing it Freaking awesome be on writing it. I'd say the call of I just getting after getting out Yeah, so you know you say unmedicated discipline and all things or is it getting after it in all the day daily your misnored day daily. Yeah, yeah, yeah, just Unmedicated daily discipline and all things. Me up and getting after the All things is I know that's new that still we're going with it. So so again, I'm in right a review. Subscribe to YouTube We're doing some more videos on top of the podcast videos excerpts some excerpts tell echo on Twitter what excerpts you want so he does not have to Figure out what you want just tell him what you want give them the podcast and the times time hack He'll pull it out. He'll put it on there. Yeah. Oh, well. Yeah, that's that's I think the Challenger I think is going back and finding them. Yes, but you know what that's not a challenge It is it is a little bit because you might not in something might not a struck you the way it's strong Someone else yeah, that's true and so if it's striking one person out there It's probably striking at least four or five more people that want to hear that excerpt So let's give it to him so tell echo podcast number time stamp That would be easy for you right? Yes, no, because we don't want to stress you out Don't stress the delicate We know that you're sensitive to that we don't want to be disappointed in you except if you're Brady Lisa Debbie Andy anyone that we thought don't be like hey, I like this time stamp because like we said your name on the podcast Make it except don't say that so those people kind of can't do that why not all right? I guess They should be there listening Yeah, yeah, they probably have good input and these ones can be like 20 seconds long hey that part where you spend good 20 seconds is fine Which do you understand echo people want to watch stuff that's 20 seconds long? They don't want to watch 29 minutes That's why it's called an excerpt juggle we got a store We do have a store called joclist door Well, yeah, I know we already knew this but no real new developments there really but if you didn't know That is a good way to support and you get some stuff in your turn so boom by shirt if you're down if you like them This one is joculous face on it says good backwards backwards so if you look in the mirror It's it's for you that message is for you layers Anyway, yeah, yeah, good look at there's rash guards there rash guards are good for you know the jujuts for any physical activity where you need range of motion rash guards good they look good to according to people Here's a tip for the rash guards and I think for the shirts as well if you're one of those in betweeners like that means your site like hey I wear a large but if it fits slim I need to extra large like that kind of people It fits like this much slimmer know that slip the rash guard between her everything rash guard and the shirt Go big go to the bigger size if you're in between her yeah for sure. That's just a tip good advice Because and that's good news for you though. You know what out of the past 39 minutes you've been talking about this away to support the podcast that was the most important thing that you've said That was the valuable piece of information arguably Yeah, just saying over here. I respect your on the matter This some women stuff too don't neglect the ladies Um This is in my opinion Something that I overlooked If you want to support the podcast, you know you know all is like oh my girls birthday is coming up in this case Christmas coming up I only bought my wife one thing and it was it wasn't that good because I don't have that creative thing if you're thinking that Get them a discipline equals freedom women's t-shirt v-neck pink Or black or do you get whatever the color you like but there is pink if you want to get them one of that against my That's it that'll have a two-pronged effect boom you get a solid shirt that you didn't you know get it the swap meat Their quality stuff. They're good shirts. You know we made a point to get the good ones got a good quality shirt And she became instantly in the game two-pronged effect So get that for your wife if you want that's a suggested and three-pronged effects of Part the podcast boom there it is somebody's in there as well for the cold weather And yeah some patches the official like two by three can F-d flat dark earth color official where with your uniform boom Available now as they say anyway jockelster.com Also We got jocco white tea now Jocco white tea is in apparently extremely high demand why because it tastes awesome and it also Makes you feel good and it's got antioxidants it which makes you healthier Yes, and I'm not gonna use any scientific turns. I'm just gonna tell you So it's been it's been in high demand we have Logistical issues right straight up so it's showing up at Amazon it's getting going through their system Just keep checking and we've got and I told I told everyone That we would never run out of white tea This was a mistake yeah promptly I did not understand The logistic challenges that we would be facing now I have Not even doubled down not even tripled down I have quadrupled down to make the future Bright we will get to a point in the future Where we will literally never run out of jocco white tea but for now But for now Keep checking back on Amazon sign up for the little notification thing because when we when they clear it through their little System it shows up and everyone that has the notification is buying it immediately so it's running out the other day It was up for 18 minutes or something it was gone Wait what not if we get on the Amazon okay? You can sign up for notifying me when this is back in stock So When that happens boom you can order it immediately the mugs the mugs that say get after it on them and that have a little Approved symbol with someone's head that looks a lot like me on it You can get those on Amazon as well and they're big they're bigger than normal because bigger That way you can fit more white tea and it and be more Better and you can get those those are also same thing on Amazon again I apologize But the way the system works they're coming in they show up and then they and then they take a certain amount of them put them into the system But then they don't realize yet an Amazon Amazon doesn't they're not in the game yet to be quite honest with you They're not in the game they don't understand what's happening We're trying to explain it to them that people want mugs they want when they want mugs they also want tea to put into the mugs We're getting there same thing logistically we'll get to a point where we will we will Not run out of mugs now. I don't know if the mugs will keep making forever I don't know because once everyone has one then they'll say okay. I got mine so then we'll stop making them But You can get them on Amazon you can get the tea on Amazon you can get the reload which is a hundred bags you can get the 10 which is quality Container that you can then reload with the reload So do that that's on Amazon.com also Extreme ownership muster number two in where New York City it's gonna be May 4th and May 5 WW dot Extreme ownership dot com go get registered do it fast the price does go up the close we get to the date So A I don't want you to pay more B it's gonna sell out So the faster you do it the better chance you have of going and of paint a little price When we get there if you're thinking that I'm not gonna sit there and talk to you and I'm not gonna sign your book and lay It's not gonna sit there and talk to you and lay it's not gonna sign your book you're wrong We're gonna sit there. We're gonna sign your book. We're gonna talk to you. We're gonna dress your problems. We're gonna hang out We didn't go behind the curtain at all Zero times Actually we did one when the thing was over we walked back off stage off off the off the stage and behind the curtain for about three minutes Because we were a little bit fired up at that point. We just walked back there and decompressed Then came out and started sign a book that was one time, but the rest of the time. Oh, we'd say okay everyone take a 10 minute break we'd go to the front and sign books, right boom or talk to people or address something or Whatever so This isn't a thing where you go and we're gonna be You know behind the curtain and come out like I'm a rock star and I'm not a rock star I'm not nothing And the my purpose of being here is to hang out So that's why we're gonna monster that's why we're having the monster So come to the master New York City come and hang out You're gonna learn something. I'm gonna learn something. We're all gonna learn something and You're gonna meet a bunch of people that are I hate using this term bunch of people that are like minded right because really can do minds be alike No, they can't be but can two people three people 300 four hundred and fifty people they're gonna be New York City that all want to get after it Can they be there? Yes, they can and they will in force Until we get to the monster in the meantime if you want to talk to us That just so happens that We're all up in the into webs Twitter Instagram and as you might have sense we also on that Facebook Boha Echo Echo is at Echo Charles and I am at jokka willing and To wrap this up Thank you for listening Thank you for listening for the past year 52 straight weeks no breaks But I want to say this. I want to tell you Something else and I want to make this clear Don't just listen Don't just listen do I'm I'm not just talking so you know I'm not just talking I'm doing And I don't want you to just listen put this information to work Make today Count Every day Go forward Get aggressive and attack whether it's on the battlefield or on the beat Or in the factory or on the farm or on the construction site or on the website In the garage or in the firehouse Don't hesitate Step Step forward And get after it So until next time This is Echo and Jocco out