 This is Jockel podcast number 125 with echo Charles and me, Jockel willing. Good evening, I go. Good evening and we are bringing a Q&A today. Sure. To the world. First question. Dang right into it. Okay. All right. What is the difference between an excuse and a reason? Hmm. Kind of a good question, right? Sure. Okay. And the reason it's a good question because there can be legitimate reasons why things happen. Right? And so, for instance, you're in a sailing race, right? In a sailboat. And the mast snaps in half. Now you don't win the race. But I mean, you didn't, you know, the mast snapped. What can you do about that? Or the weather is horrible. Weather rolls in. You can't launch your aircraft so you can't go on your mission. You can't control the weather. So, you know, like, what's up? How can that? That's a reason. Or you get really sick. So, you can't compete in a competition. That's a reason. You know, you were sick. Oh, you do bad because you were sick in it. It's a reason. Could be called now. Now, you could look at the situation and say, okay, if I'm going to take ownership of this, did I properly test the mast? Did I? Let me ask you this. Did we have a ground-based plan for the operation in case the weather came in? We were going to take vehicles instead. Right? Yeah. That would work. If you get sick before the competition, maybe you ask yourself, were you resting properly? Were you eating properly, going into the competition? So you wouldn't get sick. You could address that, correct? Yes. So, you can still take ownership of things, even if the initial reaction is like, all of this, you can't control that. Well, that you can influence it. You can mitigate it. Right? Now, can there still be legitimate reasons? Yes, they're can. And for me, the difference, the line between an excuse and a reason is a reason you have zero control over. Right? You just have zero control over something happening? Well, that's a reason. Guy, tell you, I was almost late the other day. For something. No, because this is borderline. This is borderline. I had an appointment at 10 o'clock. I left him. Is it 20 minutes drive? I left an hour. I left at, well, I left about 9. 10. I left 50 minutes to drive 20 minutes. Just so I'm going to make it on time. Yeah. I get on the road basically a couple roads out of my house and the one entry way to get on the freeway is lockdown. Lockdown. Like incident, like isolated some incident. Incident on a guy, a guy trying to kill himself on a bridge shot the road down. So no one's going on the highway. So what is it? Everyone's being channelized into marginal, what are they called back side streets? Yeah. Yeah. Reto is rerolled. Yeah. The clock is ticking. And and I made it, right? I made it. I was four minutes. I had four minutes to spare. So instead of it taking 20 minutes, it took whatever. 46 minutes. It took more than twice as long. That could be a fairly legitimate reason. Now, luckily, I had, I always, you know, I had planned that there could be something out of my control. It might take even longer. And that's why I leave early to go to unemployment or situation like that. So I could have also checked the traffic prior to leaving and taking a completely different route. That would have been, I blame myself. So even in that situation, I was thinking the whole time, why did I check the traffic before I left? I knew this could have happened. So anyways, in my opinion, an excuse is when you blame something that you could have controlled and a reason is something that you have absolutely no control over whatsoever. You think like a legit disease. I mean, sometimes people have, they just don't, you can't control that. It happens. But I think, and I think this is the important part. I think that what you will find, especially when you approach the world with an attitude of extreme ownership. And that's that you're not going to make any excuse. You're not going to blame it. And all it's, is that you actually have a lot more control over things than you think you do. So we've talked about this before. When I go to the airport, I get there really early, because it's something that you have no control over. You're going to stand in that TSA line, and those people are going to take forever. And that's the way it is. And if you want to get mad at them, you doesn't matter. You can't control. You cannot control it in any way. You can stand at the back of my flight, leaving in 30 minutes. And they'll be like, whatever, you should have shown up earlier. You can't control it. So in those situations, how do you control it? You show up early. You take ownership of it. You show up early. You don't just, I don't know what happened. The traffic was bad. I mean, it's just a million excuses. You can give. If you get that attitude where you're not going to make excuses, and you'll actually take ownership of the things. And then you'll actually solve problems before they even happen. If I'm going to an appointment, and I have the excuse in my back of my head that, you know what, if I'm late, I'll just say it was the traffic. I have much more increased chance of being late. All right. So what's, what that's, that's one of the things that makes extreme ownership hard is it hurt your ego. It hurts your ego. It hurts your ego to admit that you have control over things that went wrong. That's that they're, it's your fault that hurt your ego. It's also effective because of that. It's effective because you solve problems. Like I said before they even happen. You solve them because you take ownership of them. Yeah. But isn't this just a bunch of semantics, though, like excuses and reasons, because really when it comes down to it, excuses like in excuse, like you're excused. Like the reason is a reason for sure. But it's like, well, that's what this whole conversation. Yes, it is about semantics. And the semantics are for me, an excuse is something that you could have controlled and a reason is something that you could not control. Aren't they all reasons? So it's up to, I mean, again, you say tomato. I say to I get it. But come on, you brought it up. So, okay, so I remember when I went out and I went to school, you get, you come late to school. You get in trouble. Unless you have an excuse. Now, with it's, there's a difference between, and I'm saying in the, in the field, in class, right, you come, you come into class. If you have just your own excuse, like, oh, my, you know, dog ate it or I don't know, that's for homework. But whatever, that's different than if you have an excuse slip, which is an official slip, you know, your parents or whatever, you're also the office. Also, no, it's not your movement to get, excuse, slips change to reasons, slips. Right, right. Because that's what it's, it's a legitimate reason. Exactly. The kid had chicken pox can't come to school. You can't come. Yeah. You, there's nothing. You got chicken pox. That's what. That's what. That's how. Yeah. That's how. So, but now, given that, now, aren't we just talking about a very, like, a standard from case to case, so like, let's go back to school, but Brad bear with me. You want to get to the bottom of this. I'm telling you, if you, if you're barred by thread, if your parents had car trouble, right, is that an excuse for a nine year old? For a nine year old? Yeah. It is, it is a reason for a nine year old. So, that falls on the hierarchy of standards, but within the standards of being a quote unquote, legitimate excuse, right? Because that's really what it is. So, reason in your case, in your, yeah, a reason is language, language, language, language, and that's a reason as far as this question goes. Absolutely. In fact, I think I use the word legitimate in this, I was going to talk about it. Yeah. Yeah. And so, using the word reasons rather than excuse is just like, okay, let's make the language more simple rather than, because if you have an excuse, if you have an excuse, that's, it's that by its very nature by its very definition, you're excused. It's an excuse. You're excused from food for mean late or mean late to your, whatever, but if it's weird, because if someone else gives it to you, gives you the excuse. Like, you're excused. Hey, the guy was about to come at suicide, I get it, man. Your excuse kind of thing. It's like that's an excuse. In this case, a legitimate one. But if you give it to yourself, that's the excuse that nobody likes. All right? Like, hey, man, traffic all you should have prepared for that. Yeah. Hey, man, my, you know, whatever was going on in this and that, oh, man, you got to prepare for that. Do you seem saying? Yeah. I guess so. There you go. So reasons and legitimate excuses, same thing. Yeah, I'll give you that. You could have said that like four minutes. So there's no it. I'm just saying you'd have explained this thing because sometimes I hurt to understand. I'm telling you. No, see, the more you talked about it, the less I understand. I'm saying, said the last thing. I had to sum it up. Okay. The summary was great. I give you a big, a B plus on the summary. All right, thanks. I'll take it. Thank you. Yeah. Next question. Yes. Joko. Hindsight is 2020. But here's a crazy thought. North Korean soldiers would have ended up with a better life like South Korea. If they did not fight as they did in the 50s, when should a soldier question his leaders values? That is not a crazy question at all. And the answer is very straightforward. A soldier should always question their leaders. Not just their leaders values, but their leaders plans. Their leaders strategies. Their leaders vision. You should question everything that your leader is telling you. And if you see something is wrong, then you should raise your hand and call it out. And I would say not only is it something that you should do? It's actually your duty. It's actually your duty is to raise your hand as a soldier. And I'll tell you this doesn't only apply to the military. It applies to any organization. And it might sound like I'm encouraging mute knee or rebellion. But actually the opposite is true. If you have a team that questions the leader, the leader doesn't become weaker. The leader becomes stronger. If he's a good leader, if he's on the right path, if he's doing the right thing, he becomes stronger. Because everyone starts to understand why things are happening. They understand the vision more fully. If the leader doesn't have a good vision and he's getting question and he can't answer the question, yeah, he might have a mute knee on his hands. But it's not because the people are asking questions because he doesn't know what he's doing. So the leader can't see everything. And he can't solve every problem or have every idea. But the collective mind of an organization can make that happen. And that's why as a leader, if I'm in a leader's position, I want my subordinates to question me. I want them to question me. And like I said, if I don't have a good answer, I then need to find one. And if I can't find one, then maybe I'm actually doing something wrong. That's entirely possible. And now from a, if we want to talk about like a moral or an ethical perspective, then absolutely. And there was a group of high ranking soldiers in Nazi Germany, that tried to kill Hitler. And unfortunately, they failed. But they did the right thing and tried in trying to kill him. They did the right thing. Like not only did they question them, they knew he was wrong. And they said, okay, we're going to kill him. Now, do you put yourself at risk when you ask these questions? Because I'm sitting here saying, yeah, I want my subordinates to ask questions. There's people that don't want their subordinates to ask questions. Not good leader, not good leadership. That's not a good way to lead. I'm sorry. I'm telling you the truth. I mean, and so there's a risk. Because if your leader doesn't want you to ask questions and you raise your hands and ask a question and you do it an untapped for a way and you do it a way that offense, your leader, well, then you might end up getting fired or if you try and kill Hitler, you might get killed yourself because that's what Hitler did. After his assassination, he's happy he went and killed a bunch of people, including Robball, his best general. Because he thought he was involved in it. So you, you're definitely taking a risk, but then you have to ask yourself what is the alternative. So in a moral or ethical situation, what's the alternative? And I'm not saying there's no alternative. Because sometimes maybe you'd be better not trying to kill Hitler, but rise in the ranks and get to a situation where you can have more control and mitigate the damage that he's doing to the country. That's a possible consideration to take. Maybe you say, okay, you know what, Hitler, I'm going to be your guy and I'm going to, you know, I'm going to do things so that way you can rise up in the ranks and being a position where you can stop his bad decisions. As opposed to, if you try and kill him, you fail, you know, you mean, obviously, once you're dead, you don't have any influence over the organization. Same thing if you're in a business, whether something going on and you want to raise your hand. And yet if you raise your hand, you know that there's a risk that you might either ache, fired or you might get demoted or you might get put out of your leadership position. And now you're letting down, now you can't have an influence over the scenario anymore. So that's that's something to consider as well. It takes a significant level of moral courage to stand up in those situations. And you have to be tactful. I think that's important to say, you have to be tactful. You have to have, you don't walk in and just start questioning your leadership immediately. You have to build a relationship for us. First, you have to grow your trust between each other and then once you have that, you can then tactfully bring up questions and try and get to the bottom of why things are happening or why things are being done a certain way or another way. Question your leadership. And if you're a leader, don't get offended when you get questioned. Be happy. Be happy. Even when your kids do it. Even when your kids do it, especially when your kids do it. Yeah. Because you always want to take that easy out. Just do what I told you to do. Yeah, I do it. I said that. It's different than what I said. You caught yourself. Yeah, I played that for a day. Self policing over there. Outstanding. What about when they always add the kids? What they always say why. And then, you just think you gotta be careful. I'm speaking from experience. You know how, you know the whole, this is old school. Like, oh, why? Oh, because of this, why? Why? And then, it gets fun to them just to say why. They don't even want to know why it now. It just becomes a game. Then what just shut it right down. Well, that's when you should just keep, oh, it's me against you. No, no, just go to your to one of them. You ask why you asked them a question back. Why do you think it goes that way? And then, let's say, well, I don't know. Well, why? Why don't you know? Just one sweep. Yeah. Yeah. It's a sweep. Yeah. It's a good one. Yeah. It's a really good action. Speaking from experience, I got four kids. All right. Good. Thank you for that. Next question. Joko, you say, Jitsu makes you humble. Why do some Jitsu instructors and many Jitsu practitioners act like complete arrogant? Jers. Oh, yeah. That's a good one. That's a great question. And we haven't really talked about, have we talked about, I don't think we've talked about that. Now, I've talked about how some like, there's bad, there's bad apples in the Jitsu community for sure. But the way that the way that I talk about the Jitsu and the way we talk about it, like everybody that does Jitsu should be some Buddha like enlightened being at one with the universe. And totally free of any ego, because that's what we talk about, Jitsu. But like I said, I've talked about the fact that there's definitely bad people in Jitsu. And that's why you need to be careful when you're, you know, Jitsu should not be a cult. You, you should not be worshiping your instructor. Your instructor is a human being. There's been Jitsu people that have been wrapped up in all kinds of terrible stuff that every kind of crime you can imagine. So again, just like a person in the military, just like a seal, just like being in the seal teams doesn't make you a good person. It applies to everything else. Jitsu, just because you do, you do, you do, you do, you just because you're a black phone, you just doesn't make you a good person. Yeah, you, you, you, you're, you're a, you're a good person. There's plenty of malevolent people out there that wear the cloth of God, but actually practice the work of Satan. So you have to apply that rule to everything. And it's definitely the same with Jitsu. And Jitsu, Jitsu is a power. It's a position of power. When you're good at it, you have some power over other people and some people are going to abuse that power. If you have the right mindset, Jitsu is extremely humbling because you realize that what you realize when you do Jitsu is that you can be beat by other people. That's what you realize. And it, for the most part, as a broad generalization, if another human has been training longer than you, they can beat you. And this is especially in the beginning of Jitsu, right? Once you have, once you get further along, it's that gap closes up. But in general, if someone's been training six months and you've been training one, you're going to get beat. There's very few exceptions to that. If you've been training for a year and someone's been training for one month, you're going to beat that person that's been training for one month. That's just, and, and that covers a huge, that covers all kinds of weight classes and athletic ability and all that stuff. The great athlete total stud can, if you've been training for one month and you've got someone that's been training for a year, year and a half, it's going to be a problem. So, if you realize that when you start, that makes you humble. And if you remember that as you get better, it will keep you humble if you don't forget that. But what happens is sometimes people forget that it's Jitsu that gives them the power to submit other people and it's not their power. Right? It's not their power. They believe that they are the power of Jitsu. They think it's them. And so they think they're better than anyone else. And that's what that is. That's arrogance. That's what it is. And it's ugly. And I think really, if I was to drill down, I would say it's caused by people that are number one insecure. They're insecure. So, they just, they get this thing that they can dominate other people and they relish it. Or, you know, also, people that are just like not that smart. Right? They don't realize, they don't, they don't put two and two together. That like, oh, the reason I'm better, the reason I can choke this person is because I've been training longer than them. That doesn't make me a better human being. It just means I'm better at this one aspect of being a human being. So, I would say those are, yeah, those are some of the reasons. And if you end up at a school where people are arrogant, just don't train there. Go to different school. Yeah. It's like the only school option you have. And if it's getting in your way, I mean, because there's a different, let's face it like being arrogant is kind of strong. But, being not humble in these teeny tiny little ways, you run into that all the time. Just these small ways, you're still within the jujitsu community though. So, you know, this guy may always talk about how good his triangle choke is or something like this, you know, this stuff. And that's not to mention like, that's not offensive though. Yeah, exactly. Is it okay? No. Yeah, I'm not a fan of that. But I probably tell you, yeah, you do have a good. Yeah. But you know how guys will brag and, you know, be like, oh, it's not tournament or something like that. It doesn't scream humble. You know, it doesn't necessarily. So, maybe like that expectation, whatever. Okay. I think you kind of got to make a concession for those sorts of things. Yes. Absolutely. Like, you know, this is something I talk about. It's a dichotomy leadership, it's a dichotomy of the ego, right? You don't want to go to a school where no one cares if they went to lose it. You want to go to a school where, like, where, hey, when we train here, we're training to beat each other. Like we're training to win. Yeah. When you win, you're happy. There's ego on the map for sure. My ego's on the map. I don't want to lose it. Don't like to tap it. Don't, you know, it's a great. But I mean, at the same time, I love to tap because that means I'm learning. But you don't, so that's that's acceptable. Like that's, of course. Yeah, you want to train a place where there's competitiveness in the school. Yeah. But this is totally different. This is, you know, when you get people that are just arrogant, you're extremely, they're definitely out there. Most, I don't know, I don't know. What do I say most? That's the way it should be. They haven't learned to get too correctly. Yeah. That's not what your juts is meant to be. I think you're in my opinion. 100% rate when you say it's like an insecure person and not the kind of broken insecure. It's just, you know, like someone who's saying, just live in an insecure, you know, someone comes in, like, especially if you're in like a certain type of instructor and you're used to like everyone just listening to every word you say and then, I don't know, a student or someone comes with something different than what you said. Or the opposite of what you said or something that kind of indicates that what you said is 100% correct is like boom, you're going to defend that little position that you've kind of grown accustomed to, you know, especially if you're even a little bit insecure, you're going to at least have those feelings. So, and it's interesting how that even that this, due to it's who wants to get reflects leadership in life. If you get a guy, if you get an instructor that gets shown to move, but it's not his move and he gets mad about it, like your respect for the instructor goes down. It does go up. If you get a guy that goes, wow, that's awesome. Let me see that again. Let me learn that. Let me incorporate that in my game. That's a great thing. Thanks for showing me. Yeah. You're respect for that teacher goes up because you recognize that they're humble, that they're evolving, that they want to learn, that they have an open mind, which is what you want to see in your leaders and in your digital instructors. Boom. Yeah. So funny. Adam, amazing. Amazing. Coach Adam. Coach Adam. Yeah. So he, I came in one time. He's teaching this move. And he, you know, he teach really good. I was like, yeah, it's a good move, you know, and he's teaching it. And when he explained what this move was, it was a move that he just got beat with in a tournament that someone else did and obviously was really good. And to me that you're never the move. Yeah. Yeah. It was like, you're similar to the, remember back in the day Frank Mir got this guy named Pete, big tall guy, Pete. This old school UFC. Oh yeah. Yeah. Pete. Oh, this is maniac. Maniac. Maniac. Wasn't the maniac. The twist is on. Right. Is like an Americana in an arm lock position. Yeah. Overhook, you know, from the car. Yeah. It was kind of like that, but it was a straight arm lock. Yeah. And the guy's name was Philippe. Oh, really? Wasn't it to himself, yeah. No, it was old. And the UFC was, it was Frank Mir did it to Pete. I think the name is Pete. He was a San Diego that actually. Oh, okay. He was old. I thought it was to have. I thought it was to have. No, Tim Sylvia's, he broke his arm and it's shallow arm bar. Oh, that, you might be thinking about that. But nonetheless, when Adam got hit with it in the tournament, it was against getting fully, Gracie Bogger. Anyway. So to me, when Adam decides to teach that move, that was like the opposite of what this arrogance is. It's not like, oh, it make a bunch of excuses and dismiss it because I'm dope. You know, and that was just so, you know, once in a lifetime, he was like, man, this is a legitimate move. They worked on me by the way. And that's not to mention getting over the fact that you lost an tournament and then now you're going to kind of revisit the whole situation by glorifying the move, kind of thing. So that's like the ultimate in humility, my opinion. There you go. But it makes sense. I mean, not to say it's good or it's like an exuser or it's fine or not or even acceptable or whatever, but it does make sense though, even like competitors, you know, like, I got it. He said practitioners, but maybe competitors or whatever were, you know, you have the competitive aspect of it. And so you're going to talk a high game about your jiu-jitsu, you know, that's kind of hot is or whatever. To be an arrogant jerk though, that, that, that, I think that's like something that the human being brought into jiu-jitsu, you know, and then the jiu-jitsu kind of just mixed it, you know, mixed it. That's what I think. There's what I think is what it seems like anyway, but I think for the most part, when you start jiu-jitsu, it makes you more humble than you were before, 100% because of that reason. It really should. And if it doesn't, you're wrong. Yeah. Even, I mean, it's hard. It's hard to imagine how it wouldn't even like in an exceptional. No, it's because when people start to get good at it and then they forget what it was like, yes, that's true. That's true. That's true. That's what happens. And then it comes biting you one day. You know, you know, you know what, but it's, these guys in here's the thing, when you've been in the game long enough, you see this super clear too, right? So let's say you get this, I don't know, this, this is a straw man, by the way. So you get this guy, he gets humble, right? He starts to just see you get humble. He gets good at you. Just do good at moves. He's tapping everybody out. Now he's in arrogant jerk. Now when these other big dogs start coming in, he avoids rolling with the other one. If you doesn't roll with the higher belt, he doesn't compete. Nothing like that. He only rolls with the lower belt. He's the same. You can do that. But here's the thing when people do that. It's so obvious. So obvious. Man, I remember when I started you to and this was like a few, like a year or two years in, I remember being kind of apprehensive, not apprehensive, kind of scared, actually in Endless working at the club where you kind of walk around and, you know, in the that club situation, it's that you can't know if it can be like, you don't know if this guy knows you're exactly men and where he, where it's like man, I got his humble. Yes, 100% and man, if there's not even a little bit of that in your head, it's like man, something must be weird. Because even me, I walk around like, hey, I'm pretty good at just you, but there may be somebody out there that's better. Yeah. I mean, what are you going to do? So be careful, he run your mouth too. How's that? How much tree people respect? How's that? Sounds like a good idea, man. And that's the result of being humble, then humility in general. Man, I think about it though, in the night club, like everyone's crunchesize you in each other up and it's kind of this thing, that's the climate. And also what it feels like, man, I remember thinking like this skinny guy right here, especially a tall skinny guy, who in, if you didn't know about you, just a tall skinny guy, there's one other than a non-fact, they're kind of thing. But now it's like, man, if you get caught in a arm bar, a choke in on the, you know, on the streets, so to speak, right here in big trouble. Huge trouble. Stay humble. Stay humble. But yes, that's the explanation I agree with you 100%. Next question. Next question. Next question. Well, let's talk about you do some more, some more because I could, if you want, we could, you could, at least in. Next question, when you grow in size in an organization, do you have to change the principles of combat leadership from extreme ownership or adopt new ones? No. Oh, wait, so I, but I asked this kind of, we, and I, you know, like, do you have to do any, either either of these, right? That's kind of the, the question. Do you have to change the principles or adopt new ones? Do you have to do that? No, the answer is no. As a matter of fact, when your organization gets bigger, the only change you have to make is to get better at the laws of combat. That's what you have to do. So, as you grow, you have to work harder to build relationships with other divisions so that you can cover and move for each other, right? That's, that's, that's a given. You have to get better at keeping things simple because the message has to be spread to more people. So word has to be spread that is simple clear and concise. That makes sense. You have to learn how to prioritize an execute better because there's a larger group of people that have to shift their focus on whatever priorities coming out. It's that you have a bigger ship to turn. And you have to do this accurately and quickly and there's less room for error in shifting priorities when you have a bigger organization. And of course, for decentralized command, you have to get better to that because in a small organization, it's pretty easy, right? You don't really, you don't really have to do decentralized command. If you've got five people working for you, you can actually just control. You don't really have to use decentralized command. It's a place to begin it and instill that culture, but you can get away without it because you can actually, you can actually watch everyone. You can direct everyone. You can influence everyone and you can actually lead them directly when you're in a small organization. So you don't have to be all that great at decentralized command. But as you get bigger, you just can't do that anymore. So the only way to watch everyone and direct everyone and influence everyone and lead everyone, the only way to do that is through your subordinate leadership is through decentralized command. So you have to be better at that. Now, I will say that the one thing that you may be have to adjust, it's not really a principle, but you are going to have to look at your communication methods. You're going to have to look at your communication methods. You just aren't going to be able to meet with everyone face to face anymore. You don't have time when you're organizing, when your organization gets big enough, you won't. There'll be employees there and subordinate leaders that you'll never see. Maybe some, you know, some that you've never been on a call with. So how do you get the message? How do you get the mission all the way through the organization? We have to do with decentralized command, but how do you communicate it? And my thing is always like you have to communicate in every available method and the bigger you get. The more the larger your organization is, you have to take advantage of everything, you have to take advantage of calls of emails, of meetings, of physical documents that you know, you put out and say, have you read this and you make videos? I'm making that recommendation a lot now to big larger organizations that I work with is wider, you know, I'll ask them how often are you having an all hands-type meeting? Well, it's really hard because you can't really get face to face to everyone because we've got multiple different, not only multiple different areas, but we got multiple different times on so if we want, you know, you got someone on the other side of the ocean, hey, we're going to have a meeting at a reasonable time. It's impossible to have everyone at a reasonable time. So what do you do? Okay, eventually it's okay. Well, why don't you make videos? Make it make a, make a four minute video that everyone can see and understand and see where the vision's going. So all these, every different communication methods that you can hit all the different types of people because there's some people that like to read emails. There's something that won't watch a video, but they'll read a email, they'll read a document. There's some people that will not sit in a conference call, but they'll go through the notes that get sent out a bridge notes. So there's all kinds of ways to communicate in my advice is to use them all, but the fundamental principles of leadership itself don't change. So don't just stick to them, actually get better and pay more attention to them. Check. Decentralized, command. That seems like the one, but actually know what now that you kind of explain it. They'll seem pretty important. Well, they are all important and there's, and they are, it's interesting. They're, they're actually in order. What they're actually in order, well, they're in order the way we wrote them in the middle of the way I originally talked about them. It's like the number one cover move. If you're not doing that steam work, if you're not doing that, you're not going to do anything. Number two is you got to keep things simple. Like you have to do that because you can't cover move for someone else if you don't even understand what's going on. So it's got to be simple. And then prioritize next to you. Well, there's going to be things that are changed, things that are dynamic. And so the next thing you've got to worry about is like when things change, how are you going to prioritize what's changing, how are you going to handle these problems? But then the last one is decentralized command, which is now that you've got those other four kind of stable. Now you can start really leading properly. But for your, to your credit, if you flip those upside down, in order of sort of broad organizational importance decentralized command is the most important. One, now you're not going to have it without the other three. Prioritized next cute is the next important one from an organizational perspective. Keeping things simple is then the next one. And so if you flip them upside down as an organization, the level of importance inside the organization is reversed, but the way that you have to implement them. And the, and you, the bottom lines, you'll never get to decentralized command if you can't keep things simple. We don't come in. So you can't get there. But in order to build them, so in order to build them, you have to kind of use in order. But then when you look at them, when you look at them from the importance of how well they make a team function. Again, if you can't cover and move it all or you can't keep things simple, you'll never get to decentralized command. But you have someone that's working them all and they're all doing well. Well, then the most important one is decentralized command. decentralized command is the one that takes you the highest level. Right. It'll have the most impact on your organization. You'll never get there without the other three. But once you have those three and you, you implement decentralized command, you'll be absolutely that'll be the most powerful thing in your organization. You can't do without the other three. It's the strongest, but it's doesn't matter without the other three. Yeah. Just check. That's a question. Joko, how does your quote unquote play the game? Play the games in terms of completing the goal fit in with Jordan Peterson's agreeableness in terms of career advancement. Is it a case of right time right agreeableness? So this comes from Jordan Peterson talking about how people that are more agreeable have less success in promotion and salary than someone that is more assertive. So it's a really good question because this person is taking what I talk about, which is play the game. And thinking that that means agreeableness and it does to some extent. It absolutely does to some extent. And so that's a really good question. And the answer is that there's a dichotomy to this, that they're like like all of life and like all of business and like all of leadership. There's dichotomy because while while someone that is agreeable, like like very agreeable, certainly has less of a chance of career advancement than someone that is assertive. Right? That makes sense. Like if you never say, hey, I'll do that or hey, let me handle that project. If you don't ever do that, and someone says, hey, no, I'll do this. And you go, okay, that's fine. And we're going to promote this guy. Oh, okay, that's fine. You know, if you're that agreeable, well, yeah, it's going to be problematic. But also, when in when assertiveness turns into overly aggressive, the chances of advancement start to go back down again and when you take someone that's when you get to someone that is ultra aggressive and rubbs people the wrong way and won't do any compromising, that person's going to be at the same person, the same level of this advancement is someone that's super agreeable or at least in the same ballpark, they'll be close if they still have a job at all, by the way, because someone that's, you know, overly aggressive and won't compromise with anyone and calls everyone out. The, if they're the complete far end of the spectrum opposite to agreeable, that's going to be a problem. So, so when I talk about playing the game, I'm, I'm definitely talking about being agreeable because I'm telling you to be more agreeable, right? When you don't play the game, it's like, hey, we're going to think this, we're going to run this new project. That's project is stupid. Mm-hmm. Well, an agreeable person would say, okay, well, that sounds good, where we go with this. Now, an agreeable person that's too agreeable might go down the road of something that's not a good plan. But if you're overly aggressive, if you're not playing the great game at all, you're not going to get past go, right? So, when I say play the game, I am talking about being a girl now, talking to someone the other day who's pretty hardcore and he was feeling some heat from his boss in the company that I was working with and he wanted to fight back, wanted to fight back, hashtag recessed. And you want to fight back, you want to go beyond resist, you want to go like into the aggressive mode. And I told him, don't fight back, I said, play the game. And he sort of got aggressive because he said he's pretty hardcore guy, he started getting aggressive with me and saying, oh, that's what I should do now bow down, it gets the ring. I'm not going to do that. I'm a man, right? It came at me with that, with that angle. And then he said, this, which was interesting. He goes, you know, he said something along once, but you would take this kind of crap, why should I? And I stayed quiet for a minute. I heard him say that, and I was like, oh, you just serve me up all soft. And then, you know, I took a big breath and I'm like, you have no idea. You have no idea the things that I have done, the pride that I have swallowed, the dumb jokes. I've laughed at the idiotic plans of supported the insane lengths that I had to go through out my career, my entire career to win, to win in the end. That was my goal. And in order to win, you kind of play the game. You got to massage some egos. You have to accept some things that you normally might not accept. You have to eat some humble pie some from time to time and what you're doing and why you do those things is so that you can build, so that you can build confidence with your boss. That's what you're doing. So you can build trust with your boss. And you do that. So that in the end, if your boss is not a good guy, you can actually beat the boss. You can win. But you can't win if you don't play the game. You'll lose before you even start. So play the game. That's what I told this guy. Right? Now, can you do you have the balance this? Yes, you absolutely do because if you become a sick event and you just become a brown noseer, am I talking about becoming a brown noseer? No. Because if you do that, you're losing clouds and influence with your with your team or with your subordinates or with your peers because you're brown noseing the boss and you're losing cloud there. So you have to, and you won't win because those guys are going to get past it to you. They're not going to support you. So I'm not saying you go overboard. You have to have balance. You have to know when to say yes, when to a piece. I built so much cloud. I built cloud by doing things that people wanted me to do that. Maybe I was kind of a weird project or they want me to try some piece of equipment. It's like cool. Yeah, I'll try it. We'll write you a good report about it. You know what I mean? Like, oh yeah, you want me to try some new tack. Cool. We'll give you a try. In my mind, I'm thinking this is dumb. But you know what? Hey, let's give it a try. Oh, you know what? We didn't work as well as I was hoping it would. But you know, here's some points. We took away from it. Okay. The guy at least said as opposed to saying that new tactic is stupid. Your plan is dumb. Okay. I'm disagreeable. What's that going to get me? It's not going to get. I'm being too assertive. I'm being too aggressive. So you have to, you have to balance it. You have to know when to tactfully stand up and disagree with someone instead of being totally agreeable all the time. I'm not talking about being agreeable all the time. I'm talking about balance. I sort of'm talking about and that's playing the game. So playing the game is not being a submissive agreeable. Baby, right? That's not playing the game. Playing the game is playing balance is knowing when is building trust. It's doing some dumb things, showing respect and just playing the game. And you're playing the game to win. That's what you're playing the game for. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I get it. You know, playing the game, you know, maybe got viewed as like being agreeable. But when Jordan Peterson talks about agreeableness, he's talking about a personality trait. He's not talking about some action you took to do something. Oh, yeah. But agreeableness has resulting actions if you're an agreeable person. Yeah. Yeah. But when it comes when it stems from a personality trait, that means just like I you said, like you're going to be agreeable for the most part regardless. Like I forget what the the other trait was is called about, you know, success when you're talking about that. But nonetheless, like if you're talking about playing the game, meaning sure you might have to display some agreeableness everyone's in a while to kind of size it when you have to or when you you know, when it's useful. That does not mean you're an agreeable person as a personality trait. That's true. Way too different completely different thing. I'm definitely not. I'm definitely not saying that you're going to be able to train your change your personality. Yeah. Because I'm not a very agreeable person. I agree with people all day long. Right. Why? Because I'm trying to win. That's the point exactly. Right. I actually disagree with 89% of the things that I hear on a daily basis. You know what I mean? I'm literally trying to figure out right now as I'm thinking about this. So many things I disagree with. There's two things that are going on. Number one, this is this is straight up. Number one, if you give me an idea. And I go, that's dumb echo. Number one, I'm arrogant. I'm not listening. I'm I'm shutting the idea out. When your idea might have some good traits to it. Number two, your pissed. Yeah. Right. I didn't gather any cloud with you. I didn't build our relationship at all. I just said like, hey, that's a dumb idea. No, so instead of me, okay, we'll tell me about it. Tell me, like, how would you, how would you implement this idea of yours? Because maybe it could have some good benefit. I could see where you're coming from on this. Yeah. Well, now I'm building our relationship and you're thinking that, hey, this guy listens to me and that's what I like and someone I work with. Someone that listens to me. So those are the kind of things that we're talking about. I'm not talking about changing your personality. I'm a disagreeable, I'm a disagreeable human being. But I don't show that very often. I don't, there's something I was talking about. I was talking about this. Who's I talking to? I forget what I was talking to, but I was talking about how I never, ever. Like, there's some things that really bothered me. Sure. In the world, I never tell anyone what they are. I will not. I'll go to the, maybe I'll put like in my last will-intestimate things that bothered me. But I will, but, but, but I don't tell anyone. Yeah. Why? Well, the main reason is because when you're in the teams and people know what I was going to get, they're going to tear you up with that thing. So you will never, I'll never say it. Well, tell my kids, don't tell my wife nothing. When something happens that really, really bothers me, because I'm disagreeable. I don't like that kind of stuff. Is it like pet peep kind of stuff? Or is- All right. Personality traits. I don't like the way people communicate sometimes. I don't like little pet peeves that I have of things that people do that I don't like. I don't, but no one knows any of them. No one knows that they're all deep undercover. And I will never tell anyone what they are. You want to, I feel like you should kind of tell me just so I avoid these things because I'm very, very, very, very well in that way. Yeah. I don't want to do that stuff. Like if I'm saying, you know, people say, I don't know, no one's saying, no one's saying, or like, if I say, like, I say, like, a lot, do you not like that? Is that one of the things? I'll never tell anyone. I'll never tell anyone. All right. What's these things are? Cool. You're the target list for you. It's not that big. I'm at low risk. I'm still on the radar. I know. I do. Yeah. Hey, everyone, play the game, play the game. I know it's everyone wants- Hey, that's the funny things. Everyone thinks like, Joc was a core. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, actually, I'm going to play the game. Because you know why I'm going to win. That's the difference. I'm going to win. Yeah. That was kind of part of your story too. When the guy was, was that a face-to-face thing when you're talking, you're talking about the guy. Yes. It was. So there was like a built-in assumption right there. Well, you said you wouldn't take that. You wouldn't take that. What do you think? Oh, actually, let me tell you what my life has been like. Yeah. And you, and of course they're looking at me now and they think, well, he just, he just aggressively crushed everyone on his rise to the top, right? Yeah. It's like, no, not true at all. Yeah. Manuvered. Yeah. Like, played the game. Yeah. Nothing wrong with playing the game. Yeah. Now, again, this isn't, we're not talking about like you just become a kiss ass. That's not what I'm talking about. Yeah. Being a kiss ass is equally bad. Yeah. It's equally bad. You lose just as much respect. Yeah. Not only from your peers, not only from your subordinates, but also from the person that you're working with. Yeah. They even know your kiss ass. And they'll run rough shot all over you. I want to come sign with motion that, like, you know what, I want to pull up the other guy because it doesn't really matter. This guy was going to get a kiss my ass regardless. Yeah. Because you're too, you're too agreeable. Yeah. So I'm not talking about this. This is a dichotomy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Manuvered. Yeah. Manuvered. So you, again, the point that I was making that I think there might have been a misunderstanding, given the question. Like, play the game isn't the same as this agreeableness that Jordan Peterson is talking about. It's different. They're not the same thing. No. They're not the same thing. Like the question that he thought it was the same thing. Yeah. He exactly. He thinks that playing the game is being a real ball. Yeah. It's not. Yeah. It might sometimes be acting agreeable. It might be a green to some things that make you a little bit frustrated. Yeah. But you roll with it. You're rolling. Because you know what? You're playing to win. You're playing the long game. This is a joke. This conversation we're having with my, with my boss, with my subordinates. Yeah. It's a joke. That thing doesn't matter to me. Yeah. Okay. If I win this argument, I'm playing this long game over here. Like, when you're watching a driver? No. Come on, bro. You're watching a driver. No. I mean, I've seen shows that. Yeah. Okay. So I don't watch the right. Well, I do. I mean, my wife does so. Is this so long? I know. So I think it's still on. Yeah. Okay. So, survivor playing the game. And that that's a term that is all up in survival. Playing the game. So, okay. Once around, take too long and survive or but it's, it's totally in line with where you're talking about. So survivor, you, you know, they throw in here's what the basis, just the prime raw basis of survivor you throw a bunch of people on. I know everyone was a base. Yeah. You do some challenges. You vote each other off with certain, you know, advantages. You can win in what not. Right. We'll reward whatever you mean. So, and how it turned itself like what it morphed kind of into just by nature is like this little political game within the game. Right. And now it's just a huge overt part of survivor, the political game. I'm playing the game. I'm building alliances. I'm doing all this stuff or whatever. It's just exact same thing, man. Exactly. I'm building relationships or whatever. Yeah. Let me tell you what the huge difference is. And there's a huge difference. In that game, you're playing the game to win for yourself. Yeah. And when I'm talking about, and this is a, this is a such a huge part of the way I think that I didn't even talk about it because it's just embedded in the way I think. If you're playing the game to further yourself and further your own career, it's not going to work for you. Yeah. Because when you play the game like that, this is the same thing as like kissing ass. It's the same thing as your, your doing things because you want the advantage and people will identify that. If you're making, if you're playing the game so that your team can win so that you can accomplish the mission, that's when this works. That's when playing the game works. Otherwise, if you're doing it to promote yourself, it's not going to work. I need my work once or twice and it might get you one promotion. But everyone that saw you get promoted after you kissed us, they're all pissed at you. They're going to undermine you and you're going to go down. So interesting about what you just said there is that your absolute right. Survivor is like the one guy. So playing the game, I'm playing the game. Any time someone says that, hey, I'm playing the game. They do it in this context where it's like, and that's okay, we're here. It's a game. So it's acceptable. I'm playing the game. But they'll always say it in excuse for lying to someone or backstabbing someone and it's so weird how that, you're exactly right. That's the nature of the game. So when you play the game in this condying, and at work or the way you're talking about, it's always a good thing. It's always a good thing. It's always looking out for the long as you're doing it for the team. Yeah, it's a good thing. There's people that play the game and they play the game so that they are going to, you know, I just said this 10 times like I played a win. But yeah, I played for my team to win. I played for us to be able to accomplish the mission. That's why I'm playing the game. Yeah. If you're playing the game so that you can get the promotion or that's not, and like I said, it might work once or twice, but it's not going to be it's not a long term solution. Yeah. Yeah. That's a strong statement. I guarantee it's not a long term solution. Now what if you, now here's an example, just taking this one step further, you could play the game to get that one promotion. And then you could go, okay, now I can play the game to help the team. But you had to do some maneuvering to get into a spot where you could help. That's a trick you want because people still think you're a jerk because of what you did. But then you get there and it's going to take you a long time to build that trust back up because you maneuvered and you got collateral damage around there. Yeah. It's not a good thing. It's hard to clean up that collateral damage. Yeah, man. So you can't always do it actually. Yeah, careful. You know how you say you'll lose a battle to win the war kind of thing. So now in your little example, right there, you're like you lost a battle to win a little mini war to essentially lose a bigger battle to win a bigger war. You can say that all this little, it's just I can just do you sacrifice a position because you know you're going to end up with the area of the game that you're really good at. Yeah. Right. I mean, think about pulling art. What's pulling art? Yeah. That's the you're sacrificing being on the bottom because you're good at it. Yeah. For a bigger victory. This game goes deep, man. This stuff goes deep indeed. Wait, the game. All right. Next question. Hey, Jockel. I'll be heading to Marines OCS soon. And I know how crucial leadership is for success at OCS. TBS and as a Marine. My question is, what happens if you make a decision as a leader that you can rationalize at the best as the best decision for the team, but the result is not a good one. Well, my superiors want to see that I'm making quality decisions or producing the best results. I know good decisions usually lead to good results, but when it doesn't, what's the next best way to handle that situation? Well, under evaluation at OCS. Well, like you said, if you make good decisions generally, outcomes will be good. But you, but it is a correct statement that sometimes you make good decisions and they have bad outcomes. And in combat, that can definitely happen if you decide to go left instead of right. If you look to the left and you look to the right and the left has better cover than the right. And so you go to the left and then the the enemy happened to be, happened to have mortar styled in that area. And so as you go to the left, even though there's better cover, you get overhead fire, indirect fire, and people get blown up, people get killed. That may have been a good decision, but the result was bad. And there's no way you could have known that. So what do you do in those situations? You made the best decision that you could with the information that you had at the time, and it turned out to be a bad result. As a matter of fact, in a body, when they had a phrase to describe if someone took a shot at what they presumed was a bad guy, but it turned out to be, let's say a civilian, they would say, and they would investigate heavily to find out what happened. And depending on the situation and what happened most of the time, they would call good shot bad result, meaning a soldier, marine, someone was looking down a street and they see something and they see something suspicious. And then they see an actual, individual out there, carrying out enemy tactics, techniques, or procedures. And they judge the situation to the best of their ability and an all-vassant pressure arises, and he sees something else that also is enemy activity or enemy procedures. And then he's a friendly force approaching and he's like, okay, these guys are in danger. I got to do something, takes a shot. And it turns out that what the person was doing once they investigate, someone goes and sees what the person was doing, they were doing something that was not nefarious. It just didn't happen a lot, but it definitely definitely happened. And so the the term that they would use would be good shot bad result. And as long as the, as long as there was logic to the decision that was being made, and the people that the person that took the shot owned it and said, here's what I saw, this is the shot that I took. That's what happened. I owned it. And, you know, the upper chain of command would then say, okay, well, number one, is there anything we can learn from this? Is there anything that we could learn to prevent this from happening again? And if we can, then we spread that word until everyone would happen and why it happened. And if there's any way to improve the decision making process. Now, the biggest mistake that, so that's what you do, you own it, you see what you can learn from it and you move on. And your leadership and your instructors are going to see the same thing. They're going to see that you had a logic if you can explain why you made a decision. Now, your explanation might be bad. You know, your explanation might be bad. You might have prioritized wrong. You might have read the terrain wrong. You might have assumed that the enemy was going to do something and they did something else. Those are bad, bad things that led to your decision. Those are bad choices. Those are bad assessments. Those are mistakes that you made. And so those what led to your logic may be fault, faulted. Would that be a, like a dingy against you in a good spot? Yes, it would for wouldn't be a good shot. Yeah, because if you said, well, I thought that the guy was, I thought there was a curfew in the area. Well, there was no curfew. Why did you not know that? You know what I mean? Like, so not a good shot. That's an excuse. Right. That's not a good shot. You took a shot that your logic doesn't match up. Yeah. Yeah. But the other big, all right, say the biggest mistake, of course, that people make when they make a bad decision or things that don't make sense is that they defend them when they blame other people. They blame other circumstances. And that's what they say. Well, I wouldn't know and told me. No one told me that that or the, the sergeant was pointing in that direction. So that's where I told everyone to go. Like, no, don't do that. Don't don't make excuses. Right. Don't make excuses. It's like saying, well, I did a perfect job, but the, but the enemy used mortars. And that's out of my control. Like, no, instead of saying, so like the first case, like if you, if you went left and said, right, you ended up getting mortars, you know, you said, well, the, I didn't expect the enemy to use mortars. That's, that's not my fault. Then said, you said, you said, you know what? I should have done a better job assessing the mortar for it. And I should have had more space between my troops because that's another thing that I screwed up is my troops are too close together. And so we had multiple get wounded with one mortar round. That shouldn't have happened. And we could have moved quicker through that area, which I failed to do. So those are the things I'm going to fix next time. And there you have it. There you have it. Don't make excuses. If you own it and you explain what you can do better, the instructor's going to agree and they're going to move on. And if you make excuses, the instructors are going to eat you live. And by the way, if you make bad decisions continually and you keep owning them, well, let's say you keep making bad decisions. And so you start thinking yourself, well, I can't take ownership of this anymore. I'm going to get kicked out of here. Well, guess what? So then you start making excuses for him. You're really going to kick out of there. You're really going to kick out of there. So that's something to keep in mind. Also, keep in mind that the instructors know everything that's happening. They can see so much more than you can. And I know this because I was instructor for a lot. I was running the training for a long time. You can see so much one of the class, because you go through off to Canada, it's going to not allow to look at your food. And when I first, this is what they say, don't look at your food. So I sat down the first meal. And I'm like, I'm known to go to know if I'm looking at my food, how can they tell? And so I just go and stand down my food. And, ultimately, there's drone instructors all over you yelling at you. And the food told you not to look at your food, your weak and all that stuff. And I'm thinking how did they know? 13 weeks later, or 12 weeks weeks later, at Officer Canada, it's going to your candidate officer, which means you're now kind of in between the recruits and the drone instructors. And so you're allowed to walk around and you're reinforcing. And you go to the one of the tables where there's 30 recruits sitting there or Officer Canada sitting there. And you look down the line. And when someone glances at their food for a millisecond, it's completely obvious. It's so completely obvious. You can't hide it. I'm talking just their eyes are moved. Yeah, it's so obvious. And that's what it's like with everything when you're going through tactical training, the instructors can really see a lot. They can't see it that much because it's a little less control. But they can see a lot. And also they have things planned and part of the plan is that you're going to fail sometimes. They're going to set it up that way. And they want to see how you react to that. They want to see how you handle the stress, a number one of an unwindable situation. And then when you fail, how do you react to failure itself? Do you just blame your adults? Do you not? You wasn't my fault because that's what you're doing. It's going to be problematic. And the last thing I would say to this guy here, do relax a little bit, right? Because you haven't even gone to OCS yet. And yet you're fearing judgment. You're fearing not being considered to be perfect and you're not going to be perfect. And you're going to be absolutely judged. It's okay. Be humble. Do your best. And have a great time. It's awesome. Military training is so fun. Interesting. I heard mixed opinions about that. But hey, I'll tell you. You don't like, you know why it's easy to see you looking at your food. Why? It's an anatomical thing. When you look down your eyelids and eyelashes, all that stuff goes boom, they just shift down and super obvious physically to see. Yeah. Yeah. Notice that. If you look side to side, not much, only your little eyeball or whatever. But if you look down, but you can't look down without doing your eyelids. You're saying, like, you get it. Like, when you look down, your eyelids just any eyelashes. All I do is this. It's real obvious. Yeah. Real obvious. It's funny though. Yeah. Because I, I the same thing. I thought it was going to get to it. Oh, no, you can't. And it's not like you can act like you're looking at something else. And then you can't do that because it's, you know, you're going to have to shoot ahead. It was actually for so funny how I got so busted. And how cocky I was thinking how how they're going to stop me from looking at my food. I'll just go and stand. And they just are on you and like on the other guys. Yeah. And you look down. This is jump on it. It's crazy. It's good. I feel like this, this kind of thing may be a good way to look at it. And I'm only going on based on kind of what you said. But like any, any decision like situation where you're going to okay, I'm going to make the right call or the right, you know, tactics or what, you know, to get a certain result or whatever. It's really when you kind of think about it or what I do anyway. It, there's always an element of chance. Remember how like okay, so I'm going to the post office. Right. I'm driving. There is like okay, so me saying, okay, I'm going to go to the go to the safest route to the post office. Let me get there. But boom, I'm going to deal with their verb or mail my thing. I'm going to come on. The chance that I get killed in one way or another car accident, you know, whatever, whatever is there, very small. But it's still there. So, and not to say, you know, not to say the how big or small of the chance these things are. I'm just saying there is an element of chance regardless how big or small of something getting in the way of your success, even if you make all the right decisions or if you make the wrong decisions, there's chance just involved in general. Here, you just maybe think of something that can jam people up as you like to say. Sure. And this is something that guys used to say to me. And so you need to try and avoid this. People would say, I was trying to make, I was trying to do what what I thought you would want me to do. Right. Like I thought that's what you would want to see. That's what they'd say. Well, I thought that you would want me to do. I thought that that's what you want to see. So, if you start playing that game, like you start assessing what's going on, and then you start adding a layer of like what do the instructors want me to do right here. Yeah. The chances are that that's not going to turn out well because you're trying to predict what you should do is look at what's happening and make the best decision possible from your perspective. With the minute you start thinking, they, you know, they just taught a class on on breaking contact. They probably want me to break contact right here. So you call a break contact and then everyone runs away and then they go, why did you break contact? It was one guy with a rifle and you had a 40-man-plotoon. What's wrong with you? And they go, and then, and then what you say is, well, I thought you wanted us to know. We want you to run a good tactical situation. Yeah. Don't do what people, what you think will people want you to do. Don't do that. Genreally. I'm not saying don't weigh it at all because they're teaching you something. But don't be stupid. Yeah, don't do stupid. This is a good advice. But yeah, but see, I'm saying, know that that chance is always there. Yeah. So it's always judged. And it's weird how like when you, when you're successful in something, I don't know, whatever, even like in like life, like if you're, you're, you're, I don't know, you're career or something. When you're successful in it, you don't really talk about the chance element, you know. But if you're unsuccessful, that's when you'll be like, oh, just hey, it's just bad luck. You know, hey, these chance kind of situations or whatever. So it seems like, you know, ain't given what you said that his kind of objective or his kind of outlook or his way of being when he goes into the situation is, hey, man, sure, there's, there's going to be these chance that there's going to be a chance that the result isn't going to be that good. There's a chance. And there's a chance that it's me good or whatever, but focus on the decision, sound decision making. And then if a half the chance comes or the lock or the probability, the improbable situation or whatever, that kind of negates your good decision making with its bad result, then hey, man, still focus on your decision making. Don't be like, oh, look, where was someone else's thing that I had no control over? Kind of thing. Let me see. Sure. Next question. Next question. Jock, go in, jujitsu. I telegraphed my moves. When I focus on whatever escape or submission, I'm attempting, and it's pretty obvious to whom I'm training with. How do I learn to work on a particular move? Well, actually setting up another move at the same time. As sense of this. Yeah, that's a so jujitsu. Dave, I request you by the way. Interesting. Yeah. Okay, so good question. And actually reveal something pretty cool about jujitsu in many cases in jujitsu, especially like the first three to five years of training, and that that's a pretty big span. But what's interesting about is that the setups for moves are actually other moves. Right. So, and you actually have to attempt the other move legitimately in order for it to work as a setup. So, if you're mounted on someone and you want an arm lock somebody, don't grab their arm. That's the telegraph. What you do is you go for the choke. And you don't just fake go for the choke. You go for the choke. You put those, you dig in, you grab some ghee. You start to attack their neck. And obviously, if they don't defend, then you choke them, which is awesome. But you can so you go for the choke for real. But if they lift up their arm to defend their neck, which they should do, then boom, they are mock exposed and you take it. That's the way it works. And the same thing goes with Cameroos. Like the Camira sweep, ghee-teen. You know that combo from the guards, really like a basic one that you learn from the gums. Yeah, the bumps sweep, the Camira and the ghee-teen from the guard. The defense for each one of those is the setup for the other. And there's so many, you know, you just do it. Like that's what you do to it. It's like trying a alarm lock. It's, it's just that that's the way it is. You have to commit to the moves. You can't just like, if you do a half-hearted attempt to do a sit-up sweep on me, I'm not going to give you the reaction that you need to get a ghee-teen on me. Right? Because if you don't push me back hard enough, I'm not going to lean forward enough. You're not going to be able to grab my neck. Yeah. So it's not going to work. Now, as you progress in Gigiitsu, you're able to start attacking other things like, for instance, you can attack someone's balance. As I set up, you can attack your base. You can attack their posture. As a setup, you can attack their arm position. So you can attack the better you get it. Gigiitsu, you can attack some conceptual things. Dean said something like that the other day. I was like, dang, that's smart. What he was saying was he's like, hey, he said the person on the bottom can't fall down. Dean said that. Yeah. It's a little bit thin. I know it's a little bit. It's a little bit. It's a little bit. Profound. Right? The person on the bottom can't fall down. You can't, you can't mess with my balance at all. But I can't mess with you. If you're on top, I can mess with your balance. That's one of the key things that I try and mess with. Your balance. You can't mess with my balance. I'm on the ground. Yeah. Think about that one. Actually, you did say that that Dean said that, but I'm not sure. I don't know if you said that. You can't knock me down when I'm on the ground. Yeah. Well, that may be just where I put it. But that's true. Let's see. These principles obviously they apply, not only Gigiitsu, but they apply to the battlefield and they apply to the business. Because if you fake a frontal assault to expose the enemy's flank, but you don't put enough firepower in the frontal assault, then the enemy doesn't have to react to it. So they just kind of keep their perimeter secure. And then when you flank them, their flank is defended. Yeah. So it's the same exact thing. Yeah. You have to commit enough to throw the person to make the person react. If you don't give them enough, they're not going to react in the business world. If you come up with a, if you put up a new product to contend with your competitor in some market, but the product isn't strong enough that it becomes any kind of threat. Well, then the competitors enough to contend with it all. And you've actually wasted effort. So if you're going to go, go, go, get the reaction that you need. If you're going to execute a move to set up your opponent, it has to be strong enough to listen to real reaction. That's what you have to do. Now you could do something that's like a little distraction. That's a little different than a setup. Right. You can distract someone. Usually the distraction is much more minor than a real setup. I can get you thinking about something else while I go over here. Yeah. Not as effective, but it has its times. Yeah. Yeah. So interesting. I think Dave worked mentioned that idea to me before. Wait, is this a question from Dave's first straight up? Yeah. So, and here's another thing Dave works kind of early in the in the game to and which is a good thing because he's thinking about this stuff already. But I think generally speaking like these those types of tactics like where I'm going to go for this and then when he reacts to that thing, I went for it then I'm going to really do my real move kind of thing and there can be chains too, by the way. I can do one thing because that's the advantage. And the more you advance two people get when they're really against each other, the more that you'll see. So, but being early on or the more that you won't see, I remember when Dean and I were training like maniacs, burping and people would watch us and it barely even looked like you did to because the movements were so subtle. Like sometimes you wouldn't even like I would just feel his weight shift and I would immediately shift my weight and so there's three or four offensive and defensive moves that happen and there's barely any movement that's visual because it's all in the weight. Yeah. So, when you mean when you don't see it's like it's just so subtle that you don't see it can't see it. But it's yeah, Toby still there of course. So that's that's kind of good that I think anyway that he's thinking that you know how to do that. But I think what's more important given the stage and this is real generally speaking because people are different but learn the moves, you know the crisp like move like how to do an arm lock where your hips should be and shouldn't be and what makes it an arm lock a good arm lock and when makes an arm lock, for example a bad arm lock, you know where it's like you know how some guys can do an arm lock but it's like super easy to escape because you have these three details that you just didn't even though you know what an arm lock is kind of thing. So, I think I think anyway that when when you start to get those things down you're like a brown belt no. Yeah, all the yeah yeah yeah he's got a good arm lock. Yeah you got it you're gonna watch out for that thing but he's an example of like his arm lock is really good and everyone's got the really good moves. Yeah yeah that's a good example and when when you get and you know have full of those down or you're just your general game down in that particular way then you can start like leaking into that kind of way thinking where it's like okay I'm gonna go for this arm lock you know and then I'm not sure I 100% disagree with you because in my mind if you don't set things up they're not gonna work. Yeah so you have to set them up and you have to start learning where that set up looks like. Yeah but as I mean Dave works at that position right now this this the moves are not working because he's not setting them up because he's telegrafting him. Yeah so yeah that's why he's asking the question. Yeah so when you this is the this is the answer to when that question comes which it will when you start training GJitsu and you start training against people that know what you know or at least some of what you know they're gonna defend. Yeah and it's proper that they defend because their defense is a setup for your next move. Yeah that's the part you got to realize. Yeah so considered and when he asked me this before or when he talked about African-to-exactly when it was I was considering it through his point of view right or and with an expert okay so but this point of you and my point of view so if I'm rolling with a white belt and like a real new white belt and he's doing the move that they learn that day so he's doing it step by step by the way he learned and I'm like okay this is this that's the ultimate in telegrafting by the way when you're looking at the steps that you just watched them learn kind of thing. You might even have dotted to him so when they do that it's I think that's appropriate as far as the learning process early on it's like yeah get those down. Yeah practice that part of it yeah it's not gonna work it in fact it might work on another super new new guy. Yeah and and you I know I've rolled with guys Dean is one of them where he you know what he's gonna do. Yeah you know what he's gonna do. He might as well tell you yeah what he's gonna do and and he's gonna do it. Yeah now sometimes you give up like you give up an inch and all of a sudden you feel it and you go oh man I'm gonna my arm is exposed. Yeah and you and you spend the next two minutes defending that arm and there's nothing you can do to stop it right but in I think we both know that that's so much different in this way because if Dean's like okay man that's so multi-dimensional compared to like a white belt telegrafting his moves because Dean okay Dean for example he's black I'm gonna get mount and I'm gonna do armor. So him getting mount is gonna be all these little micro like things in there. Yeah. Not to mention the psychological war that he just waged on you and he's ahead by the way. So you got that and then you got all these little things where he goes for mount he's just gonna he's just gonna get mount so to get mount you got to do a certain you know thing in his case so when he does those things that's gonna be a bunch of those things that you're talking about all this thing I'm gonna fake this side but then I'm gonna go this side I'm gonna shift my weight so he shifts his weight that way so he so I go here so he so there's little many things but he's just so good at it that he'll do he can just do it like that true so I think I mean again the the point there is like it's it's a lot different with a guy who Dean when he says I'm gonna get mount and I'm an armbar you he's not telegraphy anything he's telling you sure but he's not technically telegraphy like like all my belt situation but either way I get it either way I mean everyone's different I do think that learning those steps and learning what a good I think getting that part down early on early on is is I think more foundational it's foundational once you start asking the question why won't anyone tap to my moves I need to set them up better here you go yeah yes I think you're right about that that's right you know to your point how you get when you want to do so it's kind of like a faint right in boxing maybe a little bit more like how you say I'm gonna when I go for a move as this as a set up move you got to really sell that move you got a really big going for that so it's like bait right yeah in fact you ever watch the movie bait no okay so bait is moving with Jamie Fox and you know some other people anyway so one of the guys it's it's long so I don't want to so they're trying to catch this did this gold thief right in bit so this gold thief it but he's a real genius computer nerd gold thief and he's super good at hiding the way you pronounce that you're like gold thief I was like okay this is a guy that's gold he's a criminal but he's like a computer guy you know he's a super genius easy like hides really well and super hard to find and all this and so the guy at the FBI guy whoever you know the the law enforcement dude he's like hey we got to set some bait so this guy comes out and gets the bait but when you set bait you can't be some fake thing and this bait has to be real like a wall you know when you try to catch a wolf the bait has to be real there can't be just some bait you bought kind of kind of idea so you know so the idea of the movie is they get this guy Jamie Fox and they make him the bait but he doesn't know he's the bait because he has to be real has to be he can be tainted with the human scent he got to be a real live piece of bait so that's essentially what your move's got to be absolutely you got to be like hey look if my bait is the armlock if I'm going to bait the kymura to get the sit-up sweep that kymura got to be a fresh plucked out of the wild kymura attempt and then when he goes and reacts to it or bites it pull my get the sit-up sweep same exact thing so yeah they got to the the set up move got a smell real got a smell real. that's how I like to keep on my moves smelling super real you seem same check all right next question does discipline ever fail you does discipline ever fail you no actually discipline does not fail me I fail discipline that's what happens on days where I wear off the path and on to the slippery slope of weakness it isn't disciplines fault it's my fault I'm the one that's being weak I'm the one that's not holding the line I'm the one that is deciding to take the short term gratification instead of a long term domination when laziness or e-p-send it's not it's not discipline that open the door it's me it's me rationalizing and explaining and justifying that laziness when I decide to take the easy path instead of the righteous path of discipline that is my decision that's all on me it's me deciding to cave to my weaknesses and become a slave to them and when I make that error when I let discipline down there's only one thing to do and that's get back on the path get back on it and then step it up and go harder and push more and pay for your transgressions cleanse yourself in the fire and the suffering of the discipline and get back on the path the hard unrelenting path of discipline that path that leads to freedom and I think that's all I've got for tonight so echo yes speaking of the path against weakness sure you know anyways it maybe you could help us down that path yeah first I will talk about our company origin okay what origin does a lot of stuff actually impressive stuff first thing they do maybe not the first thing but one of the many things they do is I guess technically it's origin labs right yeah so jocca some supplements jocca super krill oil and joint warfare from origin labs these supplements are for your joints and of course they are the best ones for your joints unless you made one that or not is not the best for your joints no we think you're one's had the best one right yeah yes indeed yeah someone tweeted at me I think that's the you tweet at someone okay that's the thing anyway so they're like hey I ran out of joint warfare big mistake yeah and it was kind of like just kind of expressing himself I mean I did it because I've done that too so you get on the the subscription deal yeah I think you did yeah lots of that's a the joint warfare in the krill oil like try it if you if you if you if you have any joint issues at all try it seriously try it it will help you yeah it will absolutely help you which is awesome yeah and part of that which I did mention I think maybe last time there's anti-inflammatory stuff in there too like natural stuff not like ibuprofen something like that like anti-inflammatory so so that helps a lot and you know I'm rarely like super impressed with I mean not like my standard just so high I'm just saying like I understand supplements are like there supplements cool I dig it kind of thing but this is one that I was like this is this is an important one 100% door and out just don't don't run out also discipline discipline is a what we are calling officially a pre-mission supplement so whatever your mission is physical mental emotional sure but there's a thing called emotional intelligence I don't have emotions so I can't yeah you can't talk about that one I don't know the effects good point put it this way I have never lost my temper I have never broke down and cried well the beautiful while I'm on the discipline there you go so the proof is in the pudding so it is an emotional enhancing situation as well but whatever your mission is there's some neutral pick stuff in there for cognitive enhancement and a little bit of caffeine if you're into caffeine a little bit micro dose as we call it you know that's a good one too don't run out also moke moke is moke I had some other day two scoops what is one serving one one scoop yeah one serving one scoop moke protein powder you know okay we'll we'll we'll say protein but you will definitely technically yeah it is right then you realize that technically what it really is is moke yeah you know what it is I'll tell you what you mix it with milk of course 100% yeah what do you mix it with water like a cycle probably try to water them no it's actually like I said the other day it's not bad with water it's not bad it's like satisfying it's a ham sandwich but it's not it's not in charge of milkshake style yeah yeah like like I'm cracking out dandy right when you was like music yeah you could live off it or you know I have no idea what you're saying like sure it's fine with the other one no you're talking about I don't forget what it's talking about I recommend yeah the milk and you know what else if you're let's say you're lactose intolerant I'm in milk no no problem all the milk is also awesome all the although they do make lactose free milk no which is very similar tasting to regular milk like surprisingly similar because I accidentally bought some before and I was drinking I was like oh the cool but I was like does this taste different like you know it's like a question it's not guaranteed it could have been me I maybe I brushed my teeth too soon before I drank the milk you know something like this foul nobody see it you can do certain things that affects your little taste buds or whatever it was like that it was like it was a question mark it wasn't like dang I bought the wrong milk like if you think you're drinking I don't know regular milk but then it's like soy milk or canned milk or powder milk that can be added because it wouldn't be in my house in the rest of us you know the difference that's the point you know the different lactose free milk and regular milk like the difference isn't that obvious in my opinion yeah yeah if you're lactose intolerant but more nonetheless technically it's protein powder you don't this is why you don't like to say protein powder yeah and we have right now we only have mint but we have we have peanut butter coming it's gonna be the one yeah check this is what I'm chocolate peanut butter by the way yeah okay and the mint isn't mint it's mint chocolate yeah so yeah so protein powder makes it sound what I'm saying before the protein powder makes it sound like oh it's just one of these many protein powders that are out there kind of thing that's the feeling yeah that's not the feeling you get when you drink it yeah it's a way different if it would have not been milk we would have called it protein powder yeah it was protein powder with the with the umo yeah yeah I thought that was like some Viking thing the way you're having it okay hard core heavy metal to heavy metal like when you go to this it's like this yeah and no it's your cold this one the first the first album that had it was blue it's your cold and then probably the most the most famous that has the disc motorhead and that's because the two fingers you know like rock on and I I Reese before I released this I researched it this how I know this and and lemme from motorheads quote as to why he used the emote was because he said it looks mean that's his quote that's always said yeah no big philosophical representation of like while they represent eyes there's no no there's a layer there's a layer there's a layer yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it doesn't look mean sounds cool to me lemme yeah and then now it's on the mok those layers that's layers so you've provided another layer it has been turned into layers and also you know you know how you say rock like I said well this is what I thought you know when you say rock on and you have the two fingers right point index finger and then you know in the pinky boom rock on if you were to I don't know why people don't say rock on any boy I don't know about I'm not in the scene so you know you do that motion and let's say you had some I don't know some chalk or something on your hand uh from doing deadlift or something like this and then you touch the wall boom you got your own luck right there that's what I thought it for real what that's interesting my name is echo you're gonna be the way to creative or your mind is wondering a little too much I think other people might have thought that too think about this okay my name is echo obviously it's my real name by the way I have a twin brother named Jade he's older by 15 minutes I'm the second twin right yeah follow so my first great teacher was she said oh yeah your name's echo that makes sense now because you're your brother's echo yeah seems seen now it's like dang that is man my parents are smart yeah no I thought that too yeah yeah so I go home and I asked and my mom was like wow no not at all I just thought it was cool same thing is lemme yeah same exact thing she thought it was mean no not mean just just cool and how should I say like you foric my mom was happy anyway back to the market still peanut butter chocolate not out yet but we'll be out soon look forward to that one big time also strangely are you is peanut butter chocolate your second favorite flavor um I don't know it's peats by the way it's right up there yeah yeah and it's mine by the way peats sent me like a text when he first got the peanut butter one and I can tell that he was real fired up yeah no he was he had a real strength he's like just mix this up you know it's like a little thing just mix this up only you know you see the thing leave the screen and then he slams it back down bro so that's a good signer yeah yeah I mean it's kind of a pain because then he has to take it and because he only give you one sample so then he fed x is like Fed x I'm like sending me the rest so it's in route you gotta break it up like um like in little bags so good you see yeah so be on the lookout for that if you care if you if you want some more be on the lookout for that also geese and rash cards that's what origin has again origin main dot com this stuff is all made in America by the way side note where's that even side note yeah that's the note straight up note note this all this made in prayer so geese and rash cards geese okay why is that relevant because we're talking about you just to you today everyone's still not everyone people still ask me weekly maybe even bi weekly what geese should I get point me in a direction of a good geese here there's all do it i'll do it right now origin geese whichever one you want whichever two you want whichever three yeah there's people i people that missed the original def ghee the discipline was freedom ghee yeah that says good after on the on the tail sure it's called the skirt i thought it's called the skirt the tail anyways the back of the the back of the ghee top on the bottom it says good after but they originally made those or we originally made those as a like you know kind of like a what's it but yeah yeah yeah no just uh what's that word like special only yeah special edition yeah special edition anyways but everyone liked them and so now they're part of the part of the line yeah and put a line up yeah good yeah i noticed the white one is available now and so is the black okay they're both up boom whatever color you want also another question people asked about the geese they're like hey what color should i get like is it crazy to get a green gear something like this right you know the two people ask you that still yeah sometimes yes people seem to come to you more for geese it's probably more of a fashion like thing that said they go to you maybe and well yeah well the origin geese looked up to by the way and that's not just because you mentioned fashion they do that's like one of the one of the what pizza got a little fashion street again yes he does you know like that actually no that's good that he does because you don't yeah i don't know if you compliment no fashion street my fashion street gives t-shirts yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah t-shirt in other words no fashion street nonetheless the colors of the geese are going to depend on your instructor or your academy true so these you know like if your academy allows whatever color geese want like victory does then you whatever color you want then you kind of go into this game with it the game which actually doesn't really exist really and that's like if you're a new guy and you show up with a pink geek or a crazy like you know those weird geese and a gold belt or something like how Jeff clevery so where that gold belt or was it friend you did that they bought it anyway bill cooper even if you do that then it's like hey you know but this more that's more of like social fabric kind of thing but if it comes onto the the the school so some rigid schools only white yeah some rigid schools and then the more traditional it's like white or blue that's it don't do a green don't do a black what you're cool in my opinion and then you get the schools where like I'm whatever and maybe this in between I never heard of any but maybe this in between so pointer as your instructor well color then boom get that color originmate dot com that's the deal also rash guards on there good rash guards by the way homemade America the sweats I always say are the most comfortable sweats I've ever had and used still on that still is held up I did a little competition time prompt to yeah the joggers this past week and still yeah holds up and have some comfortable sweats I know about comfort they do not stranger to comfort you know where good that originmate dot com good spot also if you want to vary up your workout and get new workout equipment go to on it dot com slash jockel get yourself some kettlebells the artistic kettlebells a calm artistic kettlebells but I don't think there's the word artistic on the whole website by the way so it's like primal bells that's like the you know the monkey groups grilla's orangutan you know those things they're artistic kettlebells and there's like zombie bells and where Wilson whatnot anyway I say get those they're the dopest but there's some other good stuff maces and battle ropes and whatnot if you want to vary up the workout yeah it's a good not a good info too on there so you know if you ask me about what to do with kettlebells when you're first starting out like how much you should use or how much weight you should use and what movements I'm not the resource I'm not that versed in it I know two movements three maybe four altogether but there's a bunch going on it dot com slash jockel that's a spot good spot get something also when you are purchasing any of the books that jocquer reviews or even extreme ownership or way to work it or whatever whatever book I organized them all on jockel podcast dot com books from the episodes actually jockels books around the front page but for the books they review on the podcast books from episodes boom they're all right there click through there when you buy those books good way to support and you know carry on do you shopping and we'll take it out on by the way but yeah get your books through there it's a good way to support also subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already on stitch your iTunes google play now there's a lot of podcasts apps out there whatever app you're using for your podcast subscribe good way to support leave review if you're in the mood that's what I say jockel says you know if you're not in the mood to it anyway you know because you're not always going to be in the mood you know that whole nature but whatever to me that's up to you leave review that's cool they're funny to read thank you for yes they're for a lot of layers and a lot of that so yeah I like to you creative later layers in the reviews yeah I I feel like the people have gotten a very strong hold in understanding of the concept of layers and they've been a different way to the Amazon reviews for stuff yeah yes so leave to that on big time also on youtube subscribe if you haven't already the video version of this podcast along with excerpts little I don't know to anywhere from two to eight minutes excerpts and some enhanced excerpts on there as well but some music on there make them fun or we'll say to watch on youtube maybe some outtakes everyone's in a great while anyway there's a if you're interested in the video situation subscribe to youtube it's a good way to support also jocco as a store it's called jocco store this is where you can get all your jocco gear like discipline equals freedom shirts and hoodies rash guards some women stuff on there tank tops how do we feel about tank tops I feel great in general good right yeah yeah are you gonna make some I think so cool do it yeah have them for summertime yeah let's go rock and roll I feel like I haven't worn a tank top for like probably since like a college time but I mean yeah that's not a family work but I'm just seeing it's far as like what I did today think about it's hot so nice to have a tank top on yeah yeah I did get angry so yeah so tank tops yeah be on look I always find it not strange but I always don't want to say be on the lookout for that like it's this big thing you gotta be on the lookout but kind you know if you're down for the tank tops hey be on the lookout for it I guess right sure then let's jocco store dot com and get some patches I got some warrior kid patches I got this will those should be on there right now actually for the warrior kids and the geese and the geese the backpack wherever you want to put down you don't represent where your kids also other patches on there too discipline equals freedom what not also psychological warfare if you didn't know what that is it's an album with tracks jocco tracks that help you through every moment of weakness that you might come across can not because apparently not all of us go through moments of weakness it's rare but some people they just power through for those types of people psychological warfare not for them I think I think they just power through and continue powering through maybe even teach us how to just power through but for the rest of us hit moments of weakness we listen to psychological warfare given what the weakness is so if my weakness is hitting the snooze and not getting up early there's a track for that it's jocco on that track talking to you telling you why you should get up not yelling he's playing the game quote unquote actually he's not technically playing the game on a track he's just flanking it's not a no yeah just explain pragmatically like why the value you could say that it is a little bit of a flank going on because it's getting everyone that listens to like it hits the spot right yes it nails the target yeah of why because I know where the weakness comes from it happens to me yeah and so I just talk about how you just over that thing yeah ha ha because technically the very reason or by the very nature of you wanting to stay in bed that's by it's very nature a reinforced position because you're rationalizing in your head you're defending your actions or your potential actions you're defending that already in your own head so you're going to jocco on the jocco track you don't attack those things you just come around and say hey hey I take it you know the bed is I dig it you know all this stuff you fight it's good and there's a track for all these little weaknesses good 100% effectiveness by the way get it on iTunes or wherever wherever you can buy MP3 it's on like Amazon music whatnot as well yeah well speaking of Amazon if you want to get something called jocco white tea you can get that on Amazon you should only get it if you want to have an 8,000 pound dead lift because that's what it results in otherwise drink some other tea you now this is cool we have jocco white tea in a can coming out in June on Amazon get some obviously the goal is to eventually get them out at retail so you can have that option everywhere you go instead of drinking the junk energy drinks that are bad for you so yeah I'll let y'all know when it hits Amazon it's been made by the way if you're wondering a ton of it a bunch of it way more than a ton actually a lot of it has been made because I think well I know I want it so it worst case scenario I have a lifetime supply of jocco white tea in a can and you know I don't know what is well there's a little debate you know what you call it you know wait what you call what the jocco white tea because I was kind of thinking well there's another name we could give it we could call it 8,000 pound dead lift and it can sure yes but no we're still calling it jocco white tea in books way the warrior kid tons the series right there's two books out right now and so much awesome feedback on that it's awesome thanks for posting pictures of your kids studying reading doing book reports training jiu jitsu working out it's awesome to say thank you and if you have kids or you no kids get them on that same path if you want to support a warrior kid go to irishokes ranch.com and get some soap made by the warrior kid aiden because you know you need to see soap if you are going to stay clean don't forget about the discipline you could free them field manual same thing awesome feedback you ever heard the saying an apple a day keeps the doctor away yes not really read one section of the field manual a day I know it doesn't rhyme but it actually works it doesn't it'll keep you on track physically and mentally and if you want to speak of tracks you want to listen to it there's no audio audible version of it because we wanted to have an album with tracks you can get it on amazon news at google play iTunes other MP3 platforms the discipline equals field the discipline equals freedom field manual meditate on that all right also for leadership extreme ownership combat leadership how is this book still a best seller after two and a half years that's the question and lathe was telling a guy the other day on twitter he's like it's the same thing as when we first started working together and i talked about something and how to do something and he'd be like yeah it works and that's why the book is still selling because it works and and right now speaking of it works you can order the follow on book to extreme ownership it's called the dichotomy of leadership the manuscript is done it is now going through the pentagon review process and i'm telling you lathe and i are both super stoked on the information that's in it the stories that are in it the word that's in it where amazon barns noble your local book store and if you do that it lets our publisher know how many different because otherwise they don't know and you know if they're trying to do save your money so i'm not going to put enough and then you'll be all bummed because you can get a copy when it comes out September 25th and if you need close air support for the leadership at your team contact us on front it's my leadership in consulting company me latefab in jpg dennell day of work the website is ashalan front dot com we solve problems through leadership there you go just that's what we do just i've been working with a lot of companies last last well for a while but i just went through a bunch of meetings and it's like yeah you look at all these problems that they have they're all leadership problems and that's how we sell problems through leadership of course if you want to come to the master then it's our leadership seminar the one in dc sold out sorry i'm telling you they sell out they've all sold out so far so if you want the opportunity to come to a master there's only one more in 2018 it is the master zero zero six in san francisco california october 17th and 18th register at extreme ownership dot com before it sells out and we have to say no that does not feel good but there's fire codes and we have firefighters there so we can't just pack people in also for current military law enforcement firefighters paramedics and other first responders were holding the role call number one September 21st in dallas taxes it's a one day leadership training seminar specific to dynamic and hostile environments that military law enforcement firefighters paramedics first responders have to work in you can also register for that at extreme ownership dot com and until the master or role call or the immersion camp up in main we'll see it one of those but until then if you want to ask us questions or you want to give us answers you can find us on the in a web's echo is at echo Charles and i am at jaco willink into all the military personnel in uniform out there worldwide keeping evil on lock down thank you for what you do thanks to the police law enforcement firefighters paramedics and all first responders for staying prepared and staying vigilant and staying ready to answer the call to keep us safe here on the home front and to everyone else out there with us trying to stay on the path of discipline instead of walking down the slippery slope of despair stay focused stay strong stay discipline and keep getting after it until next time this is echo and jaco out