 This is Jockel Podcast number 137 with echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening, echo. Good evening. If you know the way broadly, you will see it in all things. And that is a simplified quote from Musashi's book of five rings. And it's a solid quote, make sense. I believe it to be true. But at the same time, while I agree with Musashi, that if you know the way broadly, you'll see it in all things. There's a little bit of a problem with that concept. And the problem is, how do you get to know the way broadly? I mean, the way is no easy thing to grasp. Do you aren't born with it? You don't just wake up with it. It's something that you have to learn. And it's something that you are always still learning. But even though you have to learn the way at the same time, learning the way is hard because the way is something that's hard to teach. And recently I've been asked a couple different people and a couple different scenarios. How I learned what I learned. And this is believe me, no claim that I know what ton of stuff I don't. As I just said, I am still learning. But I will say that I do know the way broadly enough that I now see it everywhere and and everything. So how did I learn the way? Well, it's kind of interesting because it's a combination of actually it's more of a collision of a bunch of different things. Of course, my time in the sealed teams. And I do trace a lot of it back to the sealed puttune where we had a little mute knee. We had a bad boss and we ended up turning against him and he got fired and replaced by the best boss. And the just a position and the contrast between really good leadership and really bad leadership made it very clear. But it wasn't just that. Of course, I had other great guys that I worked with in the sealed teams that taught me a ton, a great instructor cadre that put me through training the top me a ton. And you know, I realize I always paid close attention to leadership and tactics and I think that's probably because I saw something that I might be able to get good at since there was a lot of things that I wasn't naturally good. I wasn't naturally the strongest. I wasn't naturally the fastest. I wasn't naturally the best shot. So I kind of paid attention to leadership and I paid attention to who did it well and who didn't and I paid attention to tactics. And I paid attention to what worked and what didn't from a tactical perspective. And I read. Now I'll tell you right now I did not read a lot by any stretch, especially compared to how much I read right now. But I read some important books that had a big impact on me. And of course, they were only books about war. And in those books about war, the things that I actually paid attention to wasn't like the, wasn't the, the political situation that was going on. I paid attention to the leadership. I paid attention to the tactics. I paid attention to the human nature of how men reacted to war. And so some of those books and again, it wasn't a lot about face with the old breed battle leadership. The last hundred yards, some very straightforward books and books that I covered early on this podcast. And of course, on top of that, I got lucky with my deployments overseas and I got to experience war from a leadership perspective. And I started to see how things overlap and intertwined. And one of the things that really helped me see the connections between leadership and tactics and human nature and life in general was. I talk about gingitua lot. Obviously, we talk about gingitua lot. Giu-jitsu is a simple straightforward practical representation of the way. If you think about what it wants you to do, hasn't it right? It has offense. It has defense. It has flanking. It has conservation of energy. It has deception. It has attack. It has concentration of effort. It has position improving your position. It has maneuvering. It has placing baits and using faints and always keeping your base and keeping your balance all at the same time trying to upset your opponents. Now, everything I just said, you could use that for combat, for tactical situations. You could also use it in business. You could use it in interactions with other human beings as you maneuver through human nature and how it you interact with it. And there's psychological elements inside of gingitua as well that are reflected humility. You're gonna get humbled by gingitua. And at the same time, dichotomy, you're gonna gain confidence. You're gonna know the truth. You're gonna know where you actually stand. You know, it's not. You're gonna get a belt. But that belt, it only represents, it only, it doesn't fully represent the reality of the situation. Reality of the situation is the truth and in gingitua you know the truth. You're gonna be vulnerable. You're gonna be psychologically, you're gonna learn about tenacity. You're gonna have to have grit. You're gonna have to have durability. You're gonna have stability. And as I trained you to and I garnered a better understanding of gingitua, I started to have a better understanding of the way. And as I learned the way on the mats, the way revealed itself and combat, it revealed itself in leadership in human nature and in life. Because as you, and I talk about this as well, as you understand things from different angles, right? So when you learn the way in different disciplines, you start to see it from different angles and eventually, I came to understand the way broadly. And now I do see it in everything. And this is another thing. The more I see it in everything, the more I see it in everything. So understanding the way, like I said, a lot of it had to do with this thread. And I talked about it when we talked about judo. I talked about how, to judo is the thing that started. I started to see a connective thread between these, between these different disciplines. And a lot of it, my understanding of judo helped me in every other aspect. And a lot of my, in fact, the vast majority of my understanding of judo comes from one person. And the person I was lucky enough to learn from is a pioneer of the sport. And also, by many people, to be one of the greatest grapplers ever. A, he's a practitioner that actually revolutionized the sport of judo and grappling. And his influence is still evident today. And he's a champion, multiple times over. Also a mixed martial arts fighter who has faced some of the best in the world and some of the biggest arenas in that sport. And he's been close friend of mine that whole time through many ups and downs through victories and defeats through struggles of life on and off the map. Master of judo and more important a friend of mine, my brother Dean Lister, who is now finally coming on the show Dean. The show. Jacques Gaul. Great to be able to thank you for the invite. Yeah, man. Let's start at the beginning. And I was thinking about, I know a little bit about your beginning. And, but I actually didn't realize that I know that you were raised somewhat in Panama. But where were you actually born born in Camp Pendleton, O'Sha side here in San Diego, because your dad was in the Marines, right? So I'm a native of San Diego. But two years ago, I went to Venezuela, two years in Panama. And my whole life had been around the world traveling, learning the world. It was a very important study. How old were you when you moved to Venezuela? I was in third grade. So, eight, nine years ago. Did you go right into Spanish speaking school? Well, they had English hands Spanish. I didn't speak Spanish. That was actually a problem for me. And I actually learned Spanish fluently when I lived in Panama. It was in junior high. And that was a course during the year. Did you go to a Spanish school? Spanish speaking school? Or did you just learn it out in the streets? I learned best from, let's say, free rolling. It's a thing. Saying something, you do it wrong. You actually learn how to speak better. So I've actually been dropped off in countries and learned languages that way. It's the best way actually. So you have no choice immersion, immersion, exactly. And Panama, it was a deodorant to part of different school. And that, if I could use my junior high as a hospital, I would feel lost, but I'll turn to Panama invasion. And that's where I actually learned Spanish. It's a rival Spanish when I was a little kid. But Panama. What year did you live in Panama? $89, 88. So I was a seventh and eighth grade around that time. I think December of December of 18th or 20th again. And you were like, in it, it was happening around you. What happened was Fort Amador, which actually means Fort Lover in Spanish. It's a Navy base. It's not a very big base. But it's the only base in Panama that was trying to make a joint effort to have half penny meaning. Imagine, I was in the middle of about maybe 80 yards from where my house was down a hill. About 40 guys got massacred there. They were a front gate that the base. Some PDF that put in the funds forces, police military, same thing down there. They tried to run a marine roadblock in a bus. That's not going to work out good for that. The marine set 50 cowl just, and the bus, granted to a halt. Basically, didn't make it. So yeah, what did they do with the families during that time? Well, like what did you, I mean, you're dad. I have to work. He was at Cory Heights, which was the main headquarters. So he was basically underground. This big rock. And he could not tell us. So he knew, but there's no way it was like top secret, whatever, compartmentalized, whatever you would say as far as he couldn't, that is no. And they didn't send you out of the country. It happened real fast. Yeah. Because they killed the marine lieutenant. I believe for them was lieutenant Paz. And that was maybe, yeah, that was not the reason. That was the straw, the bolt of that broke the camel's back for sure. And sent in our forces. That caused me some problems though, and school, because most of the kids were pantomini kids. They were, they called them zonies. Their parents worked on the Panama Canal. And so they were pretty well off of it. I got my deities at school down there. And because of that, everyone from Panama had an uncoller cousin who died. And so they see me. I looked by the way, I was a goofy little kid. Not sent out wasn't tough. I was just goofy. So didn't speak Spanish. I was goofy. My social skills were a little bit awkward. They are to this day actually. And that recipe for disaster. So that's like, where is Grani? I was always tough, scrawny, but I wasn't, I didn't get big until it was like 16, 17. Yeah. Started growing real fast. Yeah. And so you were getting scraps down there. Basically. Right. Because you were a Gringo. Oh, I can go. You called this Yankee down there. Gringo didn't exist. Oh, okay. Yankee. Every word is Yankee, go home. It was everywhere. Yankee. And then this spot wrong. And then this was a good one. And Yankee was Y-A-N-Q-U-I. So I like Spanish. So the school was on base. No. No, obviously it was on base. It was on base. You take a bus. Matter of fact, it was really stupid. They actually had a failed coup. I think two weeks before the invasion. One of Norway's, Manwano-Norriga's top guys. Generals. Successfully took them down. And the loyalists, too, to Norway, came to his rescue in the General Surrended. But that day, the country was on high alert. And we're going home on the bus back to get dropped off to my base and other bases. And the penny-meaning, PDF penny-meaning defense forces, guys, where the machine gun nest. Just, and I'm telling all these high school kids. I knew enough, just shut up. They opened the window and started tawning these guys. And these guys had. And they were like, who the heck? And then the guy who was there, who was the one who had arrived. And they were like, look, and I'm, man. They didn't shoot us. But that was, I don't think you said, when you're young, you do stupid things. You're such a pretty son. Yeah, so, I was right there. It was, um, it was a crazy time. It was good though. I'm actually glad. And this is, oh, I was Tees Djokko. Which is, I don't think he appreciates it. But I was like, Djokko, I saw war before you. You. Technically, it's true. It was like, yeah, whatever. So I've seen one tenth of one percent or whatever. But you, what? 10 years old? I was 13 or so. Okay, that's actually, you actually had more of an understanding. If you were a little bit younger, you might not really get it. Yeah, but you got enough understanding to realize that you were an injuring stuff. Yeah, so for 25 hours, we were all alone, pitch dark. Basically, I was just on the ground for three days. And my mom filled the bathtub with water. And I thought I was going to die. Really, you know, 12 years old, give me a lot. But that changed my life actually. Just to have that experience. It was actually a good thing. One base that was secured by it was on US forces. It was becoming secured. It was the only base in Panama that was half-penamining across the street down the hill was the penamine officers. So it was a joint effort. In my situation, most of US kids, or like Howard, they were in Rodman, they were over this hill. They heard gunshots and, you know, concussions, whatever, but they didn't see anything. Right. Might have seen a few tracers. But yeah, I was right in the middle of the hill. They were out of the hill. They were out of the hill. Like we are atop the hill. So a few things chipped atop of our roof. And for sure, if you walk by a window, it's somehow could show you. So we didn't do that, of course. And we just drank out of bathtub. And we just knew in your mom and your sister, my mom. And that was at work. But that was, it was work. Yeah, that was it. He must have freaked out. Our neighbor, we had giant yards between these houses. And ice houses actually. And the neighbor, she was all by herself. So it was just, okay, it's she ran over across this, I say, 100 yards. The yards were really wide. And she's knocking our doors, she came inside, she ate, we had a fourth. It was young lady. To me, it was an old lady. She was about 25. Yeah. To me, that was an old lady. She never seen her life. She came. Did your dad leave any weapons at the house? Damn. I've been like that. I would have dropped up and go get some. Not really, but yeah, my dad was just a sudden thing. It was a short notice. And he was, yeah. But happened around 11, before midnight, 11.35 or something. I thought it was fire crackers first. And then just shaking and flashes everywhere, just chaotic. And then did you finish out that school year? So that goes down in December. It was got quite well pretty quickly. Yeah, let's say three days of two days of intense. First day was the most second was serious. Third was okay. And the next week was just like a mop up operations. So still for 10 days, it was dangerous. But the first, one of my teachers from my junior high got killed and was just out in the street the wrong time. He was living in town, actually. That's why he's in the wrong place, wrong time. I don't know how, yeah, he got shot. I don't know, I'm not sure by who, but wrong place for a long time. So yeah, right in the middle of it. Yeah. We used to go down to Panama to do jungle training. Yeah. It was awesome. But it was after I mean, this is in the 90s. So, but we went in and we looked around trying to find where some of these battles took place. And it was interesting. So then when you, you see, did you finish out that school year? Halfway through. We moved to a San Diego. Okay. Ty's called down here. And then you went down. Now, did you or down there? Did you start getting interested in martial arts when you were getting picked on? I was doing karate karate. Now, I did wrestling for one year when I was eight years old. My dad made me do it. And I didn't like it at the time. But I'm really glad he made me do it because that helped me a lot in fights. It's a weird, it's a weird thing with kids. Like you know that it's good that he made you do it. But if he made you do it even more, I might be just a hateful. I'd be like, I'm not doing the wrestling. High school, I wanted to wrestle. So, that's good. So then we got to San Diego and now, and you also played football. Yes. Were you better at football or were you better at wrestling? I was a good takler. I was one of the top one or two best taklers, not the fastest guy. I was fast in average. But yeah, really, my body's not made for sprinting. It's made for grabbing people. Did you start? Did you, you are a mutant? Did you start? Did you start? Did you start? What grade was it that you wrestled in for one year? Was that like six grade or something? You started your third grade. So third grade? So now you're freshman year and high school is the first year. You actually started wrestling. Freshman, I skipped 10th grade because I wanted to focus on weights and football. The steak, but it's okay. Then 11th and 12th grade are wrestled. I was varsity 11 and 12. I was a soldier. Did that well without that much experience? I don't know why, but for me, well, I do know why. Because you just joked about being like mutant grappler. But you actually literally have like you were designed to grapple. I'm serious man. So yeah. So that's proof right there. Is that you wrestled once when you were eight years old and then you wrestled in freshman year. I mean, there's kids of yours. There's kids that wrestled their whole lives in there. And that you're wrestling against. Yes. And how did you do? I was just reading like to say, South Bay Regional Champion, I took third in county. I wasn't that good until 1920 for some reason. This submission art, Sombo and Jiu Jitsu. There was guys who beat me in high school where you said 19, 20, 19, 20, 20. 19 or 20. Okay, go around that time. I got athletic and coordinated. I was kind of clumsy. I was 17. So there was kids that beat me. One guy beat me almost tech fault me, which means almost got 15 to two. I mean, whatever. He's from my localized school and I faced him in an tournament after I school and I pinned him in 30 seconds. So I don't know why. So you were like a late, late bloomer. And also you have this natural gift that you hadn't started to hone yet. And once you started to hone it, it just started to make sense. It was the submission that got me really interested. Okay. So where did that lead for? I don't know why. I'm a sample. Your introduction was avoided. So yeah, Sambos, for those of you who don't know, it's a Russian grappling style. I would roughly compare it maybe in the middle of judo and judo because they stress a little more wrestling than judo and a little more submissions. It's in the middle. Yeah. So I'd say it's sort of like in the middle of wrestling judo and judo. Like you put all three of them together. It's like a collage. Because you wear a jacket. Jacket shorts. But you wear shorts. And shoes. Yeah. Which is literally a combination of everything. You go for foot locks, where's the judo you can't go for foot locks. You can go for a single leg double leg, where in judo you can't do that. So yeah. Where'd you hear about Sambos? My was my offseason coach named Jermatzimoto down at my high school, Hilltop high school in Chulavista here in San Diego. And the offseason he was teaching this thing across Sambos. This is right before you have seen one. So what's that stuff with the jacket? What's this? Oh, this is a submission. What is a submission? It was like 17. Oh, you can get your arm broken. I'm like, and I told myself, and this is something that this one, the not few several things, jocquim myself, share. We haven't common. I told myself at age 17, even though I was uncorneated, I said that's scary. And now I have to do it. I gotta do it now. If I don't do it now, I'll show myself. So I did it for some reason. Guys that could beat me in Greco or freestyle, I could submit them. I don't know why. I have no idea why, but it was making sense for me. And then I wanted to jiu-su at Fabio Sambos. And you say like you were naturally good at Sambos and you were like the national champion. Two times in a national champion in Sambos, right? Yeah, it's amateur. At that time, it wasn't really super popular, but that prepared me. And the American rules of Sambos, because the athletic commissioner, the union, was no twisting submissions, no chokes, so straight, full lock, straight, and lock and straight arm lock. So you get good those three, some of the three submissions? That's then yes, because there was for the days where they thought, oh, like Steve and Sambos grabbed your neck and breaks it, you know, you'll die. Oh, you get choked you die, yeah. Like, by the way, that ruins warm movies. When I see the guy sneak at me behind the, I don't know, the machine got in that chokes him and guys that done for the movie. And my key's going to wake up in 10 seconds and shoot you. So kind of, I have to kind of separate myself at the moment, but yeah, at that time, right at the time, you always see one, two, peel off off. So it's important for people to know that there's a key element here in Sambos. That the foot lock, the straight foot lock and the knee, the straight knee lock was the two of the three submissions you were allowed to do. Roger. And you were good at them. When I studied, Higgs would tell you this, oh, and I'm good for this Jeff Higgs. I came in there and I actually was submitting guys. And, but they didn't like that because I was, I was the Sambos kid. That's right. That's how you get the Sambos kid for the while. Yeah, for a while. I used to get people and bear hugs from the guard and make them tap. I was like, oh, it's a little fast. I just cry. I made up. Well, I don't think he's listening, but if he is, forgive me, but his name was John. It's like, this isn't Coach for Fabio. And it was Bluewell for Stripes. I came in. I got him in Full Guard, Bear hug. He tapped. He screamed and then he went, he was crying. Deep in butt, my back for the guard. That's all I knew. So, well, only to pass. Again, you have some, you have some mutated structure that is meant more for grappling than anything. It's very odd. And, and, and, and, and I remember you, you told me you would like armlocked people. In there, you, you'd be in there. Oh, yeah. Yeah, they'd reach for under a lock bar and they'd post it. They'd take me like, they said, I didn't know you could armlock somewhere from the guard and I'm like, well, they arms there. And they're like, well, I was taught that's wrong. And, well, eventually I learned that that's not the best way to do it. Yeah. And so then it was at UFC one where you said, oh, do you? Did you? What's going on with that? Yeah, because that was the time when chokeholds were like lethal. Like you're going to die. Well, you realize not really the guy, you know, the second UFC, no one died. The third UFC, chokeholds actually work. And nowadays people can sometimes say, oh, G2 is not the most, it's really, it's a base. It's a prerequisite. You have to have the team to be competitive. Right. So, yeah, it's very effective. Very effective. And of course, the sport has evolved technically over the years. If you look at technology and technique, kind of similar because they develop over time, the technique of boxing now is different than the 80s. And that's different from the 50s football looks different now than back the G2 is the same thing. Right. All kinds of things happen right now that no one even envisioned back in 1995. And it compounds faster, right? Like if you watch out fast technologies, gotten has improved. If you watch the G2 curve, it's like the new moves. Back when we started, there'd be like a new move. It would be blocked. Yes, it would be like, oh my god, this is crazy that this could someone came up with something. And now there's some blue belt tonight came up with like a sick variation of a move. And that's just the way it works. So it's like everyone's better. I started eight months, I don't know, maybe maybe six months before you. So you for sure had already joined it this time. But the U1 plot was a brand new move. And if someone did that at the tournament, I was like, oh, look, he's doing a brand new move. And then we'd look at take the VHS, camcorders and look at it. And it was like, that was like the Baron Bowler. Now it's like a lot of course. So what was it? So was it, did you have to see that when you watched the UFU, like, I had to find the G2 gym and you all had to be yellow pages or whatever? No, no, it was about yellow pages. I don't remember. Fabio used to have Fabio had an ad in the San Diego. That's that's like, he was like this. That's where I remember the Fabio Santos had in the San Diego. I remember seeing that. But it was Higgs that brought me down because Higgs had been training there for a while. So you, you, I mean, you were good fast. Right? Sometimes I'll think, man, we're leaving faltering here. Nothing's happening. And then next month I realized I'm twice as good as I was. Yeah. And I'll go, what happened? And then I feel like I'm losing ground. I think that's because you're learning. Sometimes you learn a little bit. But because it's something new, you might be better. You actually go down in the formance. Yeah. Because you don't have that down yet. Yeah. And then of course you get it down at a higher level of technique now you're up to here. I explain that to business. I'm a down. Like businesses want to implement a new process. And I'm like, you have to tell the people that out of the gate, you're going to get less efficient with you implementing a new process. You're going to get less efficient. Then once you master the new process, you'll get more efficient. It's the same thing when you get to you start implementing a new move. You're going to get worse. And then once you master the move where you get good at the move, then you'll start getting better again. Did we just go real fast? Yeah. I'm going to, I'm going to lend to you an analogy for that. That's very simple. I heard nowadays, Kurt, it kids don't even learn cursive now. I heard that. I don't know. But you're going to printing. If you're writing your name, you put glitter out of it. You give it to your mom, put some of the fridge. It's a little kid writing. But after a few years, you're writing your name and you could write. And say, we're going to an cursive now. Well, your cursive looks way more jacked up than you're printing. But it's a more advanced form of writing. So you get that down. And then back then, by the way, there was no typing in high school. That was June, it was college. And college learned typing. Initially, you're just like, you're slower than you would write. But eventually, you're going to aren't typing. So you're performance decliners. And so you get the more advanced thing down in your head. And I'll also send you can type 50 words, 60 words a minute. And there's more advanced, more efficient way of typing or writing. So that's a good way. I express that idea to people who may not be a business that's simple way like that. Excess. That's why it does make sense. I'm trying to think. So analogy. So we, you and I, I don't know why, but you and I immediately started training together like super hard all the time. You were one of the guys, like I mentioned, if I say, that's kind of scary. Oh, I got to do it. Also, if I say, it would suck to be mounted. I'll all purpose start mounted. And if we roll it around, most people, Jaco is one of the few guys that if we roll it around and I have a good position on him, he will insist. We start and I'll argue just actually like, no, put your arm back where it was, because I actually want to have it reset, what's harder for me. So if I go out of bounds, that's why. And the first time I saw your Higgs, he's like, I have a friend named Jaco, man. He gets it buffed. He's just kinda like, man, you'll see me, you'll just know. And I'm like, okay. So I knew you were coming in and you walked in and you were like, Roger, yeah. And first day you got, you got our locked in. And no motion, just sit like that. Terrence walking and just. That's like, it's pretty hardcore, you know. Yeah. Yeah. But you were training hard. You were training hard too. Yeah. I remember, I just remember to almost immediately, I was training with you a lot. Maybe it's because we were, I don't know. We would spend three hours after Saturday talking on the mad about things and techniques. Like literally two hours of open math, three hours of more technique every Saturday. Of course. Sometimes we're different back then. Yeah. But I was going crazy thinking about the fact. And there's, so I don't know if this is, you guys can tell me if this is insecurity or what. But I like, Higgs came to my house and Higgs was now, Higgs had just got his purple belt and he came to my house and he called me and he said, okay, you want to train? He took you all the train. And I was like, yeah. That's a good one. Yeah. And you know, I was bigger than Higgs and he was long and his legs go up to like his sternum. So his legs, he's like a reason to even too. And triangle. Yeah. And so he came over and we went in the grass across the street for a house. It was just work. And over. And I was like, and so again, you tell me if this is insecurity, but I was like, I never want to have another man be able to impose his will on me like that. That is not the way that's how to hold my way to look at things. So by the time, so I literally went down to Fabio's the next day and signed up and he's like, you want to try a class and I was like, no, I just want to sign up unlimited classes 125 bucks a month here. Take my money, train. And I remember, I remember you couldn't go immediately into the advanced class. You had to just take the beginners class. And I don't know if I talked to him or I told him like, hey, I can't get her into later sometimes. Can I just, there we go. And he was pretty cool, you know, he just said, yeah. And then, and so those times where, you know, I just wanted to learn as much as I possibly possibly possibly could because I didn't want to be at the disposal of some other human beings will. Yeah. It's an awful feeling. There are some people that don't like that feeling until they avoid it completely. Yeah. That's actually the more common. That's the more common reaction. The more common reaction is, oh, I don't like that situation. Because I get dominated and I have to submit to another man or woman, by the way. I have to submit to this other man or woman. And I hate that. So I'm just never going to get in this situation. The problem is, as we know in life, you can't always avoid those situations. And those situations can present themselves and you can't do anything about it. So, so you and I just started training like maniacs. Yeah. Absolutely. The thing I was thinking about for some reason, even in the beginning, we didn't know ghee. We would take our geese off some times. Which we would get you all that sometimes. Yeah. And for me, luckily, I would teach guys in the teams and I would always wear no ghee. I would just always wear a t-shirt and candy pants. That was like the standard y'all said, if you want to train, yeah, t-shirt and candy pants barefoot. And so I was almost immediately training no ghee because I was training at the team and I would be training guys even though we weren't highly skilled. But I was at least understanding that there were some new ones differences because I didn't have the rustling background that you had. Yeah. That's good because, you know, if you rely upon the uniform only and that's only how you train, no need to farm how you're going to be. Yeah. Yeah. So then the other big thing here is, I mean, we were competing a lot back then. Yeah. I mean, a lot and those old school jujitsu tournaments were freaking awesome back in the day. They were, they were super, they were crazy. They were crazy to come back in the day. That Armenian guy. And there was a riot. Oh, it was, it was crazy. It was 500 resilience and like 20 are meaning guys. And by the way, my coach, he had a thing with that coach and I'm not going to say what he said, but it wasn't very nice. The guy actually took me down to zero and had me in a full like almost broke my foot. But I escaped and I want 18 to two. The guy was tough, but I beat him and Fabius coach and me. He's coaching me. And of course, the other coaches in Armenian, Saint's, I don't speak Armenian. But for some reason, that guy is not a professional jujitsu guy. More like a judo, sombo, whatever, variant. And right afterwards. Yeah. And because of that, there was a riot. And the jujitsu. Yeah. Jujitsu. And it was because of my match. Hundreds of people chanting jujitsu. And the judo, the Armenian guys were, but they were acts, they were great dudes. Yeah. And like it was like the caraparizin crew, it was all those guys. They were wicked hard fighters. They were tough as hell. And they were, and they were connected to judo, Jean LeBelle. Yes, too. Right. Right. But I had respect. Yeah, there was respect. I think the disrespect came more from the Brazilians side. And well, I mean, we were certainly associated with the Brazilians. Because we had a Brazilians go to a Brazilians jitsu. But yeah, there were some, there were some mayhem. But the guy car is in caro. Yeah. And actually he's like a mathematician now. Yeah. I'm not going to fight anymore. I'm a doctorate. You know, it's, you know, you find some strange people in the sport. I mean, in a good way. Like I, he broke two people's feet. This is back in the day when they let, it was, it was, it was disrespectful to, to tap to a footlock. Less, you know, like, oh, you can't tap to that. You know, those don't form that technique. You know, that's not technically shouldn't tap to that. So guys, we just get their foot broken by these, you know, because again, look at judo Jean, Jean the Bell, I mean, his, his repertoire of, super strong of, of submissions is for you to raise it and brutal. And so all those guys were coming in with that whole game, plus they're whatever, some bow background they had. And there were some good, good competition. And it was total mayhem. But so I was thinking like the Machado invitation, which I think you won that like four or five times you were the champion. Yeah. The Gracian National, you won that a bunch of times. Yeah, you were the right. Yeah. The grapplers quest back today. That's still going, too. Yes. Grapplers quest. Remember the grappling games? The neutral ground. That's the last one I had. The last one I had was neutral ground. That was neutral ground. That was in the hood. It was in the hood. It was in the hood. Bell, yeah. And, and the cage, someone didn't finish the, the fence fair correctly. It cut you. The fence, it was. It was in the back. It was in the back. It was in the back. It was in the back. It was in the back. And the back yard. And there's like 200 guys who are just like, good. Yeah. Y'all ain't, no one's throwing anything. But almost. Oh, so like, it made me start like environment. But not punches that day. And those recoil triggers was there. Yes. I did. Yeah. I went against recoil round Regus. Yeah. I lost. You, didn't you go against, well, him as well. Yeah. Well, let's see. I'm like, yeah, I had two matches. Higgs also, we both won. He'd been a Higgs and a guy. He was a B. Yeah, he was like a beast. He was, he was one of that. That wasn't incredible match because Higgs was kind of getting, you know, Higgs was a lot smaller than him. Well, maybe not a lot, but he was 30 or 40 pounds smaller than him. Higgs has a little bit of, he's, he's, uh, very confident, but he's a little more reserved. Yeah. And Bowie's a little more, physically intimidating looking. Yeah. He just, yeah. And he just, and they went at it and then Higgs got him in a triangle. Trying arm on. Yeah. That was nice. And who, yeah, you, did you have a guy that like wouldn't give up? Was that you? Oh, no, that was Carl the same guy against recoil. And he just went on conscious. But not just unconscious where you wake up, like 30 seconds later, unconscious. And not just, from a grappling match. His coach is like, oh, he's fine. He's okay. He's like, oh, he's fine. He's like, he's not moving. And I'm like, I think I see his chest moving also. Like, he's not dead. I'm like, are you sure? I don't know. He's fine. He's trying to pick him. The guy's like a limp. Yeah. That's so tough. Then tapped that head arm. But match was over. Yeah. He had him at head and arm for like two minutes. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. That was when we go Rodriguez. Way to 300 pounds. Yes. 300 pounds. Yes. 300 pounds. I was 170. Yeah, I used to 170. I faced him. I got to his back four times and he finally got me. There's no joke. He didn't get me in the head and arm. You and I remember you and I, on this, on this like random piece of carpet rolled out in an alley before the fight and you're, you and me are just drilling because we knew it had norm was his move. And so you're just going head and arm and I'm getting out of it, getting out of it, getting out of it. But he got me in a, was it ghee? Yes. It was ghee. He had spandex on those. Yeah. He had spandex bottoms at a ghee top. He got me in a, in an asykeal from my half car. Yeah. Which you know, you know, the learning phases of jujitsu. Way to go. I didn't know that would work. That was one of those for me. I was like, I didn't know that would work. I didn't think it would work. Like you get one in asykeal on me in my half car. And then they were. Yeah. Just a side. Just a tangent. We're walking to the venue. We parked two box down and Jogal had these sunglasses on. And there was these two ghetto dogs. And these were pissed off dogs. So it was a jockey went like this and stared at dogs. And the dogs went, oh, like this is funny. Cause I'm like 19 year, you're probably like 25. And the dogs, they were, they were wrong. We were a confident and you gave them that devil stare. They, they kind of backed up. They were still barking. But they needed to just, there was a fence between us. But yeah. First time I seen a man just punk two dogs with his eyeballs. Yeah. Kind of motivated me. Fimatch. Actually, you know what was pretty cool. So this is one of my favorite deenester stories. You were going against again, it was one of these crazy tournaments total mayhem. And so we're talking, this is like 90, I don't know, 97, 98 something like that. Total mayhem. And you would always get what you'd always be in the finals or to send my finals, you know, on your way to the finals. Cause you would win every tournament. It was freaking ridiculous. Oh, well, not everyone. Yeah. Okay, not everyone, but most of them. I would do the absolute to it. I usually win my division in the absolute. Yeah. No, it was awesome. And I would do my best, which wouldn't be as good as Dan. And so anyways, Dean's in this match. And he's going against this Brazilian kid. And they're going out and the Brazilian guys real super fiery. Right? Super fiery. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And he's going crazy. And you know, it's really, it's, it's, it's, it's head. Head touching, but it's like a head slap. You can hear the slaps after. And you can see this guy's going all crazy. And he goes after Dean, like super hard trying to get to take down. And they fly across the mat and he's pushing and Dean's sprawl boom and they go way out into the stands. And I'm, I'm the side like in his corner. And so I just see the both of them disappear into the crowd. And if the crowd's going crazy, and it gets quiet. And the guy comes out and he's all going crazy. His all on fire. He's like, come on, let's go. And he goes to the middle of the maximum. And he's like, you're getting down his knees and starts slamming the mat. Like he's just so crazy. And then I look at, and then I look back at the crowd where the whole was where they can. And Dean comes walking out. And he's, looks totally completely literally. He looks like the Terminator. He goes walking out, no expression on his face comes walking out to the middle of the mat. And then he armlock the guy like 20 seconds later. And just, how do you do that guy with us? I mean, that was a pretty awesome. That was good. And then in that time period, right, is when you do the ADCC trials, actually we both did ADCC trials in 2003. Well, 2002, I won the trials and then I went to Brazil. 2001, I went to Abu Dhabi. I went to Abu Dhabi and competed. I didn't win that year. Oh, okay. I was a purple belt. We did several big trial tournaments, some of the materializing to actual events. We did several of these things. Abu Dhabi crawfers. I think that was the first one, 2001, 2002. I think it was 2002. Yeah. And it was here in San Diego. Right. And I thought like nice health club. Yeah, the hotel. And, and if Kenny Florian was there. Yeah. Kenny Florian was there. And he was super cool. And I went against big country, really big country Nelson. And I think we were division up, you know, like forward to two or something. Yeah. And that you had just wars. I had this all American wrestler. I don't know. Good wrestling. Nate Deusarmé and he slam my knee. I found out later that he doesn't have a purpose. He lets get the back. He dives in spears, and he in the ground. And it damages your knee, actually. So I was like, I'm a fist choke. I registered impact. I registered like that kind of hurt. But I didn't like go to choke when he tapped. And I was like, my knee doesn't feel correct. And I need to show up like this, like double the size. And I put two, I put two knees sleeves over it. And I'm like, I don't know why that somehow focused me. I didn't go, oh, I'm hurt. Oh, this is my excuse to quit. I went, you know, it would be really cool. This is somebody that you have to recycle. I was like, you like being the underdog kind of. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I've less pressure. Because most people like to be the favorite. I like to be the one that's like, I can't win. And so I had the guy from, what's his name, from Hinsa Grace's from New York. And he attacked my leg. Yeah, went after it. And he had me straight in the lock. And the ref is about to stop. I looked at the ref and I'm like this. And he's shaking his legs. He played like college ball. He called me, he got me a real athletic Patterson, Jamal Patterson. He was like, yeah, yeah. And I got this back choke to him. And I see in the court like, you're like, this evil grin just shines throughout. And then the lady was in the finals. And I went back points. I went to a dog. I went to Brazil. That's also when that's also when Eddie Bravo was at the same trial. He won the trials too. Yeah. So that was kind of a big deal. And Dave Troll, one his and Dave Troll, one his. Yeah. And the one who won the heavyweight was some country boy. I don't know if he was named. Yeah, one so we would die to Brazil. And Eddie took third, but he beat the whole degree. Yeah. That was a that I got more attention than me winning the absolute. Yeah. That was a. Well, I think. Yeah, I think there was some reason. Yeah, the boy is, yeah, the legend is the toilet. Yeah. And. But yeah, you went and won the absolute, which is, you know, it's free and insane that you won the absolute. Jocquatrain me so hard. Remember the seven ups on the on the stairs? Seven ups. These. Damn seven. I'm like seven ups. But seven ups is not like what it sounds like popping. That's seven times up the stairs and under what 20 seconds. And then you're okay. 20 seconds you do it again. And I'm like. And that's my. My amitation of Jocco. Jocco would do this evil, maybe seal tactic on me where. Dean jump up hit the bar. I'm like, okay, keep going keep going. One, two, I'm like, when are we going to stop? I don't know. Jocco has some fictitious number in his head. I have no idea. But if I slow down, it'd be like 99, 100, 101. I slow down. 100, 99. I'm like, I'm losing my ground. I can't stop now. I'm going to. And the stairs was like, yeah, up and down seven times. It wasn't all long. It was a long stairway. Maybe three, but it was like, you have to up and down in less than 30 seconds. Or you have to do it. Ass of my time. And yeah, I got a good shape. Yeah, then there was good teams up in the top floor. This is where we were at City Boxing at Down Count San Diego. There was beams and pipes. And like the beams were 14 inches taller than the pipes that you had to jump. So I'd be like on the beam, beam, pipe, pipe. When he was getting exhausted, I'd be like, pipe. Because it's a little bit lower. But yeah, you were in sick shape. And we were just grabbed that time. So at that time, I was going to college. So all I had to do, I wasn't, I was detached from the seal teams. From 2000, 2003. And all I was doing was going to college. And all we did was change it to actually. And we were just trained more. And then just trained after that. Joc was such a maniac. He's one of the few guys that say, hey, I want to train six in the morning row. It'll be there at 5.30. He's because we're not white-blaid. About 9.30, not a class of night, yeah. I sure. No, he's doing a ball of them. Joc will help me cut weight one time. Remember this? I was fighting at 1.25 for the belt, a king of the cage. And two weeks before the fight, this is a horse of fight now. Joc was like, Dean, you look kind of muscular. Like, you know, say muscular, you said, you're looking a little beefy heavy. Like, what's up? And I go, what is on fat? Yeah, probably you did. You look a little heavy, buddy. And I went, you know, how much do you weigh? I go, I'm 21, 18. And he went, Dean, what weight are you fighting in two weeks? I went, when I need to five. And a Joc went. Really, don't you understand that 33 pounds is like an issue? Oh, my friend, this isn't you. That was 24 or 25 years ago. My friend Tony is like, oh yeah, you lie down on the bathtub before that episode of salt. And he lose 20 pounds in an hour, no problem. Like, okay, Joc was like, did you try it? I'm like, no, Dean, you mother, lazy, get some episode of try it tonight. Let me know. I'm like, oh my god, I'm all confident. I go get episode salt. I guess alcohol, like rubbing alcohol, pouring the bath. I like that. 30 minutes later, I get out with a loss like half a pound. And like not 20, half a pound. I go, I call Joc, Joc was like, what happened? And I'm like, or an input or something. Something like, something military like, report, yes, reconnaissance, whatever. And now, field report. So I'm like, Joc, how much did you lose you mother, you know, I think I was like three quarters of, I think I think I actually read the stuff. Three quarters, yeah, it was like, you know, whether maybe at the beach by the house is with, you know, both I don't know, or my own branch, yeah. And I was six in the morning and I go there and Joc was like, you know, next two weeks, you could have like a can of two in a per day and we're gonna run. And if we have a Joc around it with me, but most people don't do that. Oh, like the watch you run, you run me, we ran all around point no one. And by the way, we're going to the beach and I'm like, oh, we're gonna run on beach. Joc could just over there, they'll see well. So running the beach can kind of close the water. And just in the water, I'm like, okay, it's like on the water, Joc was swimming in these cliffs. I'm like, I'm trying to catch up with them. I'm not a seal back. It's wind. I'm a strong swimmer, I'm not, he was like, you know, like, flipers, you know, I flipers like, I thought he did. He's like, he's out in the surf going around these cliffs. I'm like, I've done that before, but he's ahead of me, I'm like tired of my tastes sucks because I'm already not eating and whatever. Plus, I was younger. So, you know, when you younger, things suck more than when you older, you realize it didn't suck that bad because you're older, you have this experience. So, from the fairway, all the way to the mission beach across the bridge, we swam through that, well, not a way of clean river just swam through. But the San Diego river, we swam through there. Three hour run, not every day, but maybe for two weeks, all the time. And I lost 18 pounds. And then, of course, lost 15 pounds of water. And I made the way that was terrible. That was hard. That was hard. And I thought a tough guy too. So, yeah, it was anyone. Yeah, yeah. It was good day. You know what, I got to go back to the, when you won 80cc in Brazil, because that was freaking amazing. So, there's a couple of things. Number one, one of the guys that you face was a guy named Padeapano. And yeah. Yeah. And I was reading. So, I couldn't go down, because I was in college at the time and it was right in final exams. I literally could not go down with you. And so, you were down there by yourself in Brazil, in enemy territory. Yeah. And you're down there. And so, I'm reading, there's something called the, it's the underground. It's the, it's the, it's the M. It's the mix martial arts.com. It's the UG, which also has the OG. So, it's an old forum, which still exists to this day. You should be called submission fighting and actually, you and I, when I was on deployment like way back then, you and I would communicate, we didn't have email. So, you and I would communicate on submission fighting.com and the threads. And, oh, the struggle. Yeah. Yeah. And so, I'm reading, so what they're doing is someone is translating, like an, some kind of automatic translation. And they're hosting what it's saying. And so, it was like a literal, the Americans and trouble. Yeah, no, it's a literal translation. And so, paid upon, it means cloth foot. Is that right? Yeah, but it's actually, it's a cartoon character. Yeah. Well, this guy paid upon was a guy that our instructor, Fabio, is on beatable. He, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he just paid upon, oh, is this massive guy, and he was a sick, black belt in jiu-tchu. And he's like, yeah, this guy will never be beaten, because he's so massive, and he so good at jiu-tchu. You know, I'm gonna score a point on him, usually, he was just a dominator. And how is anyone going to beat something that's that big and that skilled? And so, Dean, so I'm reading, remember I'm sitting in the parking lot of, of home depot for some reason. And the match is going on. And I'm reading and refreshing it on my phone. And it's popping up and it's slow. It's like back in the day, right? I've researched that and I'm reading it and I remember the thing it says that it says the cloth foot has a choke in deep. The American must have a tube to his lungs because he is not tapping. And I was like, yes, Dean, and then you beat him and then you beat and then you went on a one that was a that was a big deal man. Yeah, he beat I mean he beat Verdum at the and then and well in their own division and but he cheated in that match. Oh, by the way, Peter Pondon's the only guy he wouldn't shake my hand. You didn't talk in the smack. He wasn't a very gracious, you know, by the way, you could tell a lot about a person how they conduct themselves when they went and also I did lose. So by the way, he was smashing me when the points didn't count. But he was 40 pounds heavier than me. So the big guy is 6 foot 6 foot 7. He's 6 foot 6 foot 6 foot 6 foot 7. He's 6 foot 6 foot 6. Yeah, big guy. He's 267 pounds. Yeah. And but he he he won against Redume. But he cheated. I saw the tape and he put his arm on it. It wasn't a submission out of bounds. He cheated when they restarted. So the crowd was in a submission about to get a trouble. He wasn't in. But okay, he was on the verge of it being locked in. But he cried moved his arm. So he would he started in a more favorable position. So that was the one match where the Brazilians were kind of cheering for me. Otherwise, no, they're cheering for the other president. But so when I won the people were. And he was like me. So who is the first match against? First match was Nate Markport, Nate Markport, and I got it like Camira. Tough guy. Yeah, awesome. God. That was brutal. Yeah. And then Salo Hibero. And then Salo was already the five time old champion at the time. I was a Brazambal. So it was kind of for me as weird. I had less pressure in the harder division where I was the last guy. I was the number 16 of the world. It was, I don't know why. Just, well, you, like I said, you like to be the underdog. Yeah, I don't, I don't, I wish I could describe what happened that day because if I could replicate that, I don't know why I bet Eric Paulson said he said, uh, Dina had a golden aura around him. I saw it. I don't see or is yet, but I'm working there. I want to see or like that. Yeah. And so these guys, I mean Salo is like, like he said, five time old. I mean, he's just one of the best in his buses by the strategy in his three both. Awesome. I'm going to leave with you, Jitsu players. And then you, and then it was Peytapano. And then in the finals, it was Kakareko. It was Kakareko Alehan de Faheda. And he, he's a beast. Yeah, he, he's known for, he actually was a good sport, but he, he had the reputation that Tokino has today. He would hurt people. Actually, footlock, Jongi, that day, he guilty in complete all that day. And he beat Fabriceva. I do him also, just by coincidence, same guy, eight zero five zero. And then Fabriceva beat Petapano in the third fourth match. So, so that was kind of like, you know, this is Peytapano. So he won. So it was a good day. And the finals, I was told this guy is the best skeleton in the world and the best footlocks in Brazil for sure. And he's the best wrestling Brazil. So I'm like, I thought about like, who is guilty. Oh, he careful with the guilty and I thought to myself, I'm not trying to act courageous, nothing like that. But I said to myself, that would really suck. And I go, I think maybe you could feel how his guilty is, you know? And so I grabbed his legs and he went for, and I was like, let me see how it is. Not that I wanted it. Yeah, I kind of wanted to escape it. It's kind of weird. And he went into play with the fight. And I was, yeah, I was in it. And he really, I hear the crowd yelling and I hear the crowd get silent because he has me so tight. Not over my ears, but I'm getting choked really. So I guess I'm slightly resistant to submissions. And I can see the light, the tone. And he started getting a little tired and it's in his elbow. Yeah, that was so good. Technically that was the reason. But but I maybe ever just said, Neko or something. So he eventually got tired, let go. And I saw his eyes and he was just, I got him. I knew it at that moment. And then we started in the middle. And I went for a full lock and he was real calm. Well, for lock and that 50 50, we didn't call 50 50. Yeah, I said, let's try it. And I did it. And he's eyes, you can see, he doesn't know what's come on. And he went, I, that will more of a macho. I, like, I got him. And then of course, I actually couldn't believe it at the moment because I was W's, well, it's the equivalent of the Olympics for our sport. And it's the, there are Olympic wrestlers in Abu Dhabi. There's Sambal guys. There's Olympic chuddle guys, the best jitz who guys are in this. And it's a whole world's invited. And the winner gets 40 G's, baby. So there's no other turn of that. How many of you? I was 27. That was a lot of money, man. Yeah, like so. Yeah. Yeah, I did. And it's funny. So I'm, I'm number 16, but I have no, Mark Rita came down. You said you're number 16. You were the number 6 tell us. See. Yeah, exactly. And that's how you I had it being won. But so I'm warming up. I have no coach until Mark Rita came down for, for the, the last three matches. I'm shadow boxing. I've never, everyone's wrestling with a coach. I'm just like shadow boxing. Look at the weirdo. By the way, I, I, I didn't think I was going to begin to turn him. So I wore my Brazilian tighties. Because I don't usually fight in the earth competing those. I usually wear surf trunks. But I'm like, I in case I'm invited, I'll put my, I sweat pants over these. So I'm in like speed, basically speedos, warm-y up, shadow boxing. I'll want myself. And I look up and there's just only Brazilian girls looking down at me. Like, I'm like, on them. And one girl goes, hey, come here and I shouldn't have done it. But, you know, let's grow a clip on the cover of magazine. And I went up, wanted, she said, hey, how are you doing? And Portuguese was not that good back then. I was like, oh, they're being, you would say, I'm good. How are you? And she said, in Portuguese, oh, you're not Brazilian, are you? And I said, no, and she went, she turned her back and walked. She called me over, and then turned me away. It's jacked up. So I'm like, all right, let's try to stop focus. Focus. And then I got through this thing. And then at this moment, I don't know why this is, but the champion gets like 95% of the attention. The guy took second is equal level of me. Maybe he could be me a different day. I must admit, I'm like, I say, I can never lose to that guy. He's really good. But I have a line of a thousand people waiting to meet me and take pictures with me. So I'm still on my Brazilian's tightest, you know? And the, you know, guys, what's up? I think girls make his, you know, and I can picture it. And as after half hour, I see this girl like eight people down going like, hi, remember me? I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, mental note. He's like, so she waits, she waited like an hour to meet me and she's finally with an ear shot. She's like, in Portuguese, remember me? Hi, I knew you could do it. She's, she's, she's, she's, in Portuguese, and I'm like, yeah, whatever. She gets up to me. And I'm sure I was you guy would have, would have, would have caved into this, but I skipped her. Just like that in the shit. It's a little puppy dog looked as hurt. I was on a Monday. That was like you the triumphant. The moral victory of that game was awesome. So the, when, when you were doing that, I remember, and when you getting ready for that first one, we trained freaking hard like crazy. And I remember, Sarge, since to push you as hard as we possibly could like, Sarge, because Sarge is better, so he would do the take downs with you. And then as soon as you guys would hit the mat, I would jump on top of that way and get you just as tired as we get you. But also, I didn't think about it this way, but man, a lot of times when you and I would be training, like we would just sit there and try and foot lock each other for half an hour. I mean, it would be like, it's, which is weird because now that's very common to see, it almost really do them that actually. Yeah, no one was doing it back then. And now you see tournaments, and that's what the tournament is. It's just a bunch of people trying to foot lock each other. Yeah. And I'll sit there of heel hook for lock. And when we were doing it, that's why, like when I look back on, I was like, no one was doing that. You would never see anyone sit there and trade foot locks and heel hooks for 20 minutes. We're actually rolling trying to submit each other, but we're just trading and trading and trading. And that gave you such an advantage when you knew moves, you had techniques that were just no one even understood the position. And now you hear John Donner, her talking about it. You know, and I heard John, her talking about the fact that, you know, he teaches his guys to get people in a position that the other person isn't comfortable with, right? And that's it. That's what you were doing. Wait, way back then was, hey, I'm going to take you to somewhere that you do not understand what's happening and you will be confused and I'm going to crush you. And on top of that, you know, your natural, like I said, a mutant skills and all that. And it just turns into a, well, like it's a turns into a world champion, Jeff, is what it turns into. That was a good day. You know, you know, the fifth, it became what I won with the 50, 50. I didn't, I didn't have a name for that position. I was reading Portuguese from some respectable older guys, I won't say names, but people I love to do were saying basically, this is a disaster, this, Gringo, Gringo means foreigner, it's not a slur, it just means foreigner. This am foreigner is coming down here. This is not judging to what the hell, repeated by different people. And I'm like, okay, well, you know, I looked at my gold medal in my trophy and I'm like, I don't feel so bad actually. But that, a few months later, I hear about a position called the 50, 50, I'm like, I want to see it. And I'll go, oh, now it's accepted. It's in Brazilian move now. Also, I want the move I got, Saladin, no one was doing that knee lock. Now it's commonplace. Crowbar, I forget if it was you or me that came up with the idea, but you for sure came with the name crowbar. I heard in Russia, and they're doing crowbar with a cage on my hand that's very round, so like, and the man always kind of thinks, you know what, maybe someone's done it before me, but you brought a legit actual military gas mask on the treadmill, like, do you put this on with that? I just, I look like, like, from a damn horror movie, like, with the real one. And so now everyone's wearing gas mask, that, that, that, that, train mask when they do the thing. But these aren't real gas masks. This is actually, and you, I'm running, I was like, if you slow down, we're adding in there 20 minutes. I did it, I didn't complain, but yeah, we were like doing stuff before most people. It was, it was good times. Yeah, that was pretty awesome. And also, at this whole time period, you were also fighting MMA. Yeah. And, and you were, King of the Cage, you fought a bunch of fights in King of the Cage, you were the middleweight champion in King of the Cage, pretty, and then that's when King of the Cage was sort of the feeder organization for pride, which was when pride was the equivalent of UFC until you were in the world. You know, it was, it was very, very popular. The fights were awesome. They had the best fighters. Well, I can't say they had the best fighters because they had equivalent fighters of, I think they were one notch, at that time. I think they were one notch above you. Some of them, but some of them came to the UFC and didn't do as well as, well, some of them were to pride. Yeah, and then this, you know, some of them were both ways. It's different rules. I'll say it's a equivalent. I won't say it's better. It was definitely, it was definitely, so you were in the feeder organization for pride, and then you went to pride. But, the Cage was considered the third hardest in the world. Yeah, it was. Yeah, I don't even think, yeah, underneath that was just completely unknown thing. And you and I got lucky because, well, I got lucky because I was hanging out with you and we would go to Japan and we saw some pretty pretty crazy fights in Japan too. I guess the stories we have. Remember that time? We were at this pool, like it's late night, like 130, I don't know, whatever was midnight, maybe. We're playing pool and there's this VIP area. It's actually a pool lounge. And there's this big Japanese bodyguard there and some of what's behind the music and stuff. And it's trying to get and they're just like, he's like, I guess that means no, you can't come in. And we're just here in the hoist. That's when he lost to Yoshida. He's come by with a bunch of, like, a say connected Japanese friends. And he sees us. He was, hey, Dean Chagon, gets his in there. And it's like a karaoke lounge and there was Lionel Richie's voice coach was seen in there. Do you remember that? Yeah, it was just nuts. And, and, and, um, dude, I met Lionel Richie's voice coach. What's up? Oh yeah. What's up? That we saw, so seeing those big fights in Japan when we saw Nagira fight Bob Sap. So Nagira was, Nagira's 100, or sorry, 230 pounds. And he's 250. Yeah, Bob Sap's 350 pounds. He beat the living crap out of Nagira for however long. Seven. Yeah. And then Nagira got him in a wrong lock. Umu Flata, sweep. Armlock that was. Hopefully I'm crazy. It was in the national stadium. There's like 120, 120 people on the crowd. They had kettle drums. Do you know what those are echo? You know, the kettle drum is just big giant drums. And there was a troop of Japanese drum players. So when this thing kicked off, these guys are surrounding the top of the stadium with kettle drums. It was on fire. And Dean and I were there. You know, and we flew actually flew over with with voice for those things. Yeah, that's right, man. It was just, I think Bergen was in the walkout on trousers. You know, he was somewhere else. But guys, or pair of shooting in. Like, oh, yeah. It was, you know, he, he, he, he's like, he has a camera. He's like, I'm at 20,000 feet. And he's like, I'm falling in. And it's like, and they come down in the Atlanta like in the ring. It was pretty crazy. It was crazy. And then you ended up, you know, obviously since we were the King of the King of the King champion, you ended up going to pride. You had to sick fights and pride. You fought. When you beat Soji, yeah, and he was, he was like a warrior. Yeah, I said, you had a beast of a fight against Arona. I also faced this, and then I, well, I didn't get the fight policy, because he got his, he got his leg broken. But I also fought, I'm out of the room from Russia. Sounds like, sounds like something sounds like I'm making them up. But he legitimately became a hitman for the Russian something, the syndicate, and Russia killed a couple politicians and the arrest of them, because apparently you can't do that. And is he confirmed? He died in prison of cancer. And in Russia, if he killed a few politicians, they just go, we're not going to take care of your cancer too much. He just brought that in a lot of way. He died like two years ago. So he's prison. That guy, you seen him before, just his nose was just probably broken. That guy became a hitman. And so I thought that guy. And Arona was, that was a hard match. That wasn't, I'll take ownership of the situation. I'm not making excuses, but explanation wise, it was not, I was not my normal self for that fight. But it was hard fight. I lost my decision. It was good. 100,000 people in the crowd. Yeah, I was. You walked down. And Shandy, yeah, go. Yeah. My friend Tim, Tim Colmus. Tim Fuy. The guy in the mall, Tim Colmus. Tim Colmus now. Oh, yeah. That then is. Yeah. He, he, he, I walked into one of the songs. And Hans was there. It was good. It was good. It was good times. Yeah. Tell. Brandt was there. And then, and then eventually you get picked up by UFC. So I transferred it the right time. Yeah. 2005, six, I just transferred. And perfect time transfer actually. I had some good scraps. I was actually in overseas now because I was back at its theme for a while. So I was kind of out of the, out of the fight game for a little bit. It was still training. Yeah. I trained with my son. I was with you. But you had bunch of fights and UFC. By the way, make sure that I, I don't forget to tell the kill joc was story. I got to tell that story later. Go to tell it right now. Well, I'll see. But, um, okay. So I was not, I mean, there wasn't pride at the time. Jocco went to, I don't know, I can't, you were somewhere. I think I was, I think it was my first deployment to our group for a couple months. And then it was maybe I was just doing no. No, I mean, maybe if you, I'm not sure. But you were gone. And you come back. And my mom had this medication. I had acne. And I don't think there was some kind of antibiotic helped it. But I didn't know it. Maybe really weak and took my endurance away. This is actually true. This is not an excuse. They were going to excuse. That's not sure. So Jocco comes back. And I'm not really feeling like a Jocco's like, I was trained on Michael K. And Jocco that kicks my ass. And Jocco's like, literally his anguish is like, you're lacing one of the, I'm, I'm in the desert. I'm doing this. And you, you're sitting on your ass here in San Diego doing nothing. And I kick your ass. And what? And I'm like, I'm just like, I'm like a shame. I'm like a shame. I'm like, because, and then you go away for like a month somewhere you're gone. And I'm like, and I, but that medication for 10 days and I stopped him. I feel strong again. I'm like, oh, I understand now. So I'm training. I'm like, whether the guy comes back, I can't wait for this. I made a CD. It's a kill Jocco. And it was, had like corn in Metallica. I was like, and so Jocco came and I'm like, hey, Jocco. And I put this in and we trained in. That was my day. I guess. I think I was like, talking shit dude. Like you. That is like a feeling we're hurt. You're talking like, and here's what sucks for me. So if, if both of us are on point, I'm getting, I'm catching a beat down. If, so if both of us are bringing our A game, I'm catching a beat down. If Dean's bringing his A game, and I'm bringing my weak game, I'm catching a beat down. If I'm bringing my full A game and beans have an horrible day, I can do like barely okay. So it's like, you have your days, but you have your days. You know, the day, the really good days that I have are very, I have to, I have to earn them. I'll put it through that way. I have to earn them. And then, so, so you do, you have C, you do decent, you have some top fights. I was a good fight before, right? In my division, my only two losses by decision was Nate Markworth and Yusional Kami and they both after fight fire and it's the silver. So I was two times right there for the battle. I was top five top, no, I don't care, top. But I thought to fight in the silver and a lot of spulto matches, but the other four I won. And my first fight was Elise Sikara, who's from Italy, he's really tough fighter fat. Probably the fastest hands. And actually I figured this out later. I was the underdog, but they were actually trying to feed me to him. He was going to fight Chuckly at all. I was going to be stepping stone. Oh, supposedly. Yeah, I suppose to be. And this grew to play. They were already planning like using the fight Chuckly Delicous. He has fast hands. He probably shook as a really good chin, better wrestling, but Sikara has fast hands, better boxing. So they all have them fight after. So what I heard, but that day I got in the same triangle. I showed you a carry-in. And he topped. The shoulder here went to sleep. So both my debut was born by the same move. And it's tough guys. So then I fought a leather Japanese opponent. I fought a bow-garing, a little bit wrestler. I fought Nate Marquard, you should know, Tommy. And I fought Jeremy Horn. So six fights in USC. So my career has been focused on Jiu Jitsu. More no-gui is because when you do MMA, you don't have a gui or a kimono on. So it kind of wasting your time. If you're training in that aspect and you don't have a gui on it, how to grab the belt, how to do this, kind of wasting your time. So yeah, I've distributed my time between mixed martial arts and grappling. And you weren't done either because you went back in 2011. Yeah. You went back. And well 2009 was that 2009? It was. It was in Barcelona, Spain. Yeah, back to the Lona. And yeah, I was just, oh, I had come out by his surgery. What was in my year? Yeah. And those were some coolest matches. I was thinking about it. Double overtime, give it to me my galleys. Yeah. And we next year, we both won our divisions. Yeah. Go metal. So it was the first match in the absolute. And he won. It was double overtime, zero, zero. And yeah, the judges were looking at, like, and they were his hands. We did he have an umu umu fought on you. Did you do umu? I think that's why one because I had an item to full locks. Oh, that's right. You had to put locks here. Anybody on him? But the one positive more Jitsu ish. I think that's why. Yeah. And then um, yeah, 2011, I don't know why. Probably was a harder tournament. But I'm not saying it wasn't easy. The go sit. That was said. Then or I came back. You don't know why. I don't know why. I have no idea why, but I, yeah, I just showed up and first match. I was hard match actually. My friend Augusto Ferai from Saltbola, Brazil, very tough guy. I thought that I'm top three or four she did. Right. I was wrong. He was. He was like three. And I was number 14. Because now I'm a 35 and he's like 25. Very, I get this old guy out of the world. Yeah, knock him out of this thing. I won. I'm like, that was the one, the lowest ranked guys. That was a hard match. By point. Second guy was the European champion. I full locked him like two minutes. And then we have one data rest and I'm facing a red olejo vio's and total being no one could beat this guy. And he's like 21 and I'm 35. And this was it was not not so good in England. I can't do that x and damn it. But not in England. We were there. And at the hotel I popped my rib. I didn't want even know my ribs popped like it's during the match. The match with the Polish guy, a Rodney touric, the European champion. You try to find out me and it turned out a bit I popped my rib and I got his heel and I'm like my rib is unsat. It's not up to standards. You know, so I'm like, it hurts right now in a warm. So I set down our way for everyone to leave the arena so they wouldn't see me like Olympi home to the hotel. So I don't want to see, you know, a pure strong one in your week. And then we're week one in your strong. So I was, let's say we get that moment. And I want people to see that. So I got kind of locked with a slow back to hotel and this guy's downstairs. Hey, 18 year, you're facing a little fear to mom like, yeah, do you know how good that guy is? And I'm like, yeah, I heard no, do you actually understand what you're getting so into? I'm like, okay, just stop it, man. Just get the fuck, get away from me. And I'm like, trying to get my head. But kind of motivated me actually. I like that. I feel like, oh, I can't say you like to be in underdog man. Next day I showed up. Oh, and I saw Rodolfi I was competing with with the Spanx on. I'm like, oh, yeah. It's harder to step on a leg locks. Next day, no shirt and no span. Someone told us something. So I faced them. And yeah, he's, you know, he's like the future of the sport. Awesome. Great sport as well. But I got him in a, I think, four minutes. I got his heel in the 4. 11, which no one was doing at that moment. So my 50, 50 and 4. 11 was two of my nine lives of innovation. After I did that, people started doing it. Yeah, of course. But when I did it, no one understood what was going on. So if you was like, us, it was like a sea of weapons. Just a sea of weapons. Yeah. And then Joana sees also he beat Joana sees also super high level. And but see, mental, mental games. I'm older and 10 years old than the Joana. So I went to now at the time I speak good Portuguese. So and it's kind of as Leo Zinho Vierre. And Leo knows my he knows it for like I so so I'm like, and I heard that Joana has good for locks. And whatever, so I'm kind of talking like to him like, hey, but I'm up there. I'm saying my foot's right here. Come on. And then I'm wiggly in my feet like in his armpit, like go for it. And he's like, I should get there because I don't think so, man. And then Leo is like, no, no, but I can't like, but I can see me for the match. He's not he's not cocky, but I can see his little pride. I can just tell him he's younger than me. So I'm like, play that. I'm like, I'm like, I'm playing on my game. No, he has good for locks, but that's my fourth day. Let's say. So eventually I'm like, amen. It's right here. I heard you have good for locks. I was too much. He went for my foot. And then see, go do him into that. It's like, sorry. I'll straight. See, the thing is like, right, when you got old, you got to use a little tricks. Sometimes you know, you did that thing where the one they go for your foot. That opens up. It's like, it's like you're a punch with a punch me. I'm punch with that. But you get to first punch. Yes. But that's be confident. I can take a punch right. Well, I'm somewhat confident that I can resist a leg lock or counter in time and it all worked. You know, it's funny because I'm sitting here laughing at laughing at that. But you do that to me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You don't fall for them. Yeah. But then like I will. Yeah, eventually. Like, I'll be like, I'll get this and I'll just go for it. And then you'll you'll get your for me. Yeah. Exactly. I get. That's John goes in. We went back again in 2013. For the team. You see again took silver to Jewan. He won that year. He won that year. How did he win? I went for and then I talked to referee Zothers. It wasn't their fault. I went for a leg lock and he was that exact moment to sweep me. I did it wrong, though. I got greedy at that time. He had the arm position. I went for the wrong move. Technically, if the referee's new, I was going for leg lock. It's not a sweep. But now he's up. I'm down by points by one point. I haven't met triangle and he's really strong. He's flexing his leg. I'm like 30 seconds. I haven't been locked in triangle. But it's on the opposite side. I'm like, you know what, he's doing a muscle is that win by one point. So I opened my full guard from the bottom. Turned my stomach. He got back. So he actually won four four four four four four four four four. So you're trying to find something. Yeah. Because otherwise I can mentally be like, you know what, a little thought racist through your mind. You know, I I can I know I'm going to lose, but I can't say I would have submitted him. Like, no, but I'm going to lose. The only chance I have really unless I have been there two minutes, then it's different. So I had to take a chance. There's one intense chance. And then then payoff took silver. I was really upset about taking a silver. But in the end, Abu Dhabi silver's not too bad. Right? No. Second best in the entire world. I said it's three times gold. One times silver. And then you did the absolute that you're two? Did right? Yeah, that's right. Yeah. So that's one of my favorite matches that you've ever done as against Pintchacha. You were so lost. Which is it. It was tied up zero zero for nine minutes. And he he's like 22. I'm 35 and now I'm 37 now. And man, it was how is this weird? Because I once intimidated. He's a skidder. Very humble. He's got yeast. But people are he's a really strong athletic. Very technical. So I was like, okay, be careful. This might be careful. I'm going to give him my leg. You know, I just walk out hopping after my leg. And he's like, what the hell? And he grabbed my leg. Took me. I was no points. He had me in two-smits. I'm three-semits. It was awesome. At the end, I took him down. Got mounted. But my foot was stuck. So it didn't count. And he upa. Which means shoulder roll and Portuguese over. That's two points. And Abu Dhabi. Upa means an action. It actually means shoulder roll. Or is that just I thought it's just a noise that thought that's all that. That's all that. Okay. Upa is his shoulder roll. But if you talk to someone doesn't do the Jitsu, Upa doesn't mean shoulder roll. It means it's Jitsu term. Okay. So Upa means shoulder roll. Yeah. Escape them out. So he did that. And he's the one Dan Brazilian who has a wrestler bridge. Like he brings up and it took me over and I'm like, cut down that. And I know that move from like one was 14 years old. But he took me over and I was in my full guard. He's up to zero. And he won like that. So it was a good match. That's a good match. That's on YouTube. Go watch that match. If you want to just see we were exhausted. Yeah. That is that is just a beast of a match. It's a beast of a match. I could not. I'm gonna say, yeah, I couldn't move my shoulders afterwards. And I'm like, this is gonna suck. You know, it's weird because you had injuries along the way. Obviously. But like you had how many knee surgeries if you had two. And but those were when you were pretty young, right? Yeah. But I took our older. It's like my shoulder or my bicep. You were there in the gym. When my bicep snapped. Yeah. That was terrible. It was fun. Yeah. That was a lot to work with. What do I go with this? You don't. Yeah. I just put it. Yeah. The guy was blocking my elbow. He's trying to knock me out. So I was like, oh, I'm not going to. I wasn't really warm yet. And it is elbow. It might bicep and snap. It's terrible. I'm like, I didn't know you could snap your bicep. But you can. You just confirmed. Yeah. Double confirmed. Double confirmed. Yeah. What do you do when you win? Like when you got an injury, what's your philosophy around trying to get it to heal? Because people get injured during the jitter. You know? It's difficult for me because but I could try to make it as simple as possible. See, jitter boxing any kind of a confrontational thing which you are an expert in and the military, but also in jitter. I mean, even if it's not fun because you're getting smashed, you're not bored. You're not bored. So we can't train jitter to me. No, I know we're different. I personally don't like looking myself in the mirror. I don't like that at all. But with weights, I get bored personally. I want to have someone trying to hurt my shirt. I don't want to hurt, but that at least I can be mentally immersed in the issue. So that makes art for me. Personally, I focus on other things like learning languages or traveling or doing seminars, things like that. How many languages do you speak? Well, it's a lot of things. I speak seven languages. Now, I speak three in the way that I can make jokes. I can argue and I can spell, I can write and I can read poetry, Spanish, and English. French, I can have a conversation, but I'm not smooth. I have a big accent. I can make jokes. And I couldn't effectively argue unless I want to sound like Borat. I'm nice. I could do that. Maybe it was sound like a Croatian was Miracle Crocop's coach for like seven years. Survival. I want to go there. How are you? Three or four or five depends on your definition. Even German, I can kind of get around a little bit. But just on the street, asking for directions, stuff like that. It's not good. So three, I guess three, I'll say three, three, so I'll decide what's up next. I was just thinking to fuck myself around. Keer Nāky, Humphrey ć received his German name, so, roughly as a guy, a kid, a son, a love man. The son of Vinod. And you're from law. espí unto the guy who brought his original name in born in 2003. No way. Incredible. Incredible. Oh, Robert. Great. That's the morning. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, if you're gonna be doing no-guin. I know I know some I don't know I don't know watching those those the significance of this a wrestler knows right away This is wrong. This is a this is the a Gabriel grip This is the S grip. They're fine. This is the BS grip doesn't work a lot of world champions that only train They're all over a sleeve and belt They grab like this because they're taught to rely upon the uniform So if you rely upon the uniform and you don't have the uniform now 80% of your tools are gone so I think it's good to do both It's normal to prefer one over the other but don't discount no-guis More technical and faster in the transitions absolutely and the fact that you you can slip out of something easier Means that's a transition to the next move faster But ghee has more options. I have many jokes I can do I can grab my own belt wrap it around your wrist. You can't do that without ghee So that's only so Some people say some people say ghee is more technical But I don't believe that it's more technical different there might be I guess no I was gonna say maybe there's more techniques but there's not there's it's equal. I just think they're equal Yeah, and they're equal in technical because to hold someone down with the ghee is a lot easier You get someone across side with the ghee like you're gonna hold them down you could across side with someone with no ghee It's a lot harder to hold them down because there's nothing to hold on to yeah, and So it makes it harder. That's why I think no ghee makes your offense better Gee makes your defense. Yeah, that makes it harder to slip out of things If you're in a submission with ghee It's hardest to slip out of the you know you can get luckiest really hard You're not really gonna slip out of things. I'll save you train with rest issues. It's different if you ate with the fatigues It's different train with the Marines with the team guys or I train the Police whatever done it Brazil as well. I mean they train like how they aren't duty, you know, so having someone with a you know Fatigues on it's the corner fatigues. No, yeah, I used to just go to Kami's Kami's that's that's cute Sorry dude. That's what I call them Get your Kami's on yeah, be the use and there we go. Yeah, you use be the use I don't know we are I Everyone I know we just call them Kami's fatigues Maybe it's cute to you Hold guard should a human being pole guard in a fight no. Oh, unless it's a controlled like you'll see I pull garden one, but that's because there's one person right there and their forte is striking and To the end of my pros and end of my career people wouldn't fall for that. They just get get the whole way for me But I've won if you fight to work even one the guy was across side on top and he could have just got away from me But he proceeded to attack me and then I reversed and trying to alarm locked. It was a Chainslee's my friend now Very tough guy, but you know he engaged my strength So you could same thing like croak up Probably the most notorious High kick in history in MMA, you know, he broke a lot of grounds with that average guy You wouldn't say just sort of left-hiking the head. Yeah, that's not gonna work that well, but it works if you do it really well I wouldn't say it's a good strategy and a fight, but it's good to do because you get to a situation where you're familiar You have hold you have your legs and your arms engaging in the opponent and you can work from there But you have to have a good guard you can't just all I'm gonna sit in the bottom be good all but across my feet and I'm fine No, you get beat up in a fight. Yeah, so if you if you're good there You can do it. It's not a generally thing I would recommend though. Yeah You know, it's I was just remembering that when you fought Nate Markort in the UFC That was what bummed me out about that. Yeah, I can hear Jackson going you're not draw a punch Yeah, you just like So stick to the game plan. So Greg Jackson who is a really smart strategist and I'm kind of like you know your strategist So it was like my strategy. I'm supposed to be cornering you and telling you what to do strategy wise and Greg Jackson is on the other side telling Nate what to do strategy wise and After the fight I was even during the well that's what pissed me off was that During the fight I didn't recognize quickly enough what was happening and what was happening was Nate Markort was just not moving so all who's doing his waiting for the referee stand up Yeah, and it came expose nothing because you know Nate was better on the feet. He's also a black button He's a But he didn't want to play around. Yeah, there's no why take the chance, right? The chance is there's a there's a yeah a much higher percentage of Him getting submitted than it is of him getting knocked out by you. Yeah, so he would just literally hold Dean and wait And I got strategically beat by Greg Jackson now I love Greg Jackson. I think he's an awesome guy. I hung out with him. He's a super guy and like it bummed me out That he tactically we strategically beat me with that plan which was hey, we're just gonna hold and we're gonna wait for the Referee stand up and it was something that we didn't train for yeah, we didn't train for it until later Then we started training for like okay the other thing we had to start training for someone that runs away from you Right because a lot of guys They would they would just try and get away from you. That's all they wanted and and so that's that's very difficult to contend with I wish that we could like have a fight like an elevator Yeah Can't get away from yeah or like an a movie theater like I'm sitting next to you ready I like that range just my style you know No, I roll you were meant for that you were meant for that do you what do you think about when you see All the for locks that's become such a huge focus the game right now I'm kind of like I told you so Because I you know you were in the middle of the first I had about 10 years of yeah, you're doing good with that somehow But we don't you know that's wrong. Yeah, and oh by the way Jerry Costa Yeah, kid Pileg will yeah, he actually told me when I was a boy because you know Dean this Philarx that's kind of like tacky When I won he was there in Brazil when I won he walked you went In English he's Brazilian me he is Lister thank God you didn't listen to me At the time it was just that was the way and yeah, I do use some cliches, but some cliches make sense We know the rules now you could break the rules yeah if you don't know the rules So I knew the rules and you can get away doing that because no one else is doing that and sometimes I break rules because I don't want to react in a way my opponent will predict so easily So I'll do something wrong because it's unexpected I'll do something that Well those who don't do jiu jitsu and I understand this, but I mean your guard All resmarb down inside you're like I'm a white belt Knowing you'll go for triangle yeah, and see the I'm a Rani guard. Yeah, no, no, I know you I want to see that to white belt look at cart triangle See so I do things like that just because it's weird and I'm weird to it But yeah, so that's my stuff But yeah, later locks. Yeah. What do you think about Some people talk about the self defense techniques of jiu jitsu and or the lack of self defense techniques for jiu now What I will say is this I've been in some self defense classes that you're teaching and you don't focus it on a lot But occasionally you'll do a self and I at almost every time you teach one of those self defense classes I pick something up. I learn something. Okay Well I it is true when we were young starting it was from born from the U of C Let's see mode of it was like oh, a voice gracey. That was the main thing. I'm an ex-a gracey You know value two would owe and back then at least your coach could fight or has been in fights And I'm not criticizing anyone But it's a martial art martial being what or confrontation I'm not saying you want to be a Be confrontational or be in fights, but if you can't use jiu jitsu to defend yourself when it counts most And I don't know if it's not really martial art anymore, so yeah On the other hand If you think that I've had you'll tell me this. Well, yeah, I didn't I saw you you're a good fighting You'll see But you know if you try to admit I poke your eyes and I go okay Thanks for letting me know warning me because that's kind of scary I could poke the eyes too. I don't tell them because yeah, it's a challenge argument see if you do one class one time You know that's why you have to roll and do it in for boxing You need someone actually throwing punches at you and learn how to stop those and move away from the punches just hitting a bag or Brick my hit back, you know, so Let's do it if anyone here listening is 25 no one's gonna understand what that means, but so having this putting yourself in hard situations Is it just who it was all about problem solving? You know you get to a situation and you learn how to solve the problem you get relaxed and you learn to deal with this I think that's really important To know how to relax how to conserve your energy as you said no one went to attack There's siopses there's mental tactics. There's you know you could tell a lot about a person How they fight you can see if they're dirty if they think shortcuts if they have a temper You can see if they're patient you can see if they're explosive you can see if they're locked today. It's cool. It's cool You can see a lot of things about somebody if they're greedy That's why I'm laughing he's gonna deem accuses me of being greed and he's right I'll get greedy with a move and I'll hang on to something that I shouldn't hang on to and I'll end up in a position that I shouldn't be in and then deem will immediately start going green Green You know, you know Well, you know, you can tell a lot about a person by how they fight and also how they handle defeat and how they handle victory That's why I don't do it as an outward display, but every time I win You know someone I never run around yelling I I check on them and if I was lose I shaking my opponent's hand I'm not there's nothing I'm not saying anything I'd more about that, but but that's something I would strive to be is some of this respectful and you can see as you said humility is taught and and the people of Mike to be humbled They're probably not gonna last very long doing a martial art especially jiu-jitsu because It's such a Close and personal like you got owned like that there's no escape our belongs to jockel. There's no debate There's no debate you just got tapped out you can't lie in a fight you just got tapped out now with Some other martial arts is like well, you know, if this was real fight I would have done this that or if I would have punched him harder I would have done something else I would have done some different It's like Injitsu you just got you got put in a position where this dude could have ripped your shoulder apart Yeah, or put you to sleep and killed you so So there's there's truth in jiu-jitsu and that's why it's so humbling So I said you could tell a lot by how someone is Okay, if we have a sport like okay golf or Sprinting me, okay, these are all sports and they're good, but oh How some of the swings are golf club? I can't tell too much about the personality But if someone takes a punch and they look right back at you and they punch you back That person's there's something about that guy that's different the average guy who turns away and runs away Okay, if someone tries to arm lock me and I relax and I escape I time it correctly, okay, this timing in this technique of course makes some kind of sense I don't know back to the salt offense aspect Yeah, I think I think you should be prepared For a Worst Kiss scenario and actually for some weird reason now that I can fight I don't know one even messes with me. I don't I don't go on trying to pick pick fights where they want to put for some reason Like no one even tries to fight me right now. I wonder why I'm not But you know I noticed it's a beautiful bro, you know you know in Japan and Russia Brazil whatever Caratia in any country you can imagine I've been to for some reason I'm I'm by far like not a Criminal or something like that but for some reason you get you get a lot of these Gangster mafia type guys that are fans and you end up hanging out these guys and happen to Russia I'm not glorifying anything But these guys you really have no other gangsters these guys are powerful These are powerful guys you want to anger and also jocco himself Navy suit you hey jocco what do you do? I'm an investor Jocco were you in the Navy? Yes, I was in the Navy jocco what did you do in the Navy? Well, I Okay, I was a seal Whereas maybe a 19 year old kid who wants to be a seal will be like I'm gonna be as you know He's gonna say it and a young fighter or Or someone wants to be a fighter to be like yeah, you are my U.S. fighter you get a really established fighter is not Not gonna usually say I'm a fighter I break those arms and not use that way also Some of the richest people I know you wouldn't know the rich because But I've met girls diddy girls who they have one nice dress Their pores hell, but they look they look like their rich when they're going out They're trying really hard to look rich, right so it's interesting how How when when you understand things more it's like I don't think you have to The sounds corny to prove it. I think you just you know a higher understanding about that the the Confrontational A few my bees I've talked about how when you blow with someone you've never rolled with before you meet someone And as soon as you make contact with them as soon as you clinch up with them you can tell what's up You can you can kind of tell Like okay, this is gonna be this guy knows what he's doing this because this person doesn't really know Or they're okay or wait a second I'm not 100% sure but I'm gonna find out pretty quickly. Remember Sasha Dude his aura was strong yeah, this is ways strong Such as like she's like shrek Funnily yeah, no he's creation. She's broke if if you got strec and like took away his green skin but like a pill Polar bear white skin on yeah, it looks like a shrek and he actually he wouldn't mind me saying this because not only it was this full name I'm he was quote-hop's main training partner and He didn't speak English he speak Spanish he served us on prison time in Spain for Affelony let's say okay and so we were talking to Spanish all time and he came to San Diego Is that how you met him? Yeah that guy You know the first time I trained with him at crowcops gym Chrome has a gym under his house is full gym with a case Sasha ways That 230 probably dude he's got a ways in that his head I've knack on the size of this table five foot but it's five foot nine ten, you know and he has real good hands That guy's hardcore he was what's up with his head and his Come on, he was like yeah, I know me It is great guy. I don't think he and Croca In touch anymore. I'm not really for some reason Me and Corop don't talk so much anymore but he was the resident Grappling guy slash coach training partner so I arrived and I'm like I'm kind of like the new guy like a This dude that he looks at me and there was that little bit of like okay, this is the new guy. Yeah, and we trained and he got me in and Well an armlocked behind the head and I'm like I'm not tapping this and I got it and I got him and I'm like I should adapt to that Because it was the first time eating him. I'm not gonna I don't want to yeah, and he's probably doing the same thing We're gonna be in real good friends He's a better wrestler than me and a better boxer than me and he has good submissions, but my hand is hand You hit it I just part of me you hit his head Can I hurt your hand? You'll just take you wanting to blink his eye. He's really confident guys solid. Yeah, so you get some freaks like that And a bowling ball a fury. Yeah, what should be Genners focused on in Gjitsu Finally a good coach is imperative Because you need some kind of direction and in the end or hopefully sooner than later you start developing your own way Even if it's a little a little variation of what your coach is saying Maybe it doesn't have to be some champion someone you connect with you can hear Not listen you can hear what they're saying because someone I might I might say something And under the Garamau would say the same thing and a slight variation it will make sense Maybe he says over me and vice versa. I bet people both ways starting you know something that you will say Meant more sense or something that someone else said The same exact thing but said in a different way so finding a coach is really important Also, well humility will be taught by itself. Yeah So that goes without saying I was tell people relax There we go. Yeah, of course relax of course, but that's difficult for a beginner Because you don't want it relax. You want to win that's why I tried make it so Evident that that's the most important thing you should do you know a lot of people also ask me like what schools I live in Cleveland. I live in Tito Yeah, what school should I go to and I think one thing that people should realize these days The days of like hey, there's some shitester that's running around saying he's a black belt There's not a lot of those guys left anymore because we did not as just overtaken almost I think it just get called out So I think if you go to a place that has a website that lists the instructors names The instructors maybe show some of their competitive history They show their lineage of where they got their black belt from so if you can't put that stuff on the internet You can't say I got my my black belt from hoiler Gracie and not if you didn't and expect to have like Expect to get away with that so you know who Rafael Tori was he was a keen yeah, yeah, so that's back Robin they were like yeah So he said I can he drive me out to the forest. I have a comidate to go to and they drove him out there and he got out All the stuff went the forest and came back like three hours later. It was like a trophy. He was like the next day Yeah, or like in the like yeah One that was Joe Rogan that was a Joe. We're Eddie probably And yeah, I beat him guy. I'm paraphrasing by the way. So yeah, that guy was yeah, and he had he had fixed fights It's like he fought a student. It was yeah work. He was a work. It's about 15 years ago force he's in prison now. Yeah, so that guy this is an example of what it used to be like a guy could Show up somewhere Yeah, put a black belt on and be like yeah, I'm a I'm a black belt. I got my black belt. There's like trained down there for four years and I'm a black belt And I won this and I won that he didn't win anything and he was just a liar But these days I'm telling you if you find a if you find a place online It lists the instructors the instructors names are there you can Google the instructors names You can see if they've every instructor has competed at some point right? I mean if someone's I would say 95% of instructors have done some competition at some point there may be a few Very small percentage of instructors that have never competed Yeah, I don't even know if that's possible if you if you Google your instructor if your instructor is never competed I would definitely Be suspect possible, but yeah, that's not likely competition like I said it you can see how someone is in the truth Yeah, I would say one piece of advice I will give to people is okay. I'm in Cleveland Whatever or there's eight school whatever five Go to each school. Don't say you live there say I'm visiting from yeah, it's your lying But it's a white lie. Yeah, it's okay Got off for give you you say here listen I'm a white belt. I'm from Florida I'm just passing through I have no experience so you're not getting the sales pitch You know The instructors representative are as well self as they're trying to press you so we sign a contract Sign a contract is okay, but if you believe in and the instructor you'd like what you saying you like the environment because then as a visitor You're gonna see like this person not trying to sell me something you can see how they actually are and if you hear what they're saying It's making sense to you and you you vibe with the energy or let's say the style or the personality of the The instructor go to all five gyms in this and pay the day fee 20 30 bucks and try and then come back Which which one did you like best and then try it out and yes Jesus awesome because Also you're not getting hit the head. Yeah, you know, I love boxing boxing. It's awesome I've done it at high level. I've fought wheelchair I've sparked born jalski of sport co-copas part drum the banner who's also one of the best in history from France That's why I didn't the France for one month. That's high lunch so French you you uh You do get hit you get hurt and you only have one brain and it's not wrong. It's not bad It's good to know everything a little bit of something but you can actually spar and you just without kidding You can spar every day based. Yeah, unless you're injured. Yeah, so that the damage if you do get an Forced like any sport is distributed around your body wasn't boxing It's mostly your brain. Yeah, so it's okay. It's good to do all these stuff. I like it all Also grappling and assault defense scenario. I mean even if it's more than one person The fact that someone cannot easily put me on the ground if two guys grabbed me it Actually like average guys. I could actually probably just win the fight but But they're not gonna take me down that easy okay. There's some of the guys from the side I can I can throw them I can do the skate and I could leave That's something you said when you know a lot since if I decide I don't want to fight and you can't Restrain me I can leave yeah, and now days with all the lawsuits and stuff like that I mean just making a fist is ammunition for a lawyer that's that's a sign Okay, matter of fact if he had some of the open palm it's not And many jurisdictions is not the same if you were strange someone if you had to and I and I call his it Summers I I say this is a drunk uncle technique Because if you had a wedding and your uncles had too much drink and every family has one of these uncles Usually like I understand but you have to stop him He's doing something that's really let's say not not cool He's hurting someone you could hold him without hurting him He can't do that with boxing the boxing is awesome, but you can hurt someone or maybe not And I know people who have hit people and fights the guy falls it's his head and dies I know people and they're in trouble and Imagine your conscious how do you feel about that right? That's a big it's all good San Diego does surf kids surf for kids they knocked some kid out I heard about this and Not knock them out exactly that knocked it punch him in the head fell down hit his head and the curb died and and the dude You know went to prison. That's that's whatever manslaughter or murder So whereas if you would have just done a double leg and Choked the dude out which is more Kind of more humiliating. I think in a way yeah It's a where am I yeah, I'm on the beach somewhere. Yeah, that's that's a good way to do it So you find a good school. I always think that proximity is important too. Of course, you know get something close to your if you pick a school That's an hour away. You're not gonna go there's often you're gonna let's do a job Yeah, well, I always you know we always pick schools that were there were two there were two in San Diego County Yeah, yeah There's a ton of San Diego. They're all over the place though. There's jujitsu schools everywhere You know I think we've done a pretty good job of being a political yeah at our gym Just look man guess what we loved you Jitsu We loved the train Jitsu we love to teach you Jitsu we love to roll Jitsu if you Fall into any of those categories Come and train coming get it and we don't you know, that's just kind of our attitude Here's a quick story jockel you would appreciate it and I'm not gonna say his name because you know Been training here for a few years nice nice guy Actually came through me and said hey Dean I want you know I really like training with you or my coach But I was I was invited by Andre Gavall for two months to come train with them for free You know, it's that okay if I and I'm like yeah, I mean it First of all most men wouldn't ask you that do it just go do it the fact you asked me I've had he's a friend of mine. I'm like and he was like he was very surprised he thought I was gonna be mad or something But if he if he actually went and didn't say anything it would be a little awkward which has happened to us in the past like some someone does something weird It's a little bit the say not polite or not correct But that was would that be taking ownership of the problem in his mind he actually told me up front Yes me and I was like yeah right on is good and I wasn't lying either Who wasn't me being like fake jealous for that was like hey is a friend he's awesome He's a champion go I said I don't want to use a student and a friend I want you to be like I'm coming back for sure and so yeah, we're not political at all Yeah, I always found that just like it's capitalistic system in my opinion Yeah, it's like go train where you're gonna get the best training people Yes, yeah, you go capitalism like oh you you you you it's not You train where you get the best training and now there's a level of loyalty right? I mean you don't just Bale on people that you've trained with for a long time and there's a level of loyalty and that that's not like some level that you are holding a gun to someone Tadots like man you're been training with someone for a long time you keep training with them and you you have a relationship with them You know and you don't just throw that out the window because you think someone else is gonna teach you a different move or something It's not you That's not what I'm talking about But it is a capitalistic system so you go train where you're gonna get good training and and that's the way I think that's the way I feel about it Yeah, and I think if you're Somewhat confident in your ability to say the environment you create that you're a part of It's not so much about threat for someone to go train someone as everyone is not that's why I'm like cool yeah Go like it's fine because we know what we do here and Other gyms it's like yeah right on let's let's let's train Gigi it's who is my overall philosophy of all this stuff. I had a female friend We're a pretty girl and We're about the same age. It makes you as one year old in me and her first real way for I knew him to it wasn't close to him He was very jealous and she I'm gonna go out my girl and you can and she would choose a while of the girlfriends and he'd be mad and they'd make up the Infights they broke up eventually a few years later. She actually dated a guy and he was he was a cop But he was a 28 so she was 22 28 got your whole guy hit little more mature Then the guy and the She tried to pull the business with this guy. She said I'm gonna go out my girlfriend's he went. Oh, sure Have a good time and she's trying to play this game with him actually so it was equal back Of four game with proof of previous relationship and I know inside information that she was playing He was a game. Charles game and she got ready and about to leave and the guy said hey listen You know I like you like spend time with you, but I'm just saying I Had my own expectations and you know I don't really want to be with a girl who goes out all the time with a girl Friends, I mean how a good time go have a good time. She's like wait No, I don't want to go out and she didn't go out so it's funny how he actually let her go out and she didn't go out The guy said no. I don't want you going out. She went out. Of course And I'm not saying how to manipulate or but that's that's some psychology there Would there be a dichotomy there a chance A dichotomy I don't know as well. I felt like saying that word one time today. I don't know what you have to say I said they caught him a little too much, but there you go he asked me and I said by the way I wasn't planning on him. He wasn't planning out. That was actually sincere I said right on man. Have a good time and do it. It's a great training part of great great camp and I've seen his eyes it was very happy about their response. So yeah, I think it's taking ownership of the situation. That was awesome. That's good for sure. Right on. I think we've been going two hours man anything else Back when you were saying when you used to train with jacquette That's true Yeah, at Fabio's and you said he was the kind where if you guys would roll out of bounds And when you come back What do you think he would want to reset? Like what I mean is if I have let's say Experson so so so and um I have the arm on the ground. I have the cumura halfway locked up. We were all out of bounds and okay let go of it. Abba's person wants to start Where you don't have the key word on the other side. Yeah, jacquette You had two arms on my arm and I'm like well No, I'm like no, it's okay. What's no I had my arm on the ground. You had two arms on my corner cut them and then What argue to have the worst situation? Yeah, most guys want to cheat kind of yeah Like I was wondering what's up with that because if you're super competitive in training you'll pull that kind of stuff Like jacquette now Pull not he won't cheat like that, but jacquette is a little more stingy selfish Yeah, I don't think I ever had that experience where you'd want to stick or like if you'd if you'd been in inferior position We got a bounce you go against the cage or something and restart and then you want to start like even Steve No, I never had but the thing is people do that all the time So I was wondering oh maybe jacquette was like that's a lot of Any questions somewhere to the other day and I was like oh, okay I was like we got close to another Pete people that were rolling and I wasn't like a good position I think I was actually a cross side and if I could cross on you you know you You're a little bit And so and so we you know got a little close to these other people and and you know like well their foot hit hit Hammer something like that you get on so where you like we get it move and then he like kneels down Right, I was like okay, but he's a little okay, so here's the thing Let's say someone does that to you. What's the rule in your mind? Should you know you got you know you you're actually mentally in their head now are you allowed to say hey No, I had the My hands say yeah, but it's more that's like a cool and they not the need they need it Yeah, that's the equivalent of trying to I've tried to be like no you didn't have my arm all the way Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry to that's cool So by the way Stuff to that Mental note I don't know you know these themes I have like I Just finished with All for Venezuela like I just I don't know what he's crazy themes of jocco and it there's a Me up here. We have this he cop. Yes, smart. I'm talking themes Yeah, oh yeah, we'll get he does like he's one of the directors We're he'll be a vannas a whale and soccer player Or a Russian bassist Yeah, I'll talk shit with that accent, but here's like I'll manage our black jocco if you want I just get up and you can it's okay It's all right just let just tell me Dean let and jocco be like Yeah, I did it other guys before if you want me that yeah, thanks. I'm like what? I said it and now I'm like I lost my mouth bro Actually, they don't want joking. I'm joking, right? One of the best psychological or if you didn't me it was like when you acted like you didn't want to train But you were actually fired up because I had I had kind of gotten the best you the day before I think was a set of morning or something yeah, it was a morning and you're all like yeah, I don't know for oh And you're like and I got to go to soon and I was like and in my mind I'm thinking okay Cool, I'll just get a quick round you know five minute round no big deal and then he was all in the game So he'm the math. Are you there that day? He amounted me 30 minutes and was torturing me double snowing Well, that's no age. It's all my experience. Was it water torture? Chinese water torture with the drips of sweat and my year Left to mark that one One of the it's it's really jacked up. It was really jacked up that I'm a grown man I'd change it to on a regular basis. I work out I eat good food And yet you Dean Lister can't get a position on me that I can't get out of that's not cool, man I don't like that. I you have your days too. By the way, you was smart talk sometimes too You do the what arresting you that's me sometimes, but that's it You can't really shout it's retaliatory. Yeah, but they're all there There are you have you have three positions you can get on me and crush me. I'll have two Crossside and mouth. Yes, and I have two I can funny. I used to get the back I got hold on you now. I really can't hold it Yeah, but but I only have two so I can only talk smack and two Right, yeah, I'm sprawl yeah, yeah, so yeah, interesting Element of your smack talking is well sometimes it it'll transcend the mats like you can go home and get like voice mails Oh, yeah It's always It's really interesting very Great man I used to just spam his phone up I send like videos and or pictures And one of the funniest things you used to like you didn't do this like yeah, yeah Yeah, I mean Earlier today one of his ones and this is just kind of unique. I don't know why I'm like I'm just somewhere today I was filmed with the I'm like I'm a I'm gonna fuck with chocolate shock was head and I'm like I gave it position And I would go 22.5 and shockers like what though and I'd take it out like 18 and And just ran and talking just like what the fuck are you doing? I'm like no comment. I'm like 99.3 and Yeah, and Kind of be something you're head like what's he doing? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I I can play it. We turn your Your volume off and I put you on mute my head, but that was what accent is the most annoying for you Man, I don't know. I don't know what accent is this way the Russians pretty good The Russians get the mouth on you come up the ski Arnold or Armit Whatever, it's just yeah, but yeah, he gets used to it. Yeah, it doesn't impact him too much. I opt I too well, that's my siopsis. I try not to show any reaction whatsoever. That's actually funny Dave Burke was watching good deal there. Yeah good deal Dave was watching Andy and I roll and He afterwards he was like, you know, he was cool to watch you roll because First of all, like it didn't even look like Anything I've been training right because you guys are just getting crazy and he goes And I saw I saw like emotion or I saw facial Emotions on you and I was like what do you mean he's like you normally just look like The same all the time and then when you're training when I was training I was training with Andy and you always like Get some some some some places try to move and all that and So yeah, that's one of those things. That's what that's why I know that whatever I'm doing is Micro successful when you increase your sense of urgency. Yeah, you're all normal face the whole time You know about this normal face normal and then occasionally you make me scramble a little bit Yeah, you think about some because you can't that's the thing, you know you're getting to a point where I can't just allow Some little some little situation to occur because I can go to it's like the The event horizon On a black hole like oh if I let this it's done. Yeah, if I let this go it's going it's gonna go and and And the better you get The the more I got to pay attention to where that event To make sure I don't get myself an institutional where you know we got a problem on our hands You want to hear echo trial story so I Yeah, I it's back talk you a little not the same extreme It's joccal but last time we actually I was last time maybe and I'm like I didn't like you pass but I was kind of like waxed days ago like always close I went hey echo here's my arm and usually he's like there's something wrong like it's there's a trap Usually there's a trap. I was just talking smack and echo's like oh okay I'll take that arm and I'm like God damn he called my bullshit Because there's some reason these give me the arm this you know and you were like yeah I'm just gonna give me it arm Like there's a trap Like yeah, but I knew that you know because you were talking smack the whole time we're rolling a whole time 22 it's funny that for anyone that's listening that thinks that Dean might be this big smack talk or the funny thing is that You'll only On my pros yeah, yeah, yeah It's actually a lot of times when you teach moves you're like this is a move that you would only do to someone that's Very good friend of yours or someone that you hate Yeah, which is really kind of jacked up if you think about it like oh he doesn't mind grinding his elbow into my Three or my ribs because because because I'm as broke Like you'd be so he but he wanted to do it to somebody doesn't really know that well because that wouldn't be you know That's not cool, but if you if he hated me Or if he was friends with me then he'd then I'm gonna elbow us to the ribs so I try to compare me that's awesome But it and really when you really think about it Your smack talking is never ever like serious oh yeah, and it's never like oh you're creative You sure it's not that it's all your Arnold impressions or the your police man or you know all these All these things all like literally jokes, but the jokes actually kind of think they're not always that funny when it's a current to you That's the genius of it. The same I love when when the tables turn oh when the tables turn you did a cop to me if you're if you're talking smack and I can get the tables to turn All man that's when I have no mercy It's it's gotta be shocking to some people Either one of us when you know You're going wrong And I'm like this is awesome the two you do it in like in reprisal to me are The the cop you do that but in like revenge like if you get to like all right, sir I'm like content You're in my you're in the wrong neighborhood today. I'm like god damn it. I am you know I want to get out of this neighborhood. It's not cool and he also do the I'll do it to all start I'll like the fire you know like like oh that's guy here. I'll do like Bad Brazilian accent and when you can fuck you're like oh You're back to me. I'm like god damn it. I don't like you're right. I don't like how if you just like I want to reverse to wear a waist It's horrible. It was in your two. Yeah, right all man. Well like I said we've been going for a little two hours So DNA thing else not just to eight my pros here and that would have victory in man. You know like Jocco said I mean there's been some rough times and That's some some some unique things that I'd been through and you know That's how you know you have a little bro's real team stick by my side and you know help me actually You know if I can help them as well. I know they know that you know my dad he actually You know Do not bring him easy not saying he was a real good dad, but he You know I know it's not popular to say this nowadays, but it may be tough. I mean you know Hey you got a fight. Did you hi hard? Did you fight hard not oh poor you? Well You know we're gonna we're gonna make a complaint. You know I'm not making some statement saying my dad was awesome All marine right did you say that if you want to seal you with we're marine? Yeah, we were saying someone said that I'd say there's a really good percentage that if I didn't join the seal teams I would have gone in the marine corps. Yeah, I'd say that's a pretty good pretty good assessment Yes, I might my dad would kind of like how you raised the war like you know you're gonna do this and and Yeah, you don't force the war, but you kind of Encouraging did you start things and that's how my dad was that's another little torture that you do with Thor with my son with a I don't know why I go um I don't know why I just go um Eight or what's your favorite food and and he'll go like oh steak. I'll be no Anya I'll throw them down and I'll be like Speaking of blanket. He's like no, it's not you're just No, it's like everything is picking no say it hey It'll go pick it like you said it wrong say it's not seeing it Yeah, it's like and it'll be like no, okay, pick it up. No, I know It's torture Come from no ideas. It's just some of the odd of first I don't I have no idea why I just say hey and like I just think of themes You know, and then they're like oh, you kind of like the fourth time he's like all right, hey Yeah, you said it correctly So you earned the privilege of letting me like go right now Yes, that's that's yeah, all brothers guy do that, you know, it's just wait is that's how it is man That's how it is one day the pecking order will be reversed though Yeah, I know well I saw you you went to take him down whatever was what the first time Actually the finic I'm a car there is the finim missing. I went to double like I'm like good He actually said it's good I know I like oh yeah, I had to turn it up the hood Awesome man well, uh echo it looks like I think uh Everyone's gonna be training you to do now She's yeah, everyone is gonna get on that path how can we get on that path to stay on that path? Yeah, whatever unless you like that. Yeah, so you do too if you do ghee which we recommend We recommend for you no ghee Really okay, so ghee is absolutely you get an origin ghee get origin 100% no you need to have to drop Oh, there's someone that don't rip at all or something like that. I don't know that they rip I've never seen witness one rip ever I've never witnessed one even come close to ripping or even they have been the sound of ripping sounds By the way, that's an investment because jocca hummiki is how we gone through like a lot of keys. Yeah, so yeah, I've ripped someone's ghee in a match by the way I guess hey awesome Yeah, I think you taught me that anyway get origin ghee that's the you made all made in America from the thread from the cotton All the way to the actual ghee all made in America a symbol in America and also if you're gonna train no ghee Yeah, which we also recommend right? Yes, you do fully you can get a A rash guard which is very good for training to get to it because it's Compression and it doesn't get caught up toes fingers Thank you so you can get that yeah, true the the rash guards and they are also made 100% in America Yeah, so what we go is you where you go is online origin mean dot com it's in Maine And yeah, you can get sweat shirts, you know light style stuff Paral, real cool stuff I said it I said it I said it I believe that one All right is lifestyle bread. You get to transcend the mats once you find the way broadly See it and all things I don't think I see that I don't think I see the way in John I'm just saying It's gonna be your lifestyle is what I'm saying you see what I'm saying you do know something Yeah, there you go boom also supplements okay Jocco has supplements good news Jocco has supplements. Oh, yeah, you had uh, sired your new shoulder same day I had surgery by the way actually thanks for for He gave me milk milk some some gear. Oh, I'm not here. What joint more nutrition. Yes. Yeah, so that's gonna help You see like mine is wave remember, okay. I did my other side too my buddy. Yeah, yeah, this one's healing way faster Like night and day way crazy faster anyway joint warfare so supplements Jocco has Thankfully joint warfare glucose to mean conjoining you know grappling we always kind of knew about that Oh, curcumin and then also Jocco super krill oil Which is good for your joints? This is the joint lubrication omega 3 is what not other good benefits for that to organs and you can get discipline Yeah, not just regular discipline but a supplement call a discipline Which is good for the Pre-mission situation Dave Burke good deal Dave He's on the discipline. Yeah, it's a lot so here's the thing about discipline go sit. Okay, so I'm like all right That's not every day deal for me this. Oh, so I'm like cool. Oh, yeah, you know cool. I'm down So I'm like all right, so let me do the three scoops. Oh, you did I heard some good things about the three scoops. So I did the three scoops and and here's the thing I wasn't like tired or nothing like that. I wasn't like oh, I need to specifically Let me do the three scoops good for your use the side get on the program. You know this got to do it So I get in three scoops boom. I go and here's one thing that like I Wasn't necessarily trying to pay attention to am I remembering am I sharp? I wasn't trying to really pay an attention to that I was just gonna take it and be like it. What happens is what I noticed what stuck out to me my patience Like you know when it's just increase in increase in life So like that's it. You you might think that your patients would go down Because you're all But you don't get that way. It's not cap it's I mean it's slightly caffeinated micro dose a caffeine But it's not no like maybe maybe caffeine might make you like that maybe but um like cuz it's not that I don't I don't know what the mechanism is that may be patient but I really know how like through the day you'll get you know How to get tested things won't go your way or whatever I felt like oh man. It's all good like man. So there's some softening in there that's giving you emotional discipline Yeah, like it's like making my mind like Pro solve problems rather than like be all you know you have little micro reaction the inside internally I mean I'm not bad. I don't know what I'm just It felt like I could manage that like really good It was like really easy to manage that is what it felt like on the three scoops That's my three scoops. That's what happened boom Discipline moch Oh, I'm a walk is that biking? There's something like it's actually a word that I literally created so we were testing to make something and I was like Hey man, this has to taste really good and it has to have a great profile nutritionally and when we when I finally got the sample where I wanted it and Pete and I look like oh yeah, that's so good. They sent me my nose like oh it's so good And I'm thinking well, it's not even a protein drink. It's something else It's it's milk It's just a word. So it's not a protein drink, but it happens to have 22 grams of protein in one's curskoo and taste like like a forever Probiotics or something to has probiotics You know It's not fair And peanut butter Chocolate is now also available It's a big hit in my household but about mine too Like it's fine. That's all I had to eat today by the way. I had a milk triple milk shake Mulk but some heavy cream in there too. Not a lot. It's a little bit of nine And then Oh, I know I had a worry bar too, but that's all I had to do Brown on a milk train The milk train is big. Yeah, it's like it's like a protein supplement and a dessert So if you're like hey, I'm lifting I'm rolling I'm working out hard You eat dinner you can have a dessert boom. That's a protein supplement right there. Yeah Double butter not Okay, I the mint is delicious, but let's face it. I've been drinking nothing but mint milk For whatever how long it's been released for So now all of a sudden I've got a little Option yeah the new yeah, it's new you know the new exciting It is new, but it's also just You know Here's what's here. I'll tell you what when you open up either one of those two and you smell them You know you know you know you know you know you know things are about to get real good Real ready the one of them. It's a vanilla next time Where working vanilla work yeah, I have some vanilla you like vanilla for oh yeah No kidding Yeah, I made the vanilla I gave it to my son. He's two by the way and I think he thought it was like a for real milk Like a dessert and he's like oh he's all like crying for it. I have a video I sent it to Pete for real it's funny by the way and then that was vanilla it's not just gonna be vanilla though Got to be vanilla something it's vanilla gorilla It is for real There you go. Poo Pete was like are you serious and I was like yeah, I mean of course It was what do you mean I said put a white gorilla on there the vanilla gorilla It's come at I would expect so much from Jacques Yeah, makes sense. Yeah, so we took a picture of you Dean and put But you want here you don't have vanilla gorilla Like Makes sense. Hey the immersion camp by the way that Dean will be at And I would say come but if you didn't already sign up you're not gonna be there because uh it's sold out Okay, the official sold out the official sold out we do it next year. We'll try and get you know Come next year. We'll try and expand it a little bit but it's sold out So next time yeah, but those are fun. I'm oh, but I talk about that with People very often stay gonna go Anyway, it's good also good way to support and support yourself and represent boom three things Chocolate the store called jocco store So you go to jocco store.com Right, makes right anyway. This is where you can get the shirts Hoodies more rashguards more jocco representative, you know kind of a little bit more direct message on that one But some good stuff you want to represent Yeah, go there jocco store down trackers hats. Yeah, that's good Whatever flex fit hats flex fit the new vol snap back new vol chic That's what flex fit our new vol chic yeah Hoodies legit hoodies and lightweight hoodies. Yeah, the lightweight hoodies here's the thing But you made me like stutter step on the lightweight hoodies so like I have them and I'm but if they're not like in the pipe Okay, but we're good keep out of the pipe. I want the Not they're going on the pipe. No, there's people that there's there is people there are people A lot of support have wasted yeah everyone you know why Sir A bunch people in Florida Sure, yeah, no Texas sometimes too But yeah, that's a good way to support and represent like I said jocco store.com Also good way to support is to subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already seems obvious I know but on iTunes and Stitcher Real obvious in school cool saying this for 137 episodes and I think I even say it seems obvious Everything you say it seems obvious which makes it more obvious which makes yeah exactly right We went for any more seems obvious because sale of time and that's just kind of how with podcasts You subscribe to the podcast that's how I want to think that you when you say things a certain way and then Then you just think that's the best way to say it. You're just gonna keep saying yeah Yeah, I think I don't think it kind of thing Even though it kind of is broke because you look at me like it's broke everything with time Either way when you're signing up for podcasts don't forget that there's also the one your kid podcast Yeah, and you can subscribe to that one too. You can play it for kids. There's some stories on there There's some Q&A for Uncle Jake Which you know it's good. Yeah, I like the story so okay those stories I have this I shorten it sometimes but all those stories I told my daughter before you know you have bedtime stories You know now you have a story now. Yeah, you know how like right you make yourself the first person Character or do you save this out of an Uncle Jake? No, I don't need I actually don't even say Uncle Jake So how do you make those different names? Oh, I make a different names. Yeah, yeah, she thinks she's buying that Yes, she's like you rip this off from joggers She's like that come on. Where you at no no no she knows and here's thing They're interesting. We're running a race. Okay. No, I don't say me no I don't say me. I say look there's this girl you owe me money Yeah kind of like a royalty like scenario But you Someone else is running the race. You say it's a story about somebody Yeah, he was the important thing and hasn't she heard the warrior kid podcast? No. Oh, you know you evil You hold now and you're taking my stories and now you're making of your own and one day She's gonna this would be like so she stole this story from you daddy. What's bad is I didn't realize those doing that but technically that is what I What happened? That's called blooded but either way if they don't hear those stories on the podcast for whatever reason Because you're home now it's over whatever or what have you You have stories to tell and you know they're gonna come with that lesson. That's what I think is yet another element of value immense value We threw some of those stories on the yeah on the YouTube channel yes the jockel podcast YouTube channel and there's a warrior kid podcast or YouTube channel so go to YouTube Subscribe that if you want to see echoes legit videos which apparently he has some in the hopper That is gonna be releasing so we're looking forward to that as well Which should be good yeah get them out there. I think so also on it Okay on it calm flash jockel this is where you can get your kettlebells I got some heat for calling them artistic kettlebell actually wasn't called them that for Yeah, it wasn't it wasn't he it was like an inch or an offering what are Just to get a little like primal bells the ones that look like faces on them Yeah, yeah, I'm talking from on it It's like he gets it yeah, they're the gorilla For the word because I think right there but don't even think brother the best For you can just can just do you do can I just do yeah, I'll show the What the bring around one yeah, so you get the the where will form is way better Yeah, all right even looks but anyway they're cool and and you get it from on it so there's that I got rings and there's a bunch of other Cool workouts Yeah, but if they look awesome that's even more awesome Well, it's all the regular ones too, but that's a lot of information to And the website on it dog class psychological or psychological warfare and we're working on the second album But that's on iTunes if you want to hear me talking about When to get after instead of being a little baby and succumbing to your own pathetic Horrible Lazyness And we think Cool yeah, there's that yeah, there's there's white tea yeah, jocquaity in canstue by the way if you like tea in a can or if you just like the whole idea of holding a can And you know like can you do with energy drinks or whatever? Jp told me today he's at court. Can you just pay me in jocquaity? Cuz you know he's an excellent front and I'm like brother We can make it happen He's ordering jocquaity which is awesome like I said it's awesome because As I said last time jp used to get on those energy And now he's just getting on a little jocquaity deans been hammering the jocquaity and You're also an energy drink guy That yeah those those were the days where wasn't regulated you know Speaking oh yeah The fedra tea It's not drink. Not good for you. Hey, do you drink tea like in normal like everyday life? Are you a drinker? Yeah, that's weird right me too, but I pound knees I pound these all the houses I stop using like the red ball type stuff. That's not really yeah, and when this is like a transition I had a Like an energy type drink the other day and because I was driving and I needed a little energy and it was like one of those ones And it said you know like all the all the little buzzwords on it healthy natural blah blah blah So I drink this thing and all the sudden 30 minutes later. I feel like I'm gonna start stabbing like the road with the battle axe and attacking people I go water it had 200 milligrams of caffeine 200 milligrams of caffeine. Yeah, it's gonna get you Bro, what are you doing? Don't get me all that are you psycho? Yeah, you're right. It's their fault. Yeah. Yeah, you're right You're right. It's all their fault. I your fault that's up. Oh good How's this so my wife she's on the path my wife big time actually now just like boom on the path So I listen to that podcast I looked on her phone and it has the podcast and she's a kind of a game And that's a kind of her so yeah, I'm listening to podcast. It's not that she's like this Her own kind of my own kind of thing. I'm like all mad so I'm like okay the other day Okay, this is just and this was made this may have to start maybe three four weeks ago right in the game So the other day I hear I'm like in the side not in the next room but kind of like to the side I'm not in her visual like so her you know people No, I'm not saying my way talks to herself. I'm not saying that but you know how you say something He's like oh you made a mistake just kind of under your breath kind stuff She's like no She pops another one of these can she's like I love this stuff Oh, I'm not to me she was like on her like popping them and yeah, she's she's pounding this this stuff So it's interesting I ask who the thing she is kind of a tead drink her right she likes like the tea If you okay if it was a blind double blind test and You just you just came into a room and you'd never drank this before and you picked up a cup Somebody put it in your hand and put it in your mouth. Would you say it was tea? I would but I'm not like a hey That's that's tea. You know, I'm not a tea drinker. That's why I was that's if you're drinking Because I know it like tea if you drink tea, but if it was just if it was just like you in a store in grab the can you open You be like oh, this is interesting you wouldn't maybe necessarily know it was tea. Maybe yeah Well don't say that in England the cold tea is like That's really weird. Yeah, it's evil over there. Yeah. I think it's yeah. Oh, it's bad thing. Okay. No, they just don't drink it They drink their tea warm and we're hot and with milk in it. Do you put milk in that? No Right seems like like a psycho thing to do with this Don't do that unless good. Hey. I got some books way to warrior kid books for your kid There's one of them. It's called way the warrior kid the second one that series is called marks mission Got the discipline equals freedom field manual If you need to know how to get after it That's where you find out how to get after it the audio version that book you get it on iTunes as an MP through your Amazon music or Google player whatever also got extreme ownership That's about combat leadership written by me and my brother, Dave Babin and on September 25th The dichotomy of leadership comes out the dichotomy of leadership. It's a follow-up Life and I wrote it follow-up to extreme ownership Dives in and gets granular on how to balance the opposing forces of leadership so that you and your team Can win dichotomy you like the word. Yeah Things are smiling. No, I was waiting for you to say it actually I said it once I only said it once this podcast which is weird because I should have said it once because in jujitsu You've got to be aggressive, but there's dichotomy because you can't be due aggressive You got to be offensive, but at the same time you've got to also there's a dichotomy because you got to be defensive Right you got to train with the ghee, but there's dichotomy because you've also got to train with the off-degged Right Yeah, so there's a dichotomy that he and no ghee both are very important. Yeah, so you've got to do it Leadership consultant company echelon front we solve problems through leadership whatever problem you have at your company of your team It's a leadership problem. I'm telling you that right now. It's a leadership problem On some level to leadership problem if you want help with that you got me, life babbin jpg Denail Dave Burke Flynn Cochran and Now Mike's Rely as well and That's what we do. We come work with your company and get those leadership problem solved Which will solve whatever inherent problems are within your team your company your business Master 006 in San Francisco California October 17th and 18th all the other ones have sold out This one is apparently on track to sell out even faster than all the other ones So if you want to come to that go to extremownership.com get registered. We'll see you up there leadership seminar two days of Grant your practical Leadership it's not it's not a motivational You can do this and I'm not saying you won't be motivated because I get motivated But we're not there going like how can we motivate these people? That's not even that that that words not even said at any point Yeah at all neither is you can do it. Yeah, you don't need they you ever say that ever no But without the strength today you are strong person you believe in yourself You are great That's not what's happening That is not what is happening. We we talk about leadership and leadership is the most important thing on the battlefield It's the most important thing in your business and it's the most important thing in your life So if you want to come and learn some pragmatic leadership skills then come to the master Also for current law enforcement Military border patrol firefighters paramedics first responders all you out there in uniform We got roll call number Zero zero one it's our first roll call where having roll call because the mustard's two days It's pricey and we wanted to offer something to military law enforcement to the folks out there in uniform To come and get a condensed version focused on the dynamic leadership situations that you all face that's September 21st in Dallas, Texas you also register for that at extremotorship.com and Also we now have EF overwatch echelon front overwatch EF overwatch.com. Okay, so this is it we've been working with companies for all these years All these years we've been working with all these various different companies and all these companies we work with them And help their leadership well they want to hire leaders they want to bring leaders on board We were also in the military all of us additional on front we're in the military and we have connections with a lot of people that we're in the military that That want to go work at jobs with great companies so in order to connect those two groups people at want jobs and And people that need leaders in their business Go to ef overwatch.com to get in the game and you can either register as someone that's looking for a job to focus on Special ops folks and combat aviation Those types of what we're looking at right now We're gonna broaden that out and and put together another company in the very near for another arm of this company And But that's where we're starting because that's that's basically the reason we're starting there's because that's the Element that we have connections with and so as we expand and we're working this right now to get the lines of communication Open in the other branches of the military so that we can bring on board You know other folks, but again, this is we started with the groups that we know so if you're in those groups Go register if you're getting ready retire if you're looking at getting out and you don't know what you're gonna Do next we need leaders America needs leaders these businesses need Experience leaders that understand the principles we talk about the principles that are in extreme ownership The things that you learned in combat the things you learned leading troops on the battlefield Your skills are needed so hit us up efoverwatch.com Get registered get in the game and we'll get you Get your next mission talk about having your next mission all the time We will get your next mission you got a bunch of companies that are They need you and if you want to spend some time with us virtually Until we're rolling Until we're rolling at the master or the rolling In Texas or rolling at the immersion camp until then we're all up on the inner webs dean Dean Mr. Dean is at On Instagram Dean is at Dean Mr. BJJ That's right On Twitter you might not even remember this on Twitter your dean underscore Lister I looked up to see If you had Twitter you had a post you your your last post was in 2010 oh okay Did Twitter exist in 2000? I'm not even kidding. I thought Twitter was like three years old no That's there's a bit around that long when was it invented? Obviously before 2010 Makes sense. No, it's got new that yeah, well because you just kind of said you didn't know You know, I'm on good yeah One three years ago factually and Facebook you do you do Facebook yeah more yeah, you do Instagram Yeah, it's again more now Facebook there's there's one is like a fan you know they make the audition rate won't for you If you find us you whatever if you have a certain amount of friends I bet personal one It's me my mom my sister in the cage and there's a There was it all I want I don't know who it was me and remember you made me now you didn't make me but you asked me to set you up one like Yeah, but there's another one another one top of that. That's someone it's actually post things about me But what's there? I mean one it's just Dean Lister like Nister yeah, it's just that's me in a cage with my mom Assistant yeah, right on yeah, but I don't and that's where you can find us of course echo is that echo Charles in all Mediums. Yeah, I am at joccon will like echo you got anything else. No pretty cool to hang with Dean in this Capat you know like I see every literally every time I come here pretty much yeah literally pretty much I see we know whatever yeah by the way you're My first actually your class was my third you did see class really Yeah, I'm a trillist yeah, in that half Yeah, you were strong back then too You heard him tell that so like he thought he could take you kind of yeah, yeah, I told him to stir it like a couple Them yeah, I mean kicknets. No, well, no, okay, so the mean kicknets story is different so it was like When I for the first time I ever rolled with you you were like hey, I come roll like you know And I was like how how how this is literally what I thought how embarrassing is it kind of be and how awkward is it gonna be if like I get Dean today Like that's all what I was thinking now I was literally not just it wasn't like this fantasy I was literally worried about the awkwardness So that's how really it was to me I didn't I'm not saying I was gonna get you but to me there was a chance But I was like yeah, it's okay, you know, he'll respect that if that happened Sometimes we didn't well put him right kind of right when you you know how you're saying right when you locked up And this is uh, now this was maybe like a week five or something yeah, so this may be like a week or two into due to Right even then right when we locked up I knew okay that there is zero chance of me beating Dean Yeah, or that's maybe when Dave Burk came on and we were talking about top gun and how like He he he said it up really nice thing. He's like only if you had a guy that was really good But I want this whole thing. He's like then his chance of beating You know me as a top gun instructor would be zero Zero percent there's no and that's kind of the situation. Yes, there's literally I'm saying there's actually no possible way No possible way that you could have submitted Dean Lister no possible way and I knew that like literally Right when we locked up and I was like okay and it was And even at that point even before this was like when you were in pride This was like right after you won up or maybe right before no no it's right before you won ADCC Man right after I don't know I remember one day you came in everyone cheered for you because it's the first You know you were like you're maybe like when I face she's like my shadow and the superfight maybe Yes, that's what it was actually yep. No, that's what you face I was locked my shadow in the superfight so we had complete a who's an awesome guy came up to help train you And so we were all training you and we were all training with you and and When we got to the fight this is the this is the difference in attitudes right so we got to the match I won't call the fight because it's not a fighter to match and you were going to get to John Jack Machado who's a you know legendary legendary Gitu player and When you got to like a dominant position and you were up by life like Yeah, you're up by like three or four times like go for the videos like oh Hold right there hold you got this you know like that type of thing strategic one Presence yeah, stick by their and I'm going Fidgety That day was a good day. It was funny you right before the match because we were trained for like three weeks You know and a pretty old right before match because he didn't want to talk to you He said in English section he went just so you know I came down here to help you and If you don't win today, I've let you down and I feel like I'm a like whatever I was like it's like so if you lose I lose also and you know I really hope you win and I'm like damn to the pressure, you know Was that owner? I don't want to let's catch Like you down if I'm not I don't want to you down That's me sorry. I'm sorry. I'm pretty good. I worked yeah, but yeah, that was uh yeah, that was it those good It's good boy. It's because my point is cool to hang with you in this capacity You know slightly different but I just mentioned the first responders I think for them most important Get on the mat if you Any kind of first body you deal with erratic people. I think it's really good It does take some Some measure to put yourself in the situation where you are you will be weaker than people to get stronger But I think it's very important. I think that's I see more seals on the mat I do cops I think cops need more and then then a seal you know So I hope to see more of this for first responders on the mat learning this kind of stuff. It's It's really valuable definitely and I look forward to the immersion camp. You know the fourth of the map again Look forward. Awesome and well Obviously thanks coming on Dean how do we've been putting this off for a while and I'm sure you'll be back on again and we'll talk more Juicy stories and thanks everyone else out there for listening and and especially those of you that were the uniform So yeah, you know military police firefighters border patrol paramedics other first responders We know that all of you makes sacrifices every day to protect us and we Absolutely thank you for that and like Dean I also hope that all you and all those jobs Find some time to train some jujitsu Because it'll make you better at your job, but it'll make you better at life and if you can't find jujitsu Find some boxing or some judo or some resting or some mojitai or Some way to train so that you can fight when the time comes And and really that goes to everyone that is listening to this If you can get out there fight Get out there fight fight literally And fight metaphorically in your everyday life fight against the enemy fight against the criminals Fight against fire and catastrophe fight against your training partners fight against your weakness Fight against sloth fight against laziness and stagnation and fight to stay on the path and live in a Corden's with the way By getting out there and Getting after it and Until next time this is Dean and echo and jocco out