 This is Jockel podcast number 225 with echo Charles and me jockel willing good evening echo good evening Last month I went to a memorial service And it was the first memorial service that I had been to For a long time that wasn't For a seal It was the first memorial service that I had been to for a long time that was for someone who died of Natural causes A memorial service for someone that had actually lived their full life expectancy 80 80 years or maybe 82 years or 83. I don't I don't remember the exact number Which is kind of interesting in its own right because when someone that's younger dies Then everyone talks about their age No everyone says he was only 26 so we was just 28 years only 32 They not been to far too many Funerals and memorial services like that Fartumany Funerals where the morning that is taking place is about What is never going to get done? Potential that wasn't reached The life that was cut short, but this this memorial was for the Patriarch of a group of families who are friends with my family And this man this old man had three sons who are friends of mine And those sons all have kids and all our kids grew up together and we Have done a lot over the years surfing and Camping and climbing and playing music Playing music around the campfire or in the in the little studio And I actually known these guys for For over 20 years and because I knew them I knew their old man too And the old man was You know he was a stud in his own right He was going strong he was an athlete he was an entrepreneur He likes sports and beer and rock and roll and Late nights Again this guy was an older guy you know 75 78 80 years old in his later years and then he poured everything he could into his family Into his kids and into their kids And he was a good man And he lived a good life and their memorial service was You know a small kind of private affair You know there was probably I don't know 70 or 80 people there You know all the extended family of all the kids and then friends the family and some of his friends and it was Was a nice service and I I said a few words And I kind of you know told a funny story I you know his his son, his bow his sons, it's bowing his wife it's bowing it was is emotional and I You know I I Took the opportunity to lighten the mood a little and What I talked about as I talked about how he he would listen When his sons and me would play music Back in the day And we would play for hours and he would listen for hours and and and listen when I talk about Us playing music. I'm talking about us just Just just jamming and riffing and We're talking about songs that are 15 or 20 or 30 minutes long just Just songs that are just meandering through Riffs and bridges and versus and Going from just droning heavy thunder to like quiet Acoustic jams and All these different songs to be played just one time and one time only Just Impro improv improv and They're hard to follow and they're hard to understand and You know he and he would stay down there and he would just listen and he would rock out with us this This old man And He You could see it in his face he loved it He loved listening to us And you know look his sons are all awesome musicians And I'm the I'm the kind of not so awesome musician But even the best musicians you know when you're just kind of making stuff up as you go along It's not gonna be It's not something that's super easy to listen to and he would listen to us with no expectations no criticism He would enjoy it for what it was Which Which was imperfect which was off time which was maybe a little out of tune And He would listen to it with a big smile on his face And later it got me thinking About how often How often do we look at things that are going on around us and how often do we think if only that was a little bit different If only that was a little bit more in tune if only that timing was a little bit tighter if only If only this had happened a little bit sooner that had happened a little bit later We're constantly picking apart what we see And that's a little lesson Listen We'll lessen I learn from the old man Because in the end even after eight years or 90 years or a hundred years One thing we're gonna still want is a little more time I Even forever is too short So Don't waste too much time wishing and hoping and wanting for things to be different Instead sometimes You just gotta sit back and you gotta smile Then you gotta enjoy the jam And listen to the music for what it is imperfect out of tune off time But real And with that It has been a while Since we've done a Q and A echo trills So Let's rock and roll Jam, sir what do we got Q and A various questions From the inner web all right first question Jockel I failed to understand a task that was given to me I take ownership that I didn't ask the right questions But extreme ownership applies to my boss too as she didn't make sure that I understood it correctly Or is that a part excuse? Oh So Optimally In the world of extreme ownership everybody takes ownership and there are and I talked about this with when Dave Burke was on good Yes Is that the it's interlocking fields of fire so the various people that are trying to find solutions they overlap And and problems get solved from two different directions so the problems get flanked when this is happening But we can't guarantee always that Everybody takes ownership And we can't guarantee that but that doesn't mean that we point our fingers at someone say you need to take ownership because As I as we know when you do that people get defensive and then they start blaming you so we avoid that what we do is We take ownership so what happens here in this situation? It here's the possible outcomes right if if you go to your boss and you say to her You know you didn't make sure I understood right you go cast that blame There's a there's a decent chance that she says well you actually didn't you actually need to pay attention That's not on me and if you don't understand you need to ask questions so nothing she doesn't change anything She hasn't changed anything and you by the way you've created a little bit of an antagonistic relationship here because you're point the finger So that doesn't really help Now here's another possible outcome You know you go and you say hey look I Failed to make sure that I Understood this task Do you mind next time if I give you a quick read back of what I think the task is to make sure that I understand it? Right so I'm taking full ownership like this is on me. I need to do this and now what your more likely to get in this situation is You know the boss to say You know, of course absolutely You know what next time Let me make sure I give you more detailed explanation so that you have a better understanding that's on me and all of a sudden we've got this problem Getting solved from Two directions now there's also a chance That when you say hey when you when you say something you know hey let me let me Let me do a read back with you you might say all that she goes yeah cool you she should do that whatever Pay more attention in which case right so she's not taking any ownership. She's like yeah, you should have Which is the big fear of people always having their head though when when I say something's my fault people go. Yeah, it is and now they wait a second She's supposed to work like that yes, it is Because When you take ownership of the problem and I go you know what I should have asked you question she goes yeah, you should have and you go Yep, exactly that's what I just said and now you ask questions and now you make sure you fully understand the task and now the problem solved Hmm so yeah, I think when you ask that question you had the suspicion What did you say? Is that a poor excuse so you had the suspicion that was that you were maybe perhaps Unfortunately making a little bit of an excuse but You're correct. It is a poor excuse take ownership. Hey in an ideal world They'll peep person above you in the chain of command takes ownership as well, but you can't you can't force them to take ownership So solve the problem take ownership and get it solved Kind of I mean kind of when you think of it do you and this actually maybe I'll follow up question Maybe when you think about it when you have the expectation reasonable or not the expectation that other people have to take ownership to Isn't that essentially Negating your whole extreme ownership? Yes, whether negates it or not. I don't know your hope is look the hope is when I say or start taking ownership Other people to start taking ownership as well, but I can't necessarily control that I can't force them to take ownership You know I can I can say hey that's your part of the project you should have done it. They go okay Well, whatever. I don't think so right that there's a me forcing ownership on you doesn't really work What I should do is take ownership what I hope is when I take ownership of your part of the project you go Hey, Jocco you know what that's actually something that's actually my department. Let let me let me take that That that's something I should be running. I go. Okay cool great. So you just took ownership But if you don't take ownership Roger that I got it and I'm running it yeah, and the genuineness Where this is this was a question like that Kind of you get guys who get ask a lot like put you know when you know it would a lot of times be about the other person taking ownership Oh, right which is crazy But yeah, you you kind of have that hope you actually do have that hope yes, sure But the actual like expectation that you know where like an expectation is there that can be let down I can't be mad at you right when you don't take ownership look I guess I can't be mad at you, but it doesn't help right yeah, you know if if you were supposed to write a script for a For a freaking advertisement that we were gonna do for Whatever, I'm trying to think of something cool If we're gonna do an advertisement and you were supposed to write a script and then we show up and you didn't do it and I'm like you know what Hey, let me we'll come back tomorrow. I'll go home and write a script and you're like you what I would like you to say No, hey, you know what chocolate it's actually I'm supposed to write the script for this whatever. I'll do it And I go okay cool, but if you don't do that you go okay cool going to the script I I have to say okay go got it finally do some work now. What do I learn? I learn that you're really not in the game And now I'm probably gonna start looking for someone else's right scripts Which isn't you which is actually give me some good ideas Yeah, that genuineness though, right to with yourself. Yes, that's like if I'm just doing it If I'm just doing it because I'm if I'm just doing it to get echo to do it and I really don't want to take ownership of it Well, yeah, it's not what we're talking about. It's gonna jam you up big time It's gonna jam you up big time. In fact it's not just mad. Yeah, that's what I was saying It's kind of a step backwards really like as far as problem solving within the team kind of thing But yeah, you're gonna be mad and resentful so I mean No one's like no one's doing their work no one's taking responsibility no one's written you're essentially in the same boat But just one you one step behind You kind of like the problem is the opposite. Yeah, I mean you can take this out to the end of the grie as well Where I start taking ownership of so many tasks that I can't handle them all right that you can do that right and then then you go well You know what we're not doing this over here It's always why don't we get in that done cuz I don't have the capacity because here's what I'm doing I'm doing these other 19 things so that 20 of thing. It's not happening now if you want to take ownership of it and make it happen cool You got my sport, but if not it's not happening Yeah, and that's okay Yeah, it's almost like when you kind of visualize it mentally it's like there's like levels and the extreme ownership is always on the top So Certain developments can happen you can take extreme ownership and then like make certain moves and it'll jam it up even more just because of the moves You may not because you took extreme ownership or took responsibility It's cuz some moves that you made in proud solving problems, which is all natural But at the end of the day it is on you like you have to take responsibility You have to truly say I'm gonna take ownership. Yeah, and believe it so that again that genuineness to be like this is my Responsibility genuinely yes, it's yes, it's easy to be like the good example is when someone says well You know one of my subordinates made a mistake and of course, of course I get it just I take on the street one of the good. Yeah, but really it was there fall. Yeah, you know That's where it doesn't work. Yeah, and actually know what speed the next question is similar We should jump into the next question Just It's gonna lead us down the same path of similar conversations Okay, next question very similar here. It is my confusion is everyone takes ownership at what level does that end? theoretically the president is a commander in chief so could take extreme ownership Who decides who gets fired? How does that decision get made is that an example of extreme ownership? Yeah, so again, this is where we start Looking at what this looks like when does it stop when something goes wrong right when does it stop? So I was trying to apply this to my life, so with the blue on blue right that I had so Fratur side Ramadi friendly fire incident And I took ownership of it now you got to remember also people below me in the chain of commands that knows my fault No, it was my fault. It was my fault The quote you know now you could say you could look at my boss and go well, why wouldn't you why wouldn't your be your boss's fault? Why wouldn't it be His boss's fault why wouldn't it be there? Why wouldn't you take that all the way up the chain of command to the president? I just stands who's the senior person in the military chain of command is the president and why wouldn't he say hey? Theoretically like that's what extreme ownership is Here's the deal The goal of extreme ownership It isn't just to take ownership the goal of extreme ownership is to actually solve the problem That's what the goal is the goal isn't to look who to blame The goal is to get the problem solved That's what the goal is it's not about just Blaming someone or finding someone to blame And when you take ownership of it That is the first step that leads us to solving a problem, but it's not the solution itself So when you say it was my fault the problem doesn't go away Also firing people Firing someone is not necessarily solve the problem Now unless that person A person in the chain of command has proven to be incompetent or immoral or incapable of doing their job or blatantly negligent if it's one of those then cool that might solve the problem But most likely the people just need to be led properly So So here's what happened my boss listened to me give a debrief and in the debrief yes, I took ownership But I didn't just take ownership and say cool now it's gone because it didn't make the problem disappear I said hey here's the here's the new standard operating procedures that we are going to implement to make sure this never happens again Okay, so now he sees that I am solving the problem He sees he sees that I recognize what the problem is he sees how I'm gonna get the problem solve The problem is it isn't getting past me how can he take ownership but it doesn't make it past me I'm owning it Now a good boss is gonna say hey, you know what jockel I get it and there's definitely some I see what you're saying however I could have done a better job prepping you guys with training or whatever right you know and I'm not saying that was the case But you could you can everyone can still kind of provide overlapping field to fire to get a problem solved now Like I said I had taken ownership of the problem and offered the solutions if I had denied any wrongdoing and blamed other people and not come up with actual solutions Then he probably would have looked at me and like uh you're fired Right because you've got someone now that's incompetent of seeing what the mistakes were incompetent of figuring out the solutions are he needs to fire me He needs to fire me and The person above him the chain of command will go hey, what happened with that fracticide he go oh yeah the the commander out there made the following mistakes And he's obviously incompetent my fire Okay, Roger that that's now we have a we put a new person in there we start moving that direction but I solved the problem That he saw that we also right here is the solutions we're gonna to use these marking procedures going to use these time distance That we're gonna make sure that this does not happen again Now if we go back to the basic example that's one of the examples that you use in leadership strategy and tactics of a machine gunner shoot out of its feet field of fire Okay machine gunner shoot out of his field of fire Maybe the machine gunner says well, you know no one's no one told me with the field to fire work So it was in my fault and then maybe the fire team leader said I told him but he didn't listen so you got two excuses right and then the squad leader says well, you know the fire team The fire team leader didn't effectively pass the word So it's not my fault as a squad leader the fire team leader is not passed a word correctly And then a two commander says well the squad leader didn't understand the importance of field of fire So it's actually his fault so now we have everyone no one's solved you notice no one has solved the problem And then the task unit commander says you know the two leader doesn't have good control of his men So still no one saw the problem no one has actually implemented a solution and then a sealed team commander the next person in chain Command says the task unit didn't you know train themselves properly so still he's just pointing a finger doesn't it doesn't solve the problem and then the group commander says the seal team Commanding officers out of touch with what his troops are doing And then the group commander or the the admiral says you know the group commander's not paying attention to training So still no one has solved the problem all that's doing is blaming we're just pointing fingers and then the the the The so-com commander Looks at the admiral and says the admiral's not obviously driving realistic training, you know, and so he's just blaming and then the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff says You know obviously so-com has no standards But they still won't do anything and then the president says the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff doesn't understand what's happening in the field And then the voters say the president doesn't know how to run in the military and then the president gets voted out So the president eventually gets fired because of this thing Cute, but that's not that's not what happened so yeah, yeah, if you just passed the blame pass the blame pass the blame and no one takes ownership That I don't that that problem continues throughout the whole chain of command But when people start taking ownership Then the problem gets solved and it doesn't get anywhere There's there becomes a limitation where the problem is no longer a problem so if the if the machine gunner shoots out his field of fire and says You know what hey my fault next time I will confirm that I know my field of fire before pulling trigger So so that's kind of a solved problem Now it gets overlap to little bit because the fire team leaders says listen I will make sure and I'll probably perfectly clear and reinforce And get a readback Next time I tell him what it's field of fires. I'll do a better job pass and work So now you got like a double overlap on the problem being solved And then the platoon leaders says listen I didn't I should have covered fields of fire more in the rehearsals So now we got triple so this is not gonna be a problem anymore No one the fire You know no one to reprimand the problem is getting solved and you could go right up through the chain of command You know that the platoon leader says I'm gonna cover it rehearsals and the task unit commander says I'm gonna actually Go through a briefing on why fields of fire are so important And you look at all these stacks of people taking ownership the problem doesn't get out The problem gets soft So that's why a problem doesn't make its way through the entire chain of command when people start taking ownership It gets owned and it gets solved Now If I got a bunch of people That are blaming each other then maybe someone has to get fired and One of the platoons that I was putting through training had a bad assistant platoon commander And he caused the platoon to fail multiple training scenarios And the so every time that little Assistant platoon commander will get put in charge of an element he would make bad decisions and screw things up and Now who's fault is that Okay, so the assistant platoon commander he's causing the problem but his boss I'm barely even talking to the assistant platoon sure. I'm telling him hey, exactly you did this wrong attack. We did that wrong But I'm talking to platoon commander going hey, is this guy capable? Because he keeps making your hope tune fail now. Eventually the platoon commander has to own that And the platoon commander who has tried to coach tried to mentor tried to you know give the guy tactical instruction and he's still not capable And guess what the platoon commander takes ownership and says you know what? Um, your fired so he took ownership of that problem Now does the task you to commander need to fire the platoon commander because Not really because there's no more problem the problem's gone and he goes okay, you know I get it you had to fire that guy So when you take ownership of a problem, you know, maybe it gets another layer up maybe two layers up but It it doesn't just a problem doesn't just continue You forever now you can have serious problems where Where it just continues. I mean look at watergate, right? You know there was a break in people the trust was lost and all of a sudden that problem When all the way up through the chain of command and the president resides So if it's bad enough and no one takes ownership You know if one of those got and and I I've free I'd have to go into the details of watergate But you know sometimes you see this where someone in the chain of command goes this was all on me And then usually people go wait a second. Are you sure are you sure your boss didn't know about this? Are you sure that his boss didn't know about it? And that's kind of what from what I remember about watergate It was you know first you got guys going to it was just us we were acting alone and then all of a sudden they figured out no Actually the president knew exactly what was happening and therefore He's you know gonna get gonna get uh Gonna get punished for it. Yeah, so Again, I think the important thing here is taking ownership is not about figuring out who you should blame Or who you should fire now it's you know even in extreme ownership I'm talking through that problem in my own head on the blue on blue. I'm saying like I'm trying to figure out who to blame You know and and I realize that there's one person blame. It's me Once I do that then it's not about like okay now I'm gonna blame myself and now we're good No, it's how do I solve the problem so we can win that's what ownership is and that's why you know to go and back to this original question When does it stop it stops when the problems get solved Did Yeah, again just one of those critical elements which actually is more important when you think about it The solving the problem part of it more so then it's my fault. It's their fault or whatever Because if we didn't have this instinctual blaming self or what he called defensive defensive magneticism yeah that It wouldn't it just be way different so but since that is a natural thing It's kind of like it has to be part of extreme ownership You know it just has to be for you to be compelled to solve the problem if you Believe like for real belief. Not yes I'm gonna if you if you if I just go ooh this was my fault and That's it and I don't really believe that I can solve the problem it's like there's some One of one of the guys at Ashland front was talking to a client the other day and one of the senior people when the senior executives Said you know oh I've got you know 1200 people that work for me. I can't be responsible for what they do Yeah, when they make a mistake and here's the deal when you have that attitude You're right you can't do anything and this goes back. You know I talked about it with Darryl Cooper on the Obel Grey thing if the leadership says you know what the got the people that are in the prison That are garden the the insurgents that were captured if they do something if they abuse those prisoners That's not on me that's that's somebody on the front line If you have that attitude then yeah, you're gonna have problems. But if you have the attitude hey what happens on front line is my responsibility? Then guess what you do you clarify your commanders intent you make sure that everyone understand what the rules of engage Marry you make sure that everyone understands what the goal of having these people in these situations are you make sure they understand What happens if they get caught or or yeah? What happens if they get caught abusing prisoners what that's gonna look like what that's gonna do the word effort You do all these things to mitigate that that's what you do But when you think well, you know of course on responsible power really responsible Yeah, you don't take the actions. That's you don't take that preemptive ownership to solve those problems and then when something does go wrong If you throw up your hands and we will okay control what's happening on the front line I'm firing you immediately. I'm firing you in 10 seconds if if I if someone happens the front line and I talked to the leader and I say you know your your front line people did x y and z wrong And they go hey, you know when I can't control what's happening on the front line. I'm like cool you're fired You know what I mean like you if that's your attitude I want something to say hey you know what here's the things that I'm implementing make sure that doesn't happen again Here's the course I'm running here's the oversight I'm putting in here You know x y z to solve those problems. That's what I'm gonna do and I go okay great You're obviously taking ownership of the problem I'll take you know I'm gonna take ownership maybe I can provide you this or that to help you But then the once it gets there that that problem doesn't continue on indefinitely. We get it solved That's the beauty of extreme ownership is that the problem gets solved So you're so when you fire a guy or would it you know theoretically it's kind of like you're firing them because Like you the example you just sit right there with the guy who has that attitude right Oh, it'll control this you fire them because he's gonna continue to either allow or be a problem That's gonna continue. Yes. It's gonna continue to continue. Yeah. I think so like getting rid of him replacing whatever that and essentially solves a root of Of a problem. Yes bigger problem So what do you know because everyone's in a while you'll find it Situation company whatever where they'll fire guy just as punishment like It's not necessarily that Giving the circumstances Particular circumstances where he'll continue to be a problem is not that kind of situation or it doesn't it's not obvious that it's that kind of situation But it's like we need someone's head for this mistake. You know like that kind stuff forever like how would you like? I don't know how would you approach take extreme ownership does not prevent you from getting fired We should be perfectly clear about that I will tell you that in my opinion you have a better chance of not getting fired if you take ownership Then if you put your hands up and put or point fingers at other people either you put your hands There was nothing I could do about that was a front lines. That's not me. I'm firing you if you say well It wasn't my fault it was the junior leader that directed that oh, oh, so are you gonna fire that leader? Are you gonna train them or you gonna do something different? Are you gonna implement some standard operating procedures that kind of happen or you just saying you can't control it because if you can't control it I don't need you here So yes, sometimes people take ownership and they're getting fired anyways I will say this if they're proactively Really truly taking ownership of what is happening if they're taking preemptive ownership They're not gonna be sitting in that position in the first place because whatever things are unfolding they go Men if we could caught do in that I'm gonna be the one responsible for it I own this and so hey front line you can't do that here's the training Here's the right protocol here's the here's how you handle those situations and don't ever do that again And they go okay and now when the boss comes to me and says hey we have this just flare up I go yeah, here's what I did about it. I know I'm aware of what's happening. I already got it under wraps boss I know okay cool thanks, but if I go well, you know all that stuff was happening and I never did anything about it And I didn't know about it guess what expect to get fired Extreme ownership does not prevent you from getting fired it's opposed to more them You know you caused a problem you allowed a problem to happen under your command You have a better chance of not getting fired if you take ownership of it But if you have an agreed-just thing happen and it's on your watch you might get fired And if you make excuses if you think you can kind of wheezele your way out of it Your your gut you're gonna get fired as well. You're just gonna look like a weasel Honey, I have this vision of the guy, you know who got gets fired right in on this way out his is What he called like a little basket of his stuff you know that plastic image and he's like, but I took extreme ownership But I took each you should have taken extreme ownership prior to this happening and look I actually it's funny. Okay remember to say how extreme ownership is always on the top right like no matter the problem Even that let's say I got fired like I got fired I took extreme ownership. It was my fault fully believed everything and then I got fired still right mean while I'm like mad at extreme ownership But took extreme ownership didn't work got fired aren't you sort of blaming extreme ownership now? Kind of yes, I guess it's a bit you're just strange in a strange world you are correct Yeah, you are you are now blaming extreme ownership but but what you're really doing is you're you're trying to take ownership after the fact That's why it's important to have the attitude of extreme ownership That's the problem with in this what I wrote about leadership strategy and tactics the problem with extreme ownership Is that it's post mortem it's after the fact preemptive ownership is hey You take ownership of everything that's going on so you prevent these problems from occurring Yeah, now if they occur I will promise you the best thing you can do is say here's the problem Here's the mistakes I made here's one or two fix it. That is your best method of survival And if you don't do that oh well if you do that it's not as I just said it's no guarantee that you're not going to get fired because you still might get fired But if you run in there and you make a bunch of excuses I mean Yeah, okay check Next question Jockel her general matters say That he looks for initiative and aggressiveness in NCOs I'm not a naturally aggressive leader do you believe leader should be aggressive by nature When when to be aggressive or when do you be aggressive does it come off as fake? If it's not natural So you know obviously this is something we talk about all time is that deep being default aggressive is good for leaders Yes, that is a true statement There's a dichotomy obviously because you can be too aggressive and then things go wrong and things go bad and things don't work And yes, there are some people that are let's say more aggressive by nature And then let's also remember that being aggressive means a lot more than just being loud, brash and in your face right that is the stereotypical thing that we think of when we think of all that guys really aggressive you think this guy's in your face He's yelling he's you know pushing people over That is not the type of aggressiveness that you need to be an effective leader You don't need to be allowed mouth you don't need to be brash don't need to get in people's faces What being aggressive means is Is taking action That's the kind of aggressiveness that I'm talking about that's the kind of aggressiveness that general matters is talking about and You know the definition actually wrote this down the definition of Aggressive or one of the definitions of being aggressive is forceful and sometimes overly assertive pursuit of ones aims So First of all forceful we get right sometimes overly assertive something means sometimes that you have to go a little bit like Harder and here's why that's important because listen in combat Almost nothing will happen the way you want it to if you don't force it that way Right you are coming against a powerful force the enemy nature time There's all kinds of things that that are going against you. It's a losing battle and if you don't use force of will Then then then you're not going to get it done you have to be aggressive and make things happen I remember so there was a There was we all got interviewed after we came home from Ramadi and I remember I was Listening to Seth Stone get interviewed and it was just they were just trying to you know capture whatever information moments historical Accounts of what had happened in Ramadi and and Seth said something along the lines of Every operation we did you could feel jacco beating his head against the wall to make things happen And I got you know of course I laughed But from his perspective and it's a good perspective and it's an accurate perspective None of this nothing just kind of all that fell into my lap that just doesn't Happened it doesn't happen in combat it just doesn't happen in combat and so yes this idea that you're gonna be aggressive is Is is very important but if you think to yourself well, okay, okay Look, I'm not the type of person that likes to be allowed now likes to shout likes to yell cool good. It doesn't matter you don't need to be that way what it means is Is you need to make things happen That's what it means and it can be this is the good thing about being aggressive sure there's there's certain parts of your nature that are aggressive But it can also be trained you can you can start to think with an aggressive mindset which is I am going to take action I'm gonna overcome obstacles. I'm gonna push through roll box. I'm not gonna take no for an answer And the those are things that you can train and and and how do you train them look when you when you hit an obstacle You look at it you you know you shake your head and you go cool Let's go let's figure this out There's so often times where people they get told know where they hit an obstacle and it's game over for They're just done they're done training they're over it And you're attitude you have to go okay little little robot cool how am I gonna get through how I get you around it And I used to put people so to train people to be more aggressive regardless of what they're And believe me I had I had guys you know seal officers that were coming through that or or seal chiefs that were coming through real Real passive guys quiet guys, you know not type of person that you would figure oh the guys Oh, yeah, that guy's aggressive you wouldn't characterize him as that But I would put so what I would do is put them in situations where If they didn't make aggressive decisions to make things happen They were gonna get annihilated put them in training scenarios like that okay. Oh, you want to sit here and you want to wait Like you're getting attacked and you want to sit here and you want to know you don't make it want don't want to make a decision cool In 16 minutes I will have everyone in your task unit dead We will kill them all the paintball If you and then and so they learn that and I go what do you think happened? You know and it's a while We started to get surrounded and and I go and what did you do well? You know we We held position okay. How long you hold position for? Who we held it for a while and what did the enemy do? Well, they started maneuver and then what you do well? We held position And then what did the enemy do? Well, they maneuvered more and then what did you do? I held position And then we started taking casualties and then the enemy maneuvered and then they closed the distance and then they took us out Okay, what do you think would have been better well Perhaps when it first started before they had us enveloped I could have made a maneuver to get to another building with some more high ground That sounds like a great idea next time. I want to treat you a little bit more aggressive and making things happen Okay, put them in the same scenario. They get a little bit more aggressive They realize that it's that it it serves its function and They start to develop the attitude and they start to understand what a lack of aggression will get you because that's an important thing to know Right, it's not just a carrot. It's a stick cool if I do if I do this aggressive thing it'll be rewarding if I don't do something aggressive We're gonna get annihilated So here's the other thing that you gotta be ready for so so if you're if you're a person that you lean towards being passive You've got to start to lean towards being aggressive and here's the thing that you got to remember You're gonna make mistakes because when you're aggressive You're taking more risk and often you're taking more risk now When you if you've played out the whole matrix of being passive versus versus being aggressive I will tell you that being aggressive is the one that ends up on top Are there but there are scenarios where your aggressiveness ends up costing you a little bit That absolutely happens happens happens in business and happens in life it happens on the battlefield but Overall Being aggressive is what this is why this is why that this is where the idea you this is where the idea of Aggressive has to be your default mode. This is exactly why aggression has to be your default mode Your default mode is aggressive if your default mode is aggressive and it's not the right answer You just use the other answer right your default mode is aggressive that's the why I originally said to these young See aloftsters your default mode has to be aggressive so if you're not sure if you should stay as your go go to the default Which is gonna be aggressive because Nine times out of ten seven times out of ten eight times out of ten that's gonna be a better move than sitting on your ass and doing nothing That's what's gonna get your kill so your default mode is to go now. Do you always go with your default mode? No, you don't always go with it to default mode, but occasionally you go. Oh, you know what I'm not gonna go to default mode You put it you pull the setting out and you go into the other mode Customize it. Yeah, you customize a little bit for that particular situation But your default mode is I'm gonna be aggressive and that's the the odds you want the odds you want to stack the odds in your favor Hmm what is Jason Jason Gardner says puts it kind of a cool like good way to just really wrap your head around like being a default mode something along the lines of like It's easier it's better to like have to pull someone back totally then have to push them forward It's it's a million times easier to have to pull the reins in on someone on an element on a team on a leader on a person It's a million times easier to go all right. Hey, come on back. Yeah, we're going too hard. It then going hey, you need to get out there because by the way, I mean if you think about this from a Like an actual event unfolding if an event unfolds and Europe the person that's on point and you don't react to it properly That that event needs to make it through you To me before I can now assess what I think you should do and then tell you to go do it and then kick you in the ass So you go do it and I'll want that we already lost yeah, I want I want you to go hey. Oh, we just got Disadvent started unfolding. I'm on it and you look back and you hate jockel. I'm solving this problem right now. Oh, what's the problem right I don't even know what the problem is yet. You already solving it. That's what I want and if I happen to occasionally have to pull the reins on you More than happy to pull the reins on you What so yes that's a Universal it's easier to lead someone that you have to pull the reins on than you have to push We'd rather pull back than push forward and That that idea of being aggressive is Is part of that so I want all my I want all my subordinate leaders to be aggressive and as a leader I know that my subordinates are going to make mistakes while they're learning to be aggressive and even when they're being aggressive And I'm they're considered fully trained and fully ready. They're still gonna make mistakes I'm still gonna make mistakes being aggressive. I'm gonna make mistakes But we're gonna play the odds and the odds are The odds are you'd be aggressive. I'm trying to think of a good blackjack. You know, you ever play blackjack before Yeah, so I mean like there's you know dealers showing Whatever dealers dealers showing 20 and you're showing a 14 Got ahead it like that that's the odds the odds are you got to hit it Do you are showing a 14 and you're showing a 14? You got to let you got to you got to hold let the dealer let the dealer take the hit do they call it I forget well do they call it showing 20 because you know one is down one is up. All right? Do they call that showing 20? Well, you have a 10 or yeah, because you don't know what the other card is You just assume that it's still you showing. Yes, okay, yeah And play blackjack in a while. I can't I can't believe I'm like struggling with my fall process around blackjack around the numbers That's that It was more of a terminology. Yeah, but you play the odds and there's rules when you're playing the odds and blackjack There's rules of what you hit and what you don't and you stick with the rules the odds are gonna be on your side Yeah, more than if you don't if you just sit back And that's and so we're playing the odds We're playing the odds with leadership and the odds are your default mode Not that you never come out of default mode the odds are you be aggressive So back to this question here. Well, let's see another couple things in this question when to be aggressive Look the default mode is be aggressive and sometimes you look at it. You'll know now's not the time Does it come off as fake or not natural? Hey, it's not Being aggressive from this perspective isn't how you're acting. It's the decisions that you're making It's the decisions. I was working in the client yesterday and We were talking about data. I think it was a client call. It was another Yeah, it was about data and it was actually the very similar question. Hey, I'm I'm not very aggressive And I'm more of a data guy and I like numbers and that's how I roll and yet I'm not getting recognized and I was like cool Get aggressive with your data put your data together and present it up the chain of command not to say hey look at me But to say hey here's what's going on here's what I'm doing You're being aggressive with your data. You're showing them what's happening because the guy wasn't getting the recognition that he needed right? And he was so that meant His senior leadership didn't know what he was doing Which meant he's not getting the resources that he needs to do his job and instead of being like hey This is what I need because he's not an aggressive guy He's sitting back and just getting resources stripped away from him. I said cool your data guy Record the data of what you're doing Present it and the data let the data speak get default aggressive with your data That I miss anything here. Yeah, so it's not naturally. I mean, I mean if you all the sudden start to try and act You know this this Do way yeah, yeah, yeah, but I don't do that. Yeah, it's It's it's probably not gonna go good now. Can you do you sometimes have to learn like Okay, you know what I got to stand up and say something. I got to put word out, right? You know and I watched many guys in my career Go through the transition of being a little bit less aggressive and they realize you know what? I'm in charge of this thing. I got to go put the word out and and that's perfectly fine Yeah, those kind of for lack of a bit of some Superficial personality traits that are aggressive some people say oh well that's that Aggressive, you know where there's more depth to it we're like Again, like you know you can think of like a I don't know some fictional or maybe even not in fictional like Maybe Japanese Business tycoon who doesn't say nothing really You know he's making aggressive moves like that's aggressive guy. I think you know there's it goes deep And then you know a guy who you're saying like he yells in screams and has a loud voice or whatever It's kind of okay if that's your personality that's gonna land for sure But it's more about the decision you make if you say it's gonna land what do you mean because I might just Make a bunch people and grab right sometimes. Well depends on what you're yelling and screaming Yeah, but what you're saying is there could be someone that's loud and scream but they're but they're they're using that to cover the fact that they're actually not making any moves Essentially, so yeah, so the yelling and screaming has very little do with aggressive movement on the battlefield Yes, what I'm saying this more depth to it, but the point actually is is that You should have just taken that point because I was a good point You're taking that one in the morning. I'll let you continue This was a fairly less glorful but nonetheless if you if because he's concerned about faking it or coming off of its thing Where no if your focus on those like a super-fishual elements of of your personality being aggressive That's the part they're gonna smell is fake if you're trying to change that part. Oh, sure, you know like oh This probably used to have this tea in seventh grade. He's I don't know. I think it's like a music teacher. Oh, I don't know something super aggressive music teacher You was like a nice dude like really nice It's not too many stereotypical hyper aggressive music teachers. No, man. He was I had an assistant platoon commander and a aggressive great guy and He you know, I didn't you know as I got to know him you know, and I was like, so would you study in college? And he's like percussion I'm a we we talking about I was like what concussion what is that percussion drumming yeah? He started drumming in college Which is just kind of deep in percussion. Yeah, I didn't know you could major in percussion I mean I guess but anyways my history of percussion yeah Properties of percussion my point is had he become a music teacher You probably could have been a because he was a aggressive assistant platoon commander. Yeah, I had to buy had to pull the reins on him sometimes We'll be out there getting after it this guy was not aggressive at all He was like a nice guy trying to please everyone, you know short-term and long-term kind of thing Which didn't really work with I'm pretty sure with seventh grade so he was like I remember guys we just run circles around them, you know like people wouldn't listen and all this like he had trouble controlling the class We'll say that and then I want one time He tried to switch his personality one time he dropped the book, you know how like sometimes when you drop a Book yeah, sometimes when he hits correctly It's like boom it's like a fire so one time Brad he tried to do that and it didn't Meet the sound and like no one Everyone was like what the fuck is this guy doing? He's like looking everybody with his eyes all big nonetheless I think that was like I think he got aggressive one day and people like shut up and we're like hey this guy's like You know how when someone's never aggressive then they start yelling you're like everyone kind of be quiet Yeah, I think it's because yelling so I think he might have got a small little payoff one day and then from then on He started to try to be like aggressive everyone could smell it on like Brad That's not even your thing so he got to be a work against them. Yeah, everyone was kind of laughing at him Not always like a weirdo. Yeah, so no no no no need to do that No, we throw in the music book on the table no big text book is on the floor to yeah didn't work I'm for a Next question so this question is actually that I got one of them that I got from EF online So EF online you know since the big Lockdown in the world we've pushed a lot of resources and time and effort in the EF online It was actually something that we were working on so it's good timing but EF online used to be a Relatively static training platform really aimed at Enterprise clients so big companies would train their people based on the leadership principles and But it's it's a powerful tool and so with The lockdown we've been working on a lot of our clients through webinars so what we basically we We've we've we've really kind of re Formulated reformulated and are reattacking this online World and so what we do so we're doing a bunch of live webinars. We're doing Q&A sessions We got chats going on. We got we've got a forum So we got all kinds of things that are happening what it's doing is now it's got we got like a community of people That are on there all the time they're asking us questions. We're just it's just awesome and so one of the questions that I got asked was from a From a police officer who is basically talking about he's got some complainers or he was talking about one complainer in particular and The question was what advice do you have for dealing with that one officer on your team that is the debby downner They complain about everything you know the one no matter what you ask the team to do that One guy or gal that sucks all the energy out of the room the buzzkill So I thought this was a a good question and I thought it was a good question because Everybody knows that there's a everybody knows that person so much that there's a term for it Debbie downer There's a An existing a pre-existing term for that person that's complaining and being being negative about everything so a couple and What's cool? What's really cool about doing this stuff online is now? You know right now and reading the question when I'm doing this where the person's there like we're talking face it I mean, it's not face to face but it's face to face because you're on the interwebs And I'm looking right out the person they're looking right at me and so it's very cool You're having a conversation you know the one thing that's negative about this podcast is Well, it's us reading our best interpretation of a question through the interwebs When I was EF online you can They can clarify clarify clarify you can talk you can get details and it it makes it really Makes it really cool so so so back to this question Debbie downer So Leadership strategy intact. I talked about what one of the solutions that I have for a lot of different leadership problems is actually putting people in charge So you put somebody in charge of the of a mission of a project of a task and They want to complain about it cool. They can complain about themselves because they're the one that's running it so That's that's one option and that that option works a lot, right? Sometimes it might not work sometimes it might not be feasible You know you can't take maybe a junior person and put them in charge of a giant project because it's just You the way the Responsibility has been dulled out from the chain of command. You're not allowed To put you know private Jackson Sir in charge of or or private Debbie downer in charge of something so here's a note and this is another option that Another thing that you can do and this is a really incredibly brilliant solution Listen to them Right actually Listen to what they have to say so sometimes people complain I mean Because they complain so much no one actually ever listens to them and they just keep doing it and it has no impact The only impact that it has is it gives them a little good feeling because they got to put up a little protest right? They got to throw a little shallow negative shot at the hole at the man at the system at the mission at the ball They get to just throw this little complaint out and look it's it's it's kind of Within the rules right like you're it's no one it's it's almost bad say hey, I want to hear the complaints right? So you complain and you get away with it So so that's what they do they got to get this passive aggressive little Complaining going on so one thing you can do is actually listen to what they say actually say you know echo Actually, okay, can you meet me after this meeting? I want to actually dig down and see what you're talking about Hmm all of a sudden they're thrown for a loop just that right there. It's all of the problem And then when they comment when you talk to them actually write down what they are Talking about So those are two solution things and then you know again cuz EF online is live and I'm actually talking to the person that's asking me this question So you know I said well hey, what's going on? I started digging out digging into it a little bit and the complaint was Of was again this is a police department the complaint was about the current mission that was happening and The mission that they had been the mission that his squad had been in charge of had been shifted and This person what that's main thing that this person was complaining But why we doing this this should be someone else blah blah blah blah And you know it was a hard mission and Then as I'm talking to the leader the leader actually says but well, you know I didn't like the mission either Ha ha ha ha ha so thinking about that just think about that the leader didn't like the mission and One of the subordinates is complaining about it. And I'm saying of course you're gonna have complete people complaining about the mission You don't even like the mission You don't even like the mission and Now you're surprised that some of your subordinates are complaining and one in particular that always complaints anyways It's complaining about something that you don't even like So, you know, here's the deal. Like I said, talk to the complainer, write down their complaints, and then actually give some responses or reasons that explain why things are happening the way they are happening. Actually give explanations for what that individual is complaining about. And by the way, if you don't have good explanations, then go get them. So, up your chain of command and say, hey boss, here's what's going on. You know, this is what, this is what some of my troops are saying. And I agree with these parts, can we get some explanations behind this? So it's like when we got to her body, you're going to be working with Iraqi soldiers. I got all kinds of complaints about that out of the gate. And as I've said many times before, I was the chief complainer for about three minutes. Before I said, okay, why are we actually doing this? Let me think about this. And I didn't have to ask this up in my chain of command because I figured out why we're doing it. It was what we needed to do to win the war. And so then I was able to explain, you want to complain? Cool. I accept your complaint. I agreed with it a minute ago. Here's the solution I came to. Here's the answer. Here's why we're doing this. And all of a sudden, the complaints are going to go down. And then if you got people that are complaining about things, you give them the answer. And you'll move forward. That's why I don't look at complaining as a negative thing necessarily. And by the way, if complaining is happening and I let it continue to happen, who's fault that's that? Is it Debbie Downers fault? Is it? Guide. No. No. No. I almost just hugged the knife at you. Yeah, no. A fee feels like it. That's why you can't do anything. You can be like, oh yeah, I can't believe Debbie Downers. All you got to do is not complain. Yeah, just show them. Don't complain. No, actually, I own this. I support this is complaining. Okay, cool. How can I solve this? How about we figure out research what the complaints are about? And not only does it stop them from complaining, but I'm actually building relationships with the team because I'm being responsive to what their complaints are. And when I do that, I make the team tighter. And I make the operational capability of the team higher. And now we can do a better job accomplishing our mission. So, when you get a complainer, try listening to what the complaints are. You can try putting them in charge. You can give them explanations as to why the things they're complaining about aren't happening because if I got my team complaining, I'm going to assume that there's some validity to it. And if there's no validity to it, well, then cool. You come to me with a complaint that's completely invalid. And I show you, oh, yeah, here's why your complaints are valid because this is this. So now you're complaining about something that is not true, right? You're not going to continue down that road. You're going to, oh, I didn't realize that boss. Or you're going to say, well, if that's true, it's boss and why, what about this? I go, okay, let me figure that one out for you. I'm not sure. Yeah. Yeah, kind of goes along with how you'd say, like when you pull the thread, you know, like the beginning of that thread is just the complaint, right? But when you start pulling the thread all the way out, it's kind of like, oh, shoot. There's some valid stuff in here. I don't, in a different situation, it could be that, yeah, this guy's just a complaint. Or this answers to all of this stuff that may be like, I don't know, it's his laziness or it is whatever, like all invalid complaints. When you pull out that thread, it's like you can see that too, right? Yeah, there could be valid. It could be invalid. Yeah. Pull the thread, find the answer to that. That's in two and give it to. Yeah. Listening. The, the, the most underrated tool of leadership. Your ears. But you can kind of, I mean, it's not like, so like ludicrous though, like to dismiss a complainer. It's not that because, you know, like how you said everyone knows a Debbie downer. And man, after a while, the complaint can be valid or invalid. It's kind of like, man, you just, but you just complain so much. You just dismiss a merid, you know, literally like a Debbie to iron. I'm thinking, but yes, but the only way to break them of that, they've gotten into that habit because their complaints don't have any. They don't have any, they don't have any outcome. They don't have any result. The only thing is, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, what's that, what's that thing? Oh, the little dopamine hit when I say, this, this is the dumbest mission we've ever done. And that's it. It just makes me feel good. Everyone, you know, everyone knows that I think this is dumb. And now I'm just going to continue to do going through the motions of whatever, but I'm being negative. I'm driving people down, but at least I got mine. And the habit forms that. And you can break that habit when someone goes, oh, this is the dumbest mission I've ever seen. Hey, hey, what part of the mission do you think is dumb? Let me, what part, let me give my notebook and write this down. What do you got? You know, it's another, on EF online, I've been doing these leadership primers of same like, hey, here's a little thing that, here's a little thing to think about. But when you, when you, for the reason I use this word, leadership primer, so Hackworth has a book called Vietnam Primer, get people ready to, who's written in like whatever, 60, 68. When guys were getting ready to go to Vietnam. And so you wrote Vietnam Primer to give them a heads up, get them mind right, give them some good tips for how that, to be ready to deploy. Well, think about this. I think if you were walking to your house, and there was a bad guy in there, a criminal had broken in and he, and as soon as you walked in, he, he, you know, threw a punch at you or he ran at you or he was, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let, let. He, when you walked in, he's confronting you. Yeah. Yeah. Think if 10 seconds before you walked in, you got the message that said, hey, when you walk in here, there's a bad guy in your house. You would respond way better. Yeah. So the leadership primer, yeah, fault line, the leadership primer is just me saying, hey, here's a little something, think about today, here's a little something to put you. And one of the leadership primers I did the other day was get a notebook, get a notebook, a little notebook, keep it in your pocket when somebody tells you something, up the chain or down the chain of command, get out your notebook and write it now. You know how a, how powerful that is? Think of it, if you think of it from either direction, think of your my subordinate and you tell me something and I get out my notebook and write it down. What are you thinking? Yeah, think things, get cares. Yep. Now, what if you're my boss and you say, hey, Jockel, can you take care of XYZ? No, no problem, sir. And I get out my notebook and write it down. What do you think? No. You're initial thought is like, of course, it's positive. I actually have to follow through. I can't just like take notebooks and throw them away every day. Right? So you have to actually take your notes and log them down. But that's a little, that's a little tool that you can use. You wouldn't be able to, when I was in the, dams, when I was in the team, you wouldn't be able to find me without a notebook. You would not be able to find me without a notebook. And by the way, I have a good memory, too. I have a good memory, doesn't matter. When you tell me something, I'm gonna write it down. Because I, A, I don't want to forget it and B, I want you to know that I got you. And you know what's cool? Three weeks goes by. And I go, hey, echo, you remember you asked me about this piece of gear that you thought we should have? Here's the research we actually have in the order. You know what I'm saying? Boom. Or you're my boss. And I say, hey, boss, three weeks ago, you mentioned to me off the cuff. You said you wanted to know how many guys I had called for this thing and how many we're gonna have ready for deployment. I just want to let you know the number is 12 right now. And I'm gonna have a 17 when we're going to implement in the boss. So what does that mean? Does that mean I'm kissing my boss's ass and brought no? It means, first of all, he had a reason for asking me that in second of all, his trust didn't mean just went up a little bit. Yeah, fully. In both directions. Yeah. So that's the point here. When someone starts complaining to you, look, let's face it. A lot of times these complaints, they're throw away comments. And obviously, you're not letting get thrown away. Oh, yeah. You're getting out of the notebook. Yeah. So little leadership primer. Carry a notebook with you. Something happens right at down. And actually, you know, you could say, yeah, you know, you could just get out of your phone and go into the notes thing. I'm, but I kind of don't agree with that. Let's face it when people pull out their phone and let's go hold on. You know, if you're going to pull out your phone and make a note in your phone, you got to tell them what you're doing. You got to say, hold on a second. Let me, let me write that. Let me put that in my notes. Because otherwise, they think, oh, cool. I'm telling him a major problem I've gotten. He's dead. He's shooting a text. Yeah. I'm getting bored. He's checking the ground. So yes, listen to your, what? Overall, listen, when people have complaints, listen, dig down, pull the thread. Put them in charge. That's an option. But also, listen, pull the thread, dig down, find the solution, find the reason and explain it to them. Yeah. That no taking thing. I can't help. And this is just an extreme version of it. So which I think you kind of like almost implied a little bit there, where, you know, how like on the movie? I don't know which one. You have the little, you know, you have the powerful boss walking around the little, you know, taking everything, writing every little thing down, you know, kind of thing. Don't be that guy writing everything down. No, you know, because it's kind of like, brother, this guy's just like, you know, writing down positive things, right? Now, I guess it complains on a positive thing. But it's positive that you're saying, oh, wait a second, there's a problem. There's something you don't understand cool. Yeah, it's important stuff. Yeah. And it's, it almost goes back to like opening your mouth to begin with, you know, like, you only say important stuff. So just blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm simply with the note taking almost kind of thing where if you're this, especially if you're a subordinate, right? We're like, oh, we're going to let me take some notes and also let me make this perfectly clear. You're not taking notes so that you can prove to them that you're listening. No, you have to take notes so you can log down what they're saying and you can pull the string on it, either direction. Right. That's what you're doing. You're not doing it. So, oh, cool. I'm going to make a good impression. No, you're doing it because it's going to do a bet. It's going to make you do a better job. Because you can better support the guys above you and below you in the chain of commands so that we can win. Right. That's such a good point because that's that caricature in the movie who's taking notes, you know, like the little, it's somewhat taking too many notes. I knew guys that were right things down and never do anything with them. Yeah. I just want to. I have less respect for you. Yeah. And that's what I'm saying. You write it down, man. I expect some action. Yeah. Right. I expect some action. Oh, yeah. But that's the point, right? Where that's why that character exists in the movie because he's displayed and shown as a kid, kiss ass guy, writing every little thing down. And you could tell that's his whole intention is to be the kid that's it's like to display that, you know, kind of thing. Where and that's what it comes down to. Like your actual intention because it's like, like, you always said, man, people can smell that on you. If you're like there, if you have some ulterior motive, or whatever. That's what the intention has a strong smell. You can quote me on that. Intention has a strong smell. And if you're in tension, what your intention is will be smelled by the people around you. Yeah. And that's how it's going to look. It has a look. But the smell is more pungent in both directions. In both directions, by the way. And my intention is to take care of you. That's that is felt. It's smelled. And it's pungent. If my intention is to kiss your ass, you can smell that just as well. Smell it from a wild mile away. Cool. Yes. Look, I agree. Next question. This is going to sound like a strange question. But how would you advise mentally preparing for the horrors of war? Like if you knew someone, you cared about what was going to be on the front lines. What would you tell them? I would tell them to detach. I would tell them to detach. I would tell them to do their job. But don't get all caught up in it. Because that's what you have to do. If you go in the front lines and right now there's a bunch of doctors and nurses going in the front lines and hospitals. And that can be emotionally overwhelming. Look, they do that for a living. But when you see overcrowded or whatever is happening, you can see where people might be overwhelmed by that or their health that risks or they're overwhelmed by that. So do your job, but you've got to stay detached from it. Don't get all caught up in it. And also I would say I would tell them to look. It's the emotions that you're going to have are okay. And normal. They're going to feel scared. You're going to feel disgusted. You're going to feel horrified. You're going to feel sick. All those things are normal. You're going to have when you are seeing this side of humanity for the first time. I would say I would tell them to write down and talk about what they see, what they hear, what they feel with other people. Because if you try and keep them contained inside your own head, you won't process them as well. When you write things down, it forces you to think through them. When you talk about other people, you get some of that out of your system. So I think that's powerful. Separate work from home. So you're going to go in this horrible place. Don't bring that home with you. How do you do that? Change out of your uniform. Get your flip flops on. Put your shorts on and your t-shirt. You can home. Don't wear your uniform. Don't wear your police uniform. Don't wear your doctors. Don't wear scrubs home. Don't take them off. Don't wear your EMT uniform home. Just don't do that. Change. And then compartmentalize. Because you got to compartmentalize these bad things. And I guess maybe that could be construed in a negative way. Like I'm saying lock down, you know, I'm putting me to compartment and put them away. I'm not saying that. I'm saying separate. Because what I'm saying, I'm not saying lock thing. Put things in a box and lock them. They're not saying that at all. I'm actually saying the opposite. Write about them. Talk about them with your friends. Talk about what you experience, what you felt all that stuff. It's going to make you feel better. But keep it separate from people that don't have that experience. Right? So you don't want to drag home the war to your life and your kids. You don't want to drag home the ER to your wife and your kids. You don't want to drag home the perpetrators and the horrible things you see as a police officer. You don't want to drag those home every day. So compartmentalize. And I think those are the things that I've done that I think of help me. That's true. All right. This next question. You might have read this next question. I don't mind. This next question is kind of it's a good question. I think we're going to get a lot out of it. But it's a little bit of a longer question. And I'm going to actually end up reading it. I think twice. First time I'm just going to read it through. Here we go. I've been working on asking you this question for over a year. And this is the best way I can articulate it. Everything I say falls on deaf ears. I try to give advice when asked or if someone is in trouble and they don't listen to the sound advice. And later I try to get them listen to someone else that might have more credibility and author or podcaster, philosopher, etc. And they still won't listen. They tried their hardest to make what solutions I'm trying to give don't not apply to them because of X, Y, and Z all excuses. Almost as if they are too good to implement the advice because it came from me and me alone. And early solving people's problems and they are deliberately not listening. It's not how I present the information they should use. My tonality is just fine. It's almost as if they won't listen because they know I'm right. And I want to prove and they want to prove I'm wrong by not giving me the respect. I feel the majority of people see me as lesser, not worthy of respect or listening to, even though I use such obvious logic. These people continuously try to exercise power over me, defiantly. And extreme non-influential presence, even with logic, tact, respectfulness. No one wants to listen to me. People just refuse to even respectfully move out of the way when I'm trying to get around them. Not even strangers. People I live with. I understand what it is about me that most people don't respect. Everyone seems to have the attitude to defy or oppose everything I say. No matter the circumstances, whether I'm trying my best to lead, give advice, etc. People won't listen to me. They won't get behind me. I lack so much influence. It's not funny. I try but to know a veil. What do you think? So it's a rough situation, right? I feel for the individual in that situation. I imagine the frustration that you feel being in that position where you just know one's listening to. That being said, we have a situation here where you can see a lot of it is based on everyone else's problems and not mine. It starts off everything I say falls on deaf ears. Even that statement right there, even that statement right there out of the gate, it's not what I'm saying. It's that they are deaf. That right there is. We're opening, opening cell, though, is you're not listening to me. I try to give advice when asked or if someone is in trouble and they don't listen to sound advice. Again, who's fault is that? I'm giving you sound advice and everyone is there not listening. And then I try to get them to listen to someone else that might have more credibility and author or podcast or philosopher and they still won't listen. And I'm sitting there thinking myself, I wonder what that sounds like. Right? I imagine that it sounds something like, you know, hackworth says the exact same thing as me. Or you know, you might want to listen to some Sam Harris. If you listen to Sam Harris, you listen to some Tim Ferriss. You'll see the light on this. Meaning I'm over here. I already see the light. You might want to check out the light with me or you know, Marcus Aurelius is a good reference point. You know, one of the classic stoics, you might want to check him out. So I feel like there's a little, you know, you're just bolstering your opinion by offering other people that that you agree with. And now it's supposed to give it cloud. It's kind of the feeling I get, little bit. Okay, the continuing on, then they try their hardest to make what solutions I'm trying to give doesn't apply to them because of XYZ all excuses. And again, now instead of saying, hey, what way? Am I explaining these that people have got perfect solutions allegedly? What's again? That's a huge, that's a huge assumption is that my solutions are freaking perfect. And they just won't listen. But instead of saying that, it's like, oh, maybe my solution is number one aren't that great. Or number two, maybe I'm not explaining them that very well. But none of this is my fault. It's their fault. And there's making excuses. It's not on me. And then it continues, almost as if they are too good to implement the advice because it came from me and me alone. And this is where you start to cure that. This where it starts to get a little bit of a sense of the mindset of the individual. Because the individuals perception that they don't, that people don't like or people don't respect them, the individual, it causes them, it causes that individual to act. In ways that they, that that individual doesn't even perceive themselves. So what shows through again, intent has a smell. What shows through is frustration. What shows through is resentment. You know what I'm saying? Resentment shows through. You can't hide resentment. Anoints when you're annoyed that people aren't listening to it shows through. Erick and so when you, when you think you have the perfect solution and that's how you're coming across that's how you're talking people. That shows through. And so all that, that perception that people don't like me, that perception that I'm, that that people are looking down on me, that perception that you have of yourself shows through it. It comes across in a bad way. The next sentence literally solving people's problems and they are deliberately not listening. Again, none of this has to do with me, none of it has to do with my solutions themselves. None of it has to do with any of that. They just don't like me. It's their fault. Yeah. They don't really care about it. And by the way, in doing that, we have to assume that these people are just going to fail because they're not listening. So I would rather fail than listen to Fred here. And then this is just, it's not how I present the information they should use. My tonality is just fine. Right? Right? This is not my fault. My tonality is my tonality is fine. Like the way I'm presenting, look, I'm presenting this in the most beautiful way. Yeah. It's not a thought on me. It's not my fault. My tonality is actually perfect. The way I present my ideas is so good. It's funny. I know you're exaggerating, but it's for good reason. Yeah, I'm trying to make the point. Yeah, exactly. And that's good because I'm putting myself in this shoes where I'm like, my tonality is fine. What doesn't feel like when you for real believe that your tonality is fine? You're saying, but my tonality is fine. But really what it really is, is never never really thought about it. It doesn't stand out as not fine to me. So it's like, yeah, my tonality is fine. I'm going to include that in there just so we all know. Yeah, the thing. Right? That's how it feels for me. Theality, it's like, oh, you see it fine. Just fine, because apparently not right. So that's why you exaggerating it to help it stand out as a thing. Yeah, I'm saying. But yes, I feel it. That's what I felt when it's like tonality is fine. That's what I felt. You might as well have said, my tonality is the most perfect tonality in the history of tonality. Yeah, because yeah, because that's not something that you would even think about. Yeah, you just be like, as a person. But you go through it and you think, you know what, the way I talk to everyone is actually fine. Actually, good. Yeah, if it wasn't, I would know about it here. I'm not clear to stand out to me. Yeah, next one. Next sentence, it's almost as if they won't listen to me because they know I'm right. And they want to prove I'm wrong by not giving me the respect. All kinds of insecurity issues right there. All kinds of all kinds of insecurity and that insecurity comes across. And it doesn't come across as like, you know, echoes kind of insecure, but will listen, no, it comes across as you're over compensating by a long shot. And by the way, it's almost as if they won't listen to me because they know I'm right. I mean, that's just crazy talk, right? How many times echo trials? How many times have you heard me say, I know I'm right? No. Zero. And there's some things that I'm pretty knowledgeable about. Yeah. Right. Yeah. There's some things that I'm pretty knowledgeable about. And how many times have I, and I don't know what this, I don't even know what this guy does for a living. But let's say maybe, well, there's no talent, but even a master of something shouldn't say I know I'm right. Yeah. Very, very, very seldom. Yeah, very seldom. Man, especially that right there, I know I'm right. There's a difference between, like, I know this is true or I know this. How about this? I think this is true. Oh, okay. Well, I'm talking like, like, that's true. And the next level. Yeah. Okay. So, okay. If you want to say. Yeah. If he was there, that person was there at that location. Like, I know that that's true. Like, that's different than saying, I know I'm right about this. You know, I know I'm right. I know I'm, yeah, no. You have never said that. Meanwhile, this guy is saying it. And by the way, you know, this is like starting to get into the, hey, everyone is against me. And not only like the whole world, everyone that I, that I deal with, they all don't listen to me. What is wrong with everyone else, right? This isn't even like, hey, look, you and I had a little disagreement. I'm going to take ownership of that and just say it's my fault. No, this is everyone. Yeah. Um, continue going. I feel the majority of people see me as lesser, not worthy of respect or listening to even though listening, even though I use such obvious logic. Now this is where I start to feel like sympathy, right? Like, because now you got this bad low self-esteem, low self-apignant. And when you see yourself as lesser than you start to overcompensate for many people, start to overcompensate. And you know, they start to try and act like, yeah, they start to say things like, I use obvious logic. There's a whole genre of people who like to use, that terms facts logic. And so when they say, well, you don't want Jocco, look, I come at people with facts and logic and sometimes it just pisses them off. And what they don't, you know what I mean? It's a, it's a thing that, it's one of the things that you say you refer back to a lot, which is when someone says, you know, hey, I'm just that type of person just have to do it. They feel the same way about saying, look, I just deal with facts and logic. And, you know, people just need to, people can't accept it. And what do you can say, well, you know, lies are better or it's one of those, it's kind of like you put yourself on a, in a, in a position of authority, right? Listen, I like to use facts and logic as like irrefutable. Yeah, I use facts and logic and other people are just emotional and crazy. And obviously everyone's just listening to me. So that's kind of, that's kind of a little bit of that tonality here. So it continues, these people, and by the way, a people is in quotes. I'm not kidding. People is in quotes. These people as if they're subhumans. Yes, these people continuously try to exercise their power over me defiantly and extreme and then it's kind of a weirdly word at sentence and extreme non-inflintial presence, even with logic, tact and respectfulness. So he's talking about himself. No one wants to listen to me. So just saying that you have tact, respectfulness and logic. I mean, this is, there's no ownership about the message, about the delivery, about the tonality, about the attitude, everything is everyone else's fault. And by the way, like this is one of those things where if you just talk about, you know, I got this one department and the two senior people in department, they have a real. Then you start thinking, okay, well, you know, maybe they maybe they got some ego and maybe you need to massage their, you know, work through that. This is everyone. This is where talking about, you know, everyone that I'm interacting with doesn't listen to me, they disrespect me. He continues on people just refuse to even respectfully move out of a way when I'm trying to get around them, not even strangers people I live with. This, this statement, first of all, why not move around other people, right? That's first of all. Second of all, you ever hear when someone says, oh, I was thinking about buying a Corvette. And now everywhere I look, I see Corvettes. Yeah. And this is the same thing where he feels disrespected. Now, anytime anybody's in his way, it's there are straight up disrespected. And hopefully it, yes, can continue on. I don't understand what it is about me that most people don't respect. Everyone seems to have the attitude to defy or oppose everything. I say, no matter the circumstance, whether I'm trying my best to lead, give it, vice, etc., people won't listen to me. They won't get behind me. I lack so much influence. It's not funny. I try but to know a veil, what do you think? So here's what I think to this individual. Stop trying so hard. Stop trying so hard to lead. Stop trying so hard influence. Stop trying so hard to give advice to everybody. Leadership starts with following people. That's where leadership starts. I would say assessing what I'm reading that you lack real true confidence. Real true confidence. You have some false bravado that makes you say it's obvious and unlogical. That's not real. I think you lack and the lack of confidence comes through all over this thing. And so does the overcompensation. So oddly enough, let me tell you something. Start training GG2. Strange thing to say, right? Strange thing to say, start lifting weights. Those are two things. I'm going to say start training GG2, start lifting weights. Why? Because you lack confidence. And those things will start to give you confidence. Start listening to people. Instead of always feeling like you need to give your two cents start listening to people. It actually takes confidence to listen. I write about that in leadership strategy and tactics. It takes extreme confidence to accept other people's ideas. That takes the highest level of confidence. And if you don't know that then you're constantly trying to show that you don't need to listen their ideas. So start listening to other people. Start trying to support their plans instead of trying to force your great ideas down everyone's thoughts. Because right now you don't have a relationship with anybody. All you do is you're constantly outbound to people. Do this, do that. It's always about you. So start following other people. Start supporting other people. It takes confidence. It takes true confidence to follow. It takes true confidence to support other people. And right now you don't have that kind of confidence. You don't have that kind of humility. And so you act arrogant. And that's that right there is probably why no one listens to you. Because you act arrogant. So force yourself to be humble. Force yourself to listen. Force yourself to follow. And over time you will start to be appreciated. And when people start to appreciate that you and the way you behave, then people will start to listen to you. And then eventually you can. You will be followed by people. And all that right there starts off with you taking ownership. Of your shortfalls instead of blaming everyone else. Because that's exactly what this whole thing is. And if you want to go through life, blaming everyone else for everything that doesn't go your way, then you actually have no power over it. And you'll just continue in this situation forever. But if you want actually take ownership of it, you can fix the shortfalls, which are yours. They're your shortfalls. And then you can become eventually the leader that you want to be. Otherwise, you continue down this path of blaming everyone else, not changing yourself. And you will continue to be not listened to, not respected. Pro, this is like, this is an extreme case. It's an extreme case. But it's an extreme case. But it's an extreme case. And I really hope. I mean, I truly hope that this individual is really listening. Because the way that this individual feels about everyone else, it's going to be really easy for me with Jockel's media. Yeah. Jockel's people. Another one of those people. People. Yeah. Well, listen to my logic. Yeah. And it makes that actually, honestly, it makes me sad. It makes me sad to see someone in the state. Yeah. It does. Well, then, and I don't want to come off like, or I'm a extreme case like I'm this like expert, but I will say that, well, I think we all are in the same boat. But you should say that speaking of Americans, but we're all in the same boat to say we know what this is. Like, we know people like this all the time. Yeah. Yeah. As like, you know, I'm not like disparaging fitness people at all, but you ever had an extreme fitness person where if you ate some bubble gum, they'd be like, you know much sugars in that bubble gum, the thing is, that's all true. Well, that facts, all those facts and logic. You know, this stuff, oh yeah, they're not going to land them because, bro. Okay. So I used to get into that argument, but little things with my brother were he, he had everyone's one. He's not an extreme case, but everyone's one who'll bust out some debate stuff. You know, I don't know where. Right. When you know how someone will say something, and they're just talking casually. And then you'll be like, hey, what you said, there's no right in me, but you're all this stuff, right? Yeah, no one likes that. No one likes that. You no matter how correct, no matter. So what I wound up telling them to try to sum up the whole thing, I said, what you're saying is right, but what you're doing is wrong. So it's like there's another level to it. You know, like all this facts and logic, whatever. Yeah, you told that to your brother. Yes. Like when you, when you, you guys were in a debate of some kind? No. You were just giving a general sort of overview of his existence. I was scolding him for getting people into debates all the time. You know, like if you mean you were talking to his listening, and like there was this time, I think this is what prompted it. Where me and Terry were, and we were just talking about kids, you know, just kind of raising kids and we're like doing this and this and he was sort of listening and kind of in the conversation, but I was talking to him. And he was, and we were talking about something. I forget exactly what it was, but something about like, oh, if you do this, this will create this response with a kid. And then we're like, what if it had the reverse response or whatever? And then he chimed in with something like, oh no, it would have this initial response. And I'm like, well, but you could stand a reason that they might respond like this. You know, kind of just talking, no, like, isn't it interesting, kind of thing? And then meanwhile, I'm talking to Terry by the way. And facilitating Jade's comments, but I'm more talking to Terry. And then he interrupting, because no, no, there's studies about this and that. And then everyone's kind of like, pausing was like, oh, these things really aggressive right now. He even said afterwards. He's like, no, I'm sorry. I came off whatever. He likes to do that. Oh, yeah, big time. And that's why I wound up when I say scolding. It's like, brother, it's your brother. So it's not even scolding. But in the last, it's, yeah, like, what you're saying, regardless of what it is, like, if you, if you have all these, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, logic, irrefutable logic and facts and all this stuff, like, brother, that's all correct. But what you're doing is wrong. Well, what, what, just one thing that really bothers me about this is I actually know 100%, which I just talked about not saying. I know that an individual in this situation can turn it around. Yeah, so I thought that would be a good turn around. Yeah. There's a, in leadership strategy and tactics, I have a second called conform to influence. And it just talks about like, hey, basically what you just said, you know, when the fitness person's like, hey, you should work out every day at four o'clock in the morning. And people are like, hey, dude, I'm not going to listen to you because you're barking at me. Yeah. You know, I had this question at the master in Australia from the female that was like, hey, I love health. I care about health. I'm working out every morning. I'm trying to get everyone motivated. I'm telling them that they shouldn't be eating what they're eating for lunch. I'm telling them they should come work out with me afterwards. And she's basically not part of the crew. Yeah. They're all just looking at her thinking, just be quiet. And I said, why don't you form some relationships with the people so that they start to listen to you. That's another kind of overlying to our underlying tone here is you don't have relationships with anybody. Why are they going to listen to anything that you say? Yeah. Form relationships with people. How do you do that? You listen to them. You follow them. You support them. Yeah. That is like you say that you can recover from it and that, yeah. But it's not going to be the next day, man. It's in fact. I don't know. Yeah, yeah. For sure. He's got a little campaign. He's got a campaign. Yeah. Because the same way that you look at the Corvette thing that you did and you're always seeing the Corvette everywhere. And so it's like this kind of pattern of thought, right? Where now he looks at everyone as like, oh, I just can't wait. It's almost like he's waiting for them anticipating them to respect them or whatever. And that's just how. But it's a two-way street. People are not waiting for him to say some BS to them now. He's going to roll in the room and people are like, here comes whatever. Love this crap. Let me throw high promises at you. The reason I think it might be a little not as hard as you think it would be is because I bet people don't really have these horrible feelings about them. I bet they're just kind of like, you know what I mean? Yeah. It's kind of like, oh, yeah. Like, when they say, oh, you know, when they say to them, I don't think we're going to do it that way. He's thinking, she, they don't listen. And they're really just thinking, well, it seems like there's a problem with that. You know, whether it seems like that be a little logistically complicated. And he doesn't hear that. He just hears, they hate me and they don't listen to me. That is possible. So it might not be, you know, I get asked sometimes, you know, well, I'm a female. And the guys are thinking, that's her, I'm a man. I'm working on these women. They're thinking that. And I go, you know, probably it's thinking the most about being a man in that room. You. You know, it's probably thinking the most about being a woman. You know, I've been taught, I've had female leaders come and brief me over and over again. And I'm not thinking, oh, it's a woman. I'm going to see it from this perspective. No, are there some people that do that? Sure. But most people are like, oh, what's what is she talking about? Yeah. So there's a good chance that some of this is just in his head. It's some of it is just in his head. And the person that's thinking about this the most is actually him. Yeah. It's possible. It's also possible that, well, I, this, this much I can promise you. These people are not going home and thinking about him all night. I can promise you that's not happening. Maybe two of them are. Yeah. But he's going home and thinking about them all day all night. He's thinking about how much they disrespect him, how much they're not thinking about that. They don't move out of his way. Somebody, you know, he walks down the hallway and wants to get into the freaking refrigerator room. And someone's in the way. And, and, you know, they kind of like, like, go first. Yeah. They never think about that moment again. He's dwelling on it. Don't dwell on it, man. No one's thinking about it. Just be, this be cool. Listen, other people. Be humble. That's rough, too. Like, if that's in your mind, like, people just won't even get out of my way when I'm trying to go around them, like, well, bro, that's like some sensitive, like, bro, that's where you're finding this, the, right, you're finding Corvette. You're finding Corvette. You're finding Corvette. Everywhere you look is a Corvette. Even Corvette's that aren't Corvette's start looking like Corvette's. You know what I'm saying? You start seeing, you know, ferocious. I'm looking like, yes, unfortunately. You start looking like a Corvette. Yeah. Brother, and yeah, the, to me, as far as me goes, that's true, but at the same time, everyone could know this about this guy. Everyone could have this like notion of this guy that this is who this guy is or any. He's so annoying. Every little thing that I do, he has some advice to make it different or better, you know, like, even those guys, you don't think about them when they're not there. Well, yeah, yeah, even those guys, yeah, when they show up, you're like, oh, here comes Billy. Yeah, with this. And somebody named Bill, by the way, hit me up on social media. It's where I was all the bad guys named Bill. Okay, so let's say, Darren, you know, you got, you got little Darren coming in you go, here's Darren with his wild mouth. Oh, yeah. He's got his own ideas. Yeah. He leaves, I'm not thinking about Darren. It's not driving me crazy. I'm not writing. I'm not taking a year. He took a year to formulate this email, a year to form this. So he's thinking about this all the time for a year to try and articulate it the right way, which by the way, according to him, he did. He did articulated the right way. He says, I've been working on asking you this question for over a year and this is the best way I think I can articulate it. This is it. That's the best way. Yeah. Yeah, man. It's hard. Okay, so there's this. I thought you were going to comment, at least on the fact that I told him to start training in GJ2. Yeah, what? But I have nothing to add. Yes, sir. It's a real thing. Real thing. Help yourself confidence. Yeah. Hang around with some other people. Get choked out. Get choked. Get armed locked. So lifting weights. Yeah, and maybe you're getting in shape. Maybe one of those results, one of the many results of that might be, but you won't be compelled to try to correct everybody. Everyone where you go, you're like, okay, so sometimes like, I want to say all the time, if people aren't asking for like advice, not all the time, sometimes it works. But if they're not asking for advice, he can't just just well, solicited, be correct. And people. How often are you walking around just standing by and hoping that everyone gives you advice on stuff? There's not a lot of people like that. Yeah, I mean, it's really rare. But there is a time, okay, back to my brother, J. You stuck in sand with his truck. I'm quite. So he wasn't stuck stuck, but he was getting stuck. And we could all see him. He was kind of in the distance there. And he started, it started to get stuck. And there's all kinds of techniques to get on stuck in sand. All kinds of techniques, right? But there's a protocol, it's pretty standard or whatever. So he's beginning to get stuck in our other friend, Richard, who is he the most tactful guy in the world. Sounds like a man. Every single moment of his life, maybe not. And then at this particular moment, it wasn't. So I see Richard walking over there about to go give J. Some advice on how to not get stuck. Right? Is he qualified to give advice and his J. Should J be taking advice at this point? Okay, well, that's another question. To me, if you're about to get stuck, if it really seems like you're about to get stuck, and someone's going to offer you advice to not get stuck. Yeah, I think logically. Right? You should take the advice. But we're dealing with the real world here. So J is about to get stuck. J has a protocol in his mind. He's not like unaware of this protocol. But he has it in his mind. But according to what seemed like what it looked like was in Richard's mind, he didn't. So Richard's aggressively running over there, aggressively going over there to give him some unsolicited advice. Which he obviously needs. Right? And we can hear any of the advice. You can't hear it. We only see the body movements. Right? So you see aggressively, Richard's telling him what every is telling him with his hand movements and all this stuff. You know, J is like no reaction. You know, the kind of when you're really annoyed, but you have no reaction. You're just like kind of looking down on whatever. And he's like doing his own protocol. Me and our Richard's coaching him aggressively, not landing at all, falling on deaf ears as it were. And every time it's like every maybe five, ten seconds, Richard would turn around and throw his hands up as if to say, just guys, not listening to me. And he did that maybe three, four times. Right? So you could tell it was not going good over there. So I'm like, all right. So we're all watching it mean by the brother and we're kind of laughing a little bit. Because we see the scenario. We see J getting stuck or in stuck or in Richard. And we just see the whole thing playing out. So later on, we kind of talked to J kind of teasing him. Right? Like, probably I wouldn't. He just just like listen, whatever. And he went into that side of the whole deal where it's like, man, he can't. Like, it's hard to listen when someone just like jumps in your whole stressful situation, offering you all this like whack advice in this whack kind of way. Yeah, there's ways to deliver advice in critical situations like that. And even then most likely an indirect approach is advised. And that's if the, okay, in this situation to hand or it doesn't matter what it looked like to us. It looked what it looked like to Richard is like, all this car obviously needs my advice right now. Obviously. And he did his mind. He's like, I've done this before. So, so I had a conversation with somebody on EF online the other day. I was saying, look, in this situation, you, you should approach with an indirect approach. Yeah. And then as I'm talking to her, I can see that she's not. She's kind of annoyed. And she actually was like, like a logic and facts based thing, look, why can't I just say the logic and facts? So what's going on and then have everyone just get on board with the program? What's the kind of, what was the thought process, right? And I said, you know, I can see that this bothers you because what you're saying from your perspective is look, I know the facts. It doesn't make any sense that I waste all this time trying to, you know, take this indirect approach to try and get someone to understand the facts so we can change the direction that we're going or adjust the plan. Accordingly, that's just dumb. I said, I can see that on your face. Here's the thing. If you take a direct, which is why we're having this conversation, by the way, you take a direct approach and it doesn't work. So you don't adjust the plan. I'm suggesting you take an indirect approach, which will actually work. And yes, it will take a little more time upfront, but the result will be positive. So if Richard would have taken an indirect approach and walked over and it would be, why should I have to tell J that and why should I have to say, I could just tell him, hey, you need to put it reverse rock it or whatever advice he had to give him. If you had gone over and said, you know, hey, do you want me to tell you where your tires are at or something like that? Right. Just a little indirect approach. Jump on his team. Yeah, just jump on his team. And then all of a sudden, J's mind is open. I'll just send that literally on the same team, just by saying, hey, you want to put some weight on the front for you? No, whatever. Hey, you know, do you want me to throw some extra? Whatever. Whatever you do to get on the team. And then you're going to win in the end and the indirect approach, which seems like a big pain in the ass out of the gate. Oh, I got to keep leaving. I have to do this and play this game. I have to play this game. Like, yeah, listen to what I'm talking to you about. Play the game because you will actually get accomplished what you want to have get accomplished. As opposed to, you know, I'm just going to, I'm just going to take a direct approach. Yeah. To tell them what's up. People aren't ready to receive it. And so it's useless. Oh, it's so true. Like you. And I'm thinking back to the tired, getting stuck in the sense in aerial too. Where? And here's the thing to do it. To make it matters worse, like it's reasonable to assume that how Richard came up to him wasn't like, hey, like we got a problem. Let's do this. It wasn't that. It was like a dummy stuck in the sand dummy. Like, you know what you're doing. Kind of kind of the, I don't know. I'm not sure what he said, but it seemed like that was the approach. Right. Not only the direct approach, it was just openly hostile. It was openly hostile. It was openly hostile. So now you get immediate defensiveness. I'm not listening to anything. You say, I would rather get stuck. Yep, then listen to you. That was literally like what I felt. Like it seems like J.D. right now with way rather gets stuck and then listen to Richard right now. And quite frankly, I don't blame him. The way Richard was throwing up his hands like, oh my gosh, you're so dumb. Kind of a kind of a thing. Like again, I didn't hear what he said, but that's what that's what his body language was saying. I'll tell you that. So man, I kind of, I felt them and felt them. So yeah, man. Let's hope that this guy here can actually listen to what we're saying. I mean it in the most positive possible way. I think you can get out of this situation, but you got to take ownership of what's going on. And you got to make some real changes. Hit us back up. Hit me back up on that. That'd be cool. I'd like to hear how it all works out. There's one where you're a positive feedback. I think Jordan Peterson, I think it was on Joe Rogan, but so on, you know how they make those like, Jordan, peace and version. First Jordan. Yeah. And what he said got was part of, you got made into that, right? Part of it. So he was like, um, he was like, everybody's rejecting you. Everybody's rejecting you. Yeah. It's you. It's funny because it's like the tone that he said it, but that's kind of irrefutable logic. Right there. You know, where it's like, man, you're kind of like the girl. It's a joke, I think. I'm pretty sure it's a joke. The girl who goes to the doctor and says, hey, like, um, my, my feeling. I'm not sure if you're a singer, her to whatever, you know, like, when I touch here, like, my finger hurts or whatever, and then the doctor goes, okay, the solution is don't touch there, you know, kind of thing for that's like, it's real obvious to people, you know, it's the torture genius that Lave talks about an extreme ownership. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. They look, I'm right and everyone else just doesn't see the brilliance of my, you know what I'm doing. No one sees how brilliant I am. No one sees how brilliant I am. Yeah, they're too dumb. And yeah, it's just horrible for me. And it's like, no, actually, maybe you're not right. No, first. So at the very least, something's not right. Very low. These are your approaches wrong. Next question. Is it necessary to explain the why of what you're doing as a leader if you're not ever asked why? My varsity athletes never question anything as I assume they think that I'll, it'll be disrespectful or because they simply think they need to follow my directions. Yeah, they're absolutely no one. And people on your team do not need to ask you why for you to tell them. You should tell them why they're doing what they're doing, that way they can lead, that way they have a deeper understanding of what they're doing, that way they know how to act and what to do when you're not there, which you won't always be there. And when you do that, they actually learn. They're actually learning how to lead themselves because they start to understand the importance of knowing why. So this happens to me. I mean, there's a lot of people that have worked from over the years that I didn't need to tell them why to do anything. But they were ready to rock and roll. Like they did not care. I mean, you think JP ever looked at me and said, hey, hey, you explain to me why you want me to do that? No, he's like JP machine gunnest attack. He's attacking, like by the time I get out of my mouth, he's going. So there was no reason. He's never going to ask me why. You know, at least not back then, you know, now that we work together all the time, if I'm like, hey, I think we should do this. He said, well, why do you want me to do that? Because he's, you know, he's running FTXs and he knows what's going on more than I do. So if I tell him to do something or I ask him to do something, he might say, well, why do you want me to do that? What's the effect you're looking for? It's different now. But my point is, much like a varsity athlete, you know, that respects their coach and likes their coach and wants to do a good job. Well, when JP was 21 years old, he wasn't asking me why to do anything. And you know, for that matter, that was true for a lot of people that have worked for me over the years. Like, they trust me and they don't, they don't need no why they're doing what they're doing. They're going to do it. They're going to do it to the best of their ability. That doesn't mean that I don't tell them why. Because I absolutely should. Because if you don't know why you're doing what you're doing, you can't read decentralized command doesn't work, can't make decisions in the field. So even with football athletes, it's cool that they're totally just on board. But you should still tell them why because it's a good principle to follow in any leadership situation. Yeah, yeah, especially as a coach too, man, that'll like supercharge the learning process, I think, or the training process. Like, even like in Jiu-Jitsu, this is good examples, like like, hate the scape or shrimp being right. You know, when you first start or whatever, if you're just doing it across the map, you're getting taught how to do it and all this stuff and you're kind of like, I don't really get why we're doing it. Good point. Right now. You're going to do it. You just do it because everyone else is doing it. What are you going to do? A new martial arts class. And you're going to start asking that. That's actually an excellent example. Is if you know why you're learning the hip escape, then you do it with better intent. And no one could tell just by watching you do it whether what your intent was or not. Even though they might get a little scent of your intent. But it's one of those situations. But if you know why you're doing it, you're going to do it better. Just like if you're coaching football and you got guys running a certain thing, they're not going to ask you why. But if you tell them why they know why they're doing it, they're going to do it better. Yeah. So, truly the football thing. Because in football, you do kind of some oddball things if you just see it on the surface. You know, there's a thing called the grass drills. Right. Where you just basically you get your feet like you kind of run in place real fast. Like kind of little bit wider stance. And then you like basically you sprawl. You know, yeah, and you hit the ground, you get back up real quick. And then you do, there's all these drills you do. Right. They face the ball this way. Then you turn and then you come back and you're chopping your feet the whole time. So on the surface, I remember when I was like little doing that, I remember thinking, oh yeah, this is just like conditioning. Really? Like, convenient, about conditioning, getting back up would. But after a while, you're like, nah, because if you get knocked down, which you will, you can knock down like three times within like 15 seconds, you know, like the faster you can get up and start running again, it's like, bro, that's a good skill to have, you know, kind of thing. So if you're drilling that every single day, every single day, not only do you get better and quicker at that, it becomes way more instinctual. So okay, then there's a lot more to it, obviously. But man, if someone was explaining that to you every time you're doing it, like even just yelling it out, just calling it out as it's happening, like, good, this is going to get you guys up quick when you get knocked down on a plate. You know, just yelling it out, who cares? Whatever, you don't have to sit them down and say, this is why you're doing these guys. You don't have to say that necessarily I'm saying in a football situation. But if you're going through that training with that in your mind, like, oh, I know why I'm doing this, but you're going to charge that thing and, you know, promsolve better while you're trying to, yeah, man. It's, yeah, okay, go to the deep on that one. I used, when I was coaching a lot of MMA fighters, I would always be telling them why they're doing a drill. And maybe think of when you were saying, you know, even if they're just yelling at you, you know, I'd be like, this is the end of the round. This is where you're going to be. Right. Yes. If you're down here, this is where you're going to have to get back up. This is where the fight gets won. Like, you know, because, you know, some fighters, if they get taken down and they're a striker and they're going to get to good grapple, if they get taken down, they're going to have to get back up to win the fight. Yeah. And so when they know that, you can see it, compute in their brain. Whereas if I'm just saying, you get back up. Yeah. No. So tell people why. We're like one more question. Question. I've listened to all of the podcasts before asking this question. Can you please explain, how do you deal or have dealt with your insecurities? Thank you very much for your help. I guess broadly fundamentally what I'm going to do with my insecurities is I'm going to confront them. I'm going to put them out there. I'm going to own them. I'm going to own them. I'm going to own my insecurities. If I had to think of examples of situations where insecurities came into play for me, one, I was going through Buds Basic Seal Training and there was an event called Pool Competency where you are wearing your underwater breathing apparatus, your scuba gear and they do all these horrible things to you and it's a very hard evolution and I failed it. I was confident going into it because I've done well. Most of the water things underwater, not tying, life savings, et cetera, et cetera. I had done well. It was comfortable in the water. When I failed this thing, which was, I was freaked out because people would fail, pool comp and get kicked out of Buds. It's a nightmare for me. I fail. By the way, if you fail, so you take it on Friday and then if you fail, you take it again on Monday. If you fail, again, you're rolled back and then once you're rolled back, now you fail something else and you're gone. It's a nightmare for me. I'm completely, I've gone from confidence to insecurity about this thing. What did I do? I've met in a couple of the other guys. I don't know why the instructors let us do this. They could probably get in trouble for it, but they let us take the scuba gear and use it in the dip tank, which is just a big bucket full of, I mean, a big container full of water, probably four feet deep and it's probably eight feet long by four feet wide. So it's just a small, where you take fresh water and you put things to clean it. You put in fresh, we call it a dip tank. So they let us fill the dip tank up with one, totally unsupervised and we went in there, we pool comp each other. So we ripped each other's mask off, beat each other to hell and just trashed ourselves. And by the time I went on Monday, I was that insecurity that I had was now gone because we had been so freaking harsh to each other that by the time I was rolling and I was like, yeah, this is an even insecure that I'm like, bring it, go bring what you got. I'm ready. So that's a, that's one way to overcome. That I look at is something I was insecure nervous about, right? How am I going to overcome it? I'm going to attack it. I'm going to go straight into that thing, into that insecurity. Another thing I was thinking about was kind of funny was I was like at a bar, you know, burping into, when I was young and single and whatever, hanging out, you know, having some beverages and I'm choked with chatting with some girl that I met and you know, as we're talking, we're just kind of just talking, having a good time, whatever. And she's like, oh, you know, what are you, you know, what are you, you know, what are you, I'm a dental hygienist. She's a dental hygienist and all that's cool. And then she says like something like, you know, we could take care of that gap in your teeth. She says that through and like without missing a beat, I'm like, are you serious? I didn't know that you could expand gaps. How much bigger could you make it? And you know, like she was, she was like totally, I don't know if the word stoked, but she realized that this, whatever, you know, this gap between my teeth, which some people might have is a big insecurity, like, oh, you know, cover your mouth. Um, those are, it's fine. Like there it is. I'm making fun of it basically. Make it. So that's, I think that is the bottom line when you have some kind of in something that you're insecure about. Well, if it's something that you can take control of or cool, then attack it and get good at it. You know, if you're insecure about talking in front of people, cool, attack that problem and get better at it. If you're insecure about, you know, confrontations with people start training to get to. If you're insecure, whatever, whatever you're insecure about, do it more. If you're insecure, if you think I have your time I read an email, I feel like, you know, it looks like junk, cool, right, more get better at writing. So there's insecurities that you have like that you can attack. If there's something that you can't change or that you can't control, then just get it out there and have fun with it. As far as I'm concerned, you know, make, does that make sense? Is that a bad answer? No, not to get into. In fact, that's a very clever response to the dental hygienist. The dental hygienist wanting to fix the gap in my teeth. So that I think that's good for questions, you know, and hey, it's an interesting time since right now, what is it? It's April 2020. A lot of mayhem going on in the world, everything from, well, we got viruses, you know, and it's the tornadoes and just all kinds of things. And, you know, as I look at what's going on, it's just a gentle reminder to everybody and maybe not so gentle reminder that the world is a hard place. The world as a hard place in the world has no mercy. The world does not care. Nature does not care, disease and disaster and viruses and violence. And this is the thing that you need to remember is that even time itself, even just time itself is picking you apart. So we every minute of every day, time is taking you down. And if you stare at that stuff, long enough, if you stare at those things, long enough, then just like the sun, it, it'll blind you. And so I say, don't stare at it. Don't stare at those things. Don't let them possess your brain. Don't let them take over your mind because just like the sun can blind you, the sun also, the sun also gives us light. And it gives us warmth. And it gives us life. And those dreadful things in the world, they may win in the end. And I can actually guarantee that time will. Time will win in the end, but it's not going to win right now. So in the meantime, make sure you live. Make sure you give it everything you got. Make sure you leave it on the field. And live your life not blinded by the sun, but fueled by it. I don't know if that's all I've got for tonight. The record Charles, speaking of fuel, I know we need some clean fuel for our undertakings. What is it? Clean fuel, no excuses. All right, well, what is it, juggle? Clean fuel, no excuses. That's a good one. Are you missing one apparently? All right, well, we're going to revisit that last one another time, but in the meantime, what we can do is you're probably forgetting the most important one. Maybe it's hard work. All right, hard work. That's not enough. That's not enough. That's why we were reaching. Last, yes, hard work. Clean fuel, no excuses. There you go. Origin, USA. By the way, but before we begin to clean fuel, we're going to do hard work. But it's better in my opinion to do hard work, doing something that you enjoy. And that's going to benefit you. By the way, explain why you're doing what you're doing. That gives you physical training, physical strength, physical stamina, and confidence. Yes, sir. We're hoping that the home's going to start to train if you just get that confidence up. Capability across the board. Be more capable and increase it your confidence. Yes, sir, big time. So we're training, jiu-jitsu. We're working out, working out, and training jiu-jitsu. Well, at this very moment, jiu-jitsu is kept to, for two minimum. We'll say a minimum, really, which is the safe and right thing to do, by the way. You'd think that sounds debatable. Right now. You know, we did that podcast with Andy. We did a grounded podcast with Andy. And I forget when we recorded it, but like we were talking about jiu-jitsu and whatever people are like, you know, training is morally irresponsible and stuff. Like, were you guys trained? Well, for what we didn't. But I don't even remember what phase of, you know, all that was going on. But yeah, so the bottom line is you are correct right now. Jiu-jitsu training is kind of at a fatal moment. Yeah, big for everybody. Yeah, I mean, I don't want to get too into like, what, you know, where, where we stand on like the whole thing or whatever, but there's like a big picture, small picture scenario going on. And a short term in long term scenario kind of playing out. Like it always does. And like, I think like if you're doing, okay, so what I use is this term, like falling on the right side of the fence of history or something like that. Where, okay, we're trying with this thing, we're just ready for it to be done. This whole deal. If quarantine, all this stuff, we're ready for it to be done. So there's certain things you can do and not do to kind of help facilitate the passing of this thing. And then there's things that kind of don't help the facility, this health facility, the facility, the passing of these things. And those things you can do that halt the passing of this thing. That jam will solve up. All right. Okay. So the question is what are we doing? So try to do it. So what are you doing? Exactly. It's so far every time everybody, but you know, the things that are like the short term long term, short term you're going to have to, you're going to have to take a hit short term. You know what I mean, small picture, you just do an abunch of other stuff. I think about it. You're getting better even when I'm not training because I'm studying. Yeah, that's see. And there you go. Mental reps. Medicines, some stuff. But you know, the thing is it's a two-sided situation that has to be like, they're battling with each other. And it's kind of, it's kind of whack. So dichotomy. So dichotomy. And the last one we get back to, you just do if we weren't already in jujitsu and we're going to start jujitsu when we can. We're going to get a geek. We're going to get a rash card. That's just the sort of the uniform. Really, best in the world, origin. Yeah. Well, it's just sort of a nose. Hey, look, we make jujitsu geys. We make jeans. We make boots right at this moment in time. April, 2020. We actually have shifted to making face coverings. Is the term, right? Because the president and the CDC and the government has said to where face coverings. So we started making face coverings. We actually shut down our other lines to make face coverings for people. So that's what's going on right now at originmain.com. We will get back to manufacturing jeans, boots, t-shirts at the whole nine yards. There's still some stuff in stock. As far as geys and stuff go, but right now that's what we're focused on is trying to get help America get through this scenario that we're in right now. And so you can you can check out those masks if you want. We won't be making them for a long. Just because other people are starting to catch up. And so we were able to pivot very quickly because we have the entire supply chain right there. We own everything. We make everything. There's no, like, do we have everything in house? So Pete and the team at origin was able to really quickly start making these face coverings. And so as other companies start to make, make them, we'll go back to making what we want to make. You know, no one wants to be in the business of making masks, right? But that's what the country needs. So that's what we're doing right now. If you want to get one of those, yeah, you can get them at originmain.com. We're trying to make them as fast as we can. And so that's one way to help America get through this. They're not N95 masks, right? They're what we can make, which is face coverings, which is what is in demand. You know, like I went to a meeting the other day on a construction site and you know what? You have to wear a face covering. So what am I wearing? I'm wearing an origin face cover. That's what it's made for. It's not made for me to go and work in an ER. No, it's made to show respect to someone else. Hey, look, I don't want to call for you. I don't want to if I have it, which no one knows if you haven't or not, because a lot of people are asymptomatic. So you wear this thing to protect the people around you. You know, strangers, normal people, and what you're doing there is you're going back to what you were saying earlier. You are doing your best to halt the disease. So we can get back to normalcy. So if you want one of these masks or an originmain.com, and you can get one there. Also, we have a bunch of supplements there. So if you're, and I know this is, you know, we've seen a huge spike in like mole, right? Because people don't want to go to the store. There's starting to be a shortage of food. If you get mole, you know, if you get mole, which is good tasting protein. And we're selling a ton of mole right now because people know that it's a good thing to have, you know, in your house. Because you can feed your kids, you can feed you. You can, I don't know. I don't know what to make the claim that you know, however you're long, you could survive on mole cold. But it's a great, it's a great thing to have in your house as, as food suppliers are getting shut down. Because of the virus or whatever. So we've been selling a ton of mole, we've been selling a lot of, we sold out of Cold War, which is like an immune system booster. We just got it back in stock. And that's been selling like crazy because it's got, you know, it's got things that help boost your immune system. Again, is this, is this a origin, or is this a COVID, destroyer? No, it's just going to help your immune system. So people don't want to get sick right now. So that's been selling a lot. But that's what we're doing at a origin right now. It's, you know, different, it's different times. What else, what am I missing? Yeah. But I mean, the retina supplements, you know, the joint warfare. That's one thing that's going on right now. A lot of people are working out, you know, hard-coated, you need that joint warfare. Um, krill oil. So we got all that stuff still. But, um, yeah, if you still, if you want to check that stuff out, you can check that out. We're also, like, we're making some fitness equipment. We, you know, like, pile boxes. Yeah. We just started making pile boxes. Why? Look, our goal is not to make pile boxes. Here's the deal. A America is sold out of pile boxes right now. And so people want them because they're shifting to a home gym scenario. Yeah. So we just started manufacturing those. So if you want to get a pile box, you can go and what, look, we're doing what we can to help get through this situation. We just made another thing, which you saw the burden. The burden. It's like a old, I know it's, it's, what was it? It's like a kettlebell slash Bulgarian bag slash medicine ball slash any other slashes. Oh, old boxing glove. I don't know old boxing glove. Yes. So we got thing called a burden, which you're going to be able to use for kettlebell exercises. But it's made a leather. It's bad. Asloka. We got it. So yeah. Well, what the, you can explain the history on now, or the, you know, I mean, the long history is I have an idea. Which I talked to P.O.A.L.A. ago, we brainstormed of making something called the burden, which was something you could just carry. We could just carry the burden with you all the time, right? So no matter what's happening, you carry the burden. You can put it in your backpack. You can put it in your briefcase. You can, and you're constantly carrying around, you know, 20, 30 pounds worth of extra weight, which just makes you stronger. So, but you know, it's, you know, you go through a development process and you look at, you know, what, what, what resources do we want to put on doing this from the company? And right now, again, a bunch of people are saying they have to work at home now, work out at home. And they can't, because they don't have any equipment. Well, how can we make good, you know, what can we make that would make it possible for people to work out at home better? This is one of those things, you know, everybody wants, I mean, you, the amount of that, the amount of different workouts you can do with a kettlebell is phenomenal. So this, and kettlebells are, you know, sold out everywhere. Everywhere. All gym equipment, this all that, every gym equipment, everywhere sold out. It's crazy because my, you know, my wife's talking to her little groups and all this stuff and everyone's asking her, like, hey, do you guys have any extra weight? So I'm like, why the heck is it like, why is everyone asking this? Why is this Jennifer for a gender garden class asking about kettlebells? Yeah, because the gym shut down and they're like, hey, they know that we have a bunch of weights or whatever, but it's, it was crazy how many people were asking us. Like, hey, do you have any extra, my neighbor's like, hey, do you have any extra weights, you have any extra weights? Unfortunately, I don't have any extra weights. Like, I usually, like, every, I have two day workout, like, the workout programs, one day, one day, two, and they just repeat. So I use all my weights, all of them. There's literally two weight weights that I don't use. And yeah, sure enough, they just came grab them whatever. So it's like, man, yes, so they need that, the burden stuff where you keep going. Yeah, so that's the thing is, well, it'll ship with no weight in it. Like, you'll fill it with shot with steel bearings or lead shot or whatever, you know, sand or rocks, depending on how heavy you want it. But yeah, the bottom line is we're very lucky. We're very lucky because, no, no, no, I'm just, I don't want to just call it luck, but to have the capability to own the supply chain and be able to make things that, that all of a sudden are in demand. Like, there's not too many people that can pivot and go from manufacturing boots, because it's all in America. It's all under one roof. Hey, we can make these and we can make them starting in a day or two days. And that's exactly what we're doing. It's trying to give people what they need during this crisis. And it's been great so far. So if you guys want to check that stuff out, if you need a pile box at your house and or if you need a burden to carry, you can check that out, masks, whatever, there there as well. And then all the, all the different, all the different supplements are there. So appreciate the support and if you want, if you guys have ideas or whatever, you see a demand for something. Let us know because that's what we're doing. We're trying to help. We look, obviously, we want to get back just like anyone else. Everyone else. We want to get back to making jeans, boots and geese. That's what we want to make. And shorts and t-shirts and everything else. But when there's a, when there's a need, we, we have to try and help, you know, get through this. So also, we have a store, jocco store dot com, it's online store. We're, you know, on Amazon, they're, they're, they only ship, they only ship certain items quicker now. Yeah, yeah, you buy stuff through Amazon. It can take like a month for weeks. Yes, it's interesting about that is for origin supplements on Amazon. Those are in the category of getting shipped like immediate. Yeah, yeah, it's, you know, they looked at the products that we make and the health items and that just put us in the category. So if you want to get more, if you want to get joint warfare, if you want to get cold war, you can get it from Amazon right now. And it's on that list of stuff that's considered essential, which is, which is awesome. Yeah, yes. And yeah, that is good. Yeah, what I did was I, when I, you know, I was going through the list with Jeff and just pointed out some of the things that we had that I thought American needed. Sure. There you go. Mm. Being these else, we go way back. Yeah, yeah, good. Good relationship building has a really bad attempt at a joke. Yeah, I respect it. And the last, the news is, Jockel Store is okay. Is your get after it, just putting it through them shirt or hoodie? Like, is that an essential item? Yeah, maybe it will just say it's debatable. I don't know. It depends on who you are. I'm not going to make some crude kind of comparison, but you know, that look. There's no answer for that. Maybe there is. Maybe there isn't. I don't know. Back to the layman. No. With my irrefutable logic or nothing like this. But we are shipping normal. You know, have to wait the four weeks normal shipping. You know, maybe some here and there if there's like a big influx or whatever because of like, you know, the staffing and stuff. But shipping is normal. So that's good news. Anyway, Jockel Store at dot com. The street can get your disciplining suit. I'm sure it's hoodies. Rashcards, if you, hey, get a rash card now. I think we have some still. But people on the street just for now. Just be careful with it. I careful with what we're doing. Nonetheless, you're putting forth a positive message. Yes. On both. But do you wear a rash card when you just lift? I don't. No. But I do for some work out. Yeah. Yeah. So rings and stuff. Rings for sure. Rings for sure. You'd like a little bit of comfort. Yeah. And also let the protection of your arms because when you're doing a lot of, let's say, muscle ups. You're doing a lot of dips or ring push ups. Oh, yeah. You can get the chafing on your outer arm. Yeah. I can dig it. So yeah, keep that in mind. For sure. But yeah, all cool stuff on there. I think. So yeah, if you want something, get something. We'll get it to you. Also. Subscribe to the podcast. If you haven't already. When I tunes or state your Google play, wherever you listen to iTunes is a essential. But I think so nowadays, because let's face it, man, we're just doing less. You know, we're at the house more or the stuff like good, consumable stuff. Good, consumable stuff podcast books, audio or otherwise. Hmm. Like there's this going to be more that I think that's that's good that helps us through this scenario. So subscribe to the podcast is what I go saying in a really long round about way, which is fine. I mean, I guess we got we're on we're on quarantine. I got plenty of time. I'm really excited to agree. No one cares about. But it's all good. And we just started another podcast called The Thread. It is myself and Darrell Cooper of Margar made fame. Did you famous? Yes. Okay. So Darrell Cooper and I use on the last podcast and the podcast, the thread is launched. We also have grounded podcast where we talk about life. And you get to and everything in between. And then we got the Warrior Kid podcast, which you may have missed a release of Johnny Kim on the Warrior Kid podcast. So go check that out. And also when you're talking about Warrior Kids, don't forget to check out Irish Oaks Ranch.com where Eden, a Warrior Kid is making soap. Making killer soap. And that's the name of the soap. Making killer soap. So that America. And it's taking. Yep. Also YouTube, wherever you're YouTube channel. Wash your hands. Wash your hands. Wash your hands. That's the big deal right now. Wash your hands. So get yourself some, you know, some Warrior Kid soap, some killer soap. Yep. Kill the germs, man. Kill the virus. Virus. Virus. I heard that soap kills. Yeah, they're saying soap. Just like soap kills the virus. Yeah, or washed it off. Maybe I don't know. I think it kills. Well, because the virus can't live without a sustainable water habitat. Right. It's like one of those situations. Okay. Look. I'm no germologist by biological expert. Nothing like this. But from what I understand, it the virus can live only for a certain amount of time on on surfaces. Because it can't eat nothing. Right. Can't live. It's a virus. I don't think it's eating stuff. If it's living, it's eating. Trust me. Let's move on. It's a little terrible. Then we're already looking. Impossible for me. But on the last. We have a YouTube channel. Video version of this podcast and excerpts. Yes. Enhanced and otherwise. Yes. A little excerpts help you through the day to the times through situations that may arise. Scenarios. Scenarios. Scenarios. Oh, Dave. For sure. But yeah. YouTube channel. You good. Yeah. And this, the excerpts have been getting. I'm going to say, give you a little credit here. They've been getting a little bit better lately. Cool. Not the enhanced ones because I haven't seen one of those in a while because I know you've been busy doing other things. Psychological warfare. You can get that. The little psychological hitter to help you get through moments of weakness. That's the artist. Formerly known as Jocca Will and Kahn iTunes on MP3. Whatever. Flipside Canvas. Messages for you. You can check that out. Flipside Canvas.com. Got a bunch of books. Leadership strategy and tactics. Way the warrior kids. One, two and three. Mikey in the dragons. Disability, cool freedom, field manual. Extreme ownership. dichotomy and leadership. All kinds of good books for you to check out. We got echelon front leadership consultancy. Where we solve problems through leadership. Go to echelonfront.com for details on that. We've got EF online. Which has been read. We've got EF online. Which has been revamped. Refonulated according to echelotrals. Live. That's what it is. Live interactive. It is myself. It is life, Babin. This is the entire echelon front team on there virtually. We're doing online live three times a week right now. Live Q&A. So if you want to ask me a question. Go to EF online.com. We got the leadership primer. We got the forum. We got the Q&A. We got immediate action. We got all kinds of stuff to help you lead. This is the type of time right now where there's. Mayhem going on. Leadership is what is needed. So check out EF online.com. It's it's awesome. I think it's going to be the platform that. We're going to have a chance to go ahead to the main point. This is a great opportunity to get out of this. We need to be able to go ahead and get out of the way for people to get help in leadership in the world. I know that's a bold statement. I'm making it. Also we got the musters Orlando canceled. So that means next up. Phoenix Arizona, September 16th and 17th Dallas, Texas December 3rd and 4th. We're gonna fill out. We're gonna sell out faster than normal. So if you want to come Extreme ownership.com and then EFO Overwatch which has executive leadership. It's our placement firm when we take Leaders that understand the principles we talk about and we place them into companies. We also have that's for executive leadership For frontline leadership. We got EF Legion.com look we are getting I know it's financial troubles right now We've a lot of companies. There's also a lot of companies that have a massive demand And we are getting hit up to have for for employees people that want to hire. So if you're a veteran Go to EF Legion.com and sign up so we can get you connected with people that are looking to hire And if you haven't had enough of my Head splitting Garrish overly aggressive voice or you haven't had enough of echoes random semi coherent postulations and you can tune into us and connect with us on the interwebs on Twitter on Instagram and on G Facy Bulk Echo Charles is at Echo Charles and I am at Jocca wheeling into all of you that are overseas right now in uniform Keeping evil at bay during these trouble times thanks for what you're doing into police law enforcement Firefighters paramedics EMTs Dispatchers Correctional officers board of patrol secret service Thank you for keeping us safe on the home front and Special thanks to all the doctors nurses and all medical personnel that are on the front lines every day right now You're out there risking your health to keep The illness the virus at bay So thank you for your courage and sacrifice and to everyone else out there Life is not perfect And it isn't going to be easy but it is all you've got So make it a good run And make sure you enjoy the jam And You do that by getting out there every day And getting after it And until next time the Zeko and Jocco out