 This is Jockel Podcast number 136. With echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening, I go. Good evening. Who are these? Why sit? They hear in Twilight. Wherefore rock they, pergatorial shadows, drooping tongues from jaws that slob their relish, bearing teeth that lear like skulls teeth wicked. Stroke on stroke of pain. But what slow panic gouged these chasms round their fredded sockets, ever from their hair, and through their hands, palms, misery, swelters. Surely we have perished, sleeping and walk in hell, but who these hellish. These are men, whose minds the dead have ravished. Memory, fingers in their hair of mergers, multitudinous mergers, they once witnessed. Waiting slew of flesh, these helpless wander, treading blood from lungs that had loved laughter. Always they must see these things, and hear them, batter of guns, and shatter of flying muscles, carnage incomparible, and human squander, rocks to thick, for these men's extrication. Therefore, still, their eyeball shrink tormented back into their brains. Because on their sense, sunlight seems a blood smear. The sun comes blood black, dawn breaks open like a wound that bleeds a fresh. Thus, their heads, where this hilarious, hideous, awful falseness of set smiling corpses. Thus, their hands are plucking at each other, and the eyes of their scurging. Snatching after us, who smoke them, brother, calling us, who dealt them war, died before again. And that is a poem. It's a poem called Mental Kaces. And it's a poem that was written by Wilford Owen. He wrote it in 1918. He was a British poet, but he was also a British soldier. He was wounded in the first world war. He was blown up by a trench mortar. Then he spent several days unconscious lying with the shredded remains of one of his fellow officers. With those wounds, he was also diagnosed with shell shock. He was sent to a place called Craig Lockhart Hospital, which is where they sent these soldiers to be treated. There he recovered to some extent, and then he went back to the front. And on October 1st in 1918, he led a unit from the second manchesters as they assaulted enemy positions in John Court. He was awarded the military cross for that action. And on the 4th of November 1918, seven days prior to November 11th, which was the end of the war, Wilfredo was killed in action. He was shot by a German machine gunner. And that poem is obviously about the psychological damage that he saw when he was in Craig Lockhart recovering from shell shock. And I've talked about World War I on this podcast before, and I've talked about the shell shock. And if you go to YouTube and you Google World War I shell shock, and you watch some of the videos you can see, the horror of the shell shock, which reflects the horror of the war itself. The trenches, the wounds, the gas, the death, the madness of the thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of deaths over and over and over again. And that poem, mental cases, it reflects the nightmare of the shell shock inside the nightmare of this war. And I wanted to hear a little bit about what shell shock looked like from the outside. And I found an article called Shell Shock revisited an examination of the case records of the National Hospital London by Stephanie Lyndon and Edgar Jones. And that's good excerpts coming directly from doctors, nurses that worked in these wards. And here's one, this is a case from the case of a 27-year-old rifleman known as Frank D, who's diagnosed with functional tremor and neurosis like dog Korea. And if you don't know what that is, it's a disease that gives dogs seizures and tremors and fits. And again, go to YouTube, you can see these dogs suffering like that. And this is what the doctors wrote about Frank D. Patient is a territorial, which is a reservist who served heavily in World War I. Patient is a territorial and went out to France in January. He has been quite well up to a week ago. Went on April 26. He was buried under a bomb explosion in the trench. He was not unconscious but dazed and all in a tremble. All his limbs were shaking. He was conscious being carried by his comrades out of the trenches to a dugout a few hours afterwards. He had to cry and he was crying for two days. At the same time, his arms began to twitch very frequently at first. He was transferred to the 12th General Hospital and from there to here. Another case, another entry about a 23 year old Scottish private known as Henry M. from the 18th who SARS, who was diagnosed with functional facial spasm. On May 13, and this is 1915, patient was struck by several pieces of shrapnel on the right hand forearm shoulder and on the right side of the nose at its base. He was very dazed but did not lose consciousness. The wounds healed in a month. About a week after being wounded, he was operated on and ordered that a piece of shrapnel might be removed from his face. On recovering from the anesthesia, he found himself unable to move the right side of his face or open his mouth. This condition which is quite painless has persisted since and he is not eaten solid food or been able to take out his false teeth. He has been fed through a rubber tube inserted between his teeth. And all other respects he feels well, patient sits up in bed gasping in a highly alarming manner. With his left face in a strong, tonic spasm and his jaws tightly set, all efforts to open his mouth are unavailing. So strong is the contraction of his massators. He declares himself unable to breathe unless sitting up and when made to lie down, his neck is strongly retracted and set and he breathes up violently through his clenched teeth and holds his breath for as long as he can, assuming a purple tinge which is apt to be disconcerting until one is accustomed to it. By the moral aid given by strong ferodysm which is an electric current applied by the physician and forced applied to the jaw, it was possible to remove a filthy set of false teeth. During this performance, he uttered piercing shrieks and foamed and his rigidly held arms shook violently. Tears ran from his eyes and he swed it profusely from his muscular exertion and resisting the attentions well-intended though they were of the physician. When asked to close his eyes, he was able to do. In fact, the left eye is half closed in spasm. All test reveal good power in both sides of the face. The facial and jaw spasm would seem to be voluntary and due to frank malingering. In the intervals of this grotesque performance, he lies back on the pillow without any dysponia but he induces an apparent difficulty in breathing it will. Examinations reveal no organic or injury in either nervous or other systems. So just to recap, they're stating that the facial and jaw spasms would seem to be from voluntary and malingering, basically saying that he's doing this so that he can avoid the war. Here's another different type of symptom of shell shock. This is a 23-year-old private named Albert R. And it's reported that he had marked twitching of the face and the whole body at times trembles. He looks ill and regurgitates wind. He complains of a peculiar feeling of worms growing in the lower part of the abdomen. He coughs considerably and said that his stomach swells up. Alump appears in his throat which chokes him. And he is continually expecting. The nights are particularly hard on him. He sits up in bed and has great difficulty breathing. Cannot lie down properly but lies over to one side, either left or right. Quits his hand up to hold his head still from shaking. He has a depressed and solemn look. There are involuntary movements characterized by a very fine tremor manifested when his hands are spread out and his fingers are separated. There's a slight tremor and his legs of the same nature as it appears in the other part of the body. So those are some examples of this horrible affliction of shell shock. And as you noticed in some of these in that one right up in particular, there was people that were saying, they're just faking this. They could overcome this if they would be braver. Some people did recognize that this was a serious issue and that this was a new kind of wound and a new kind of war in November of 1914. So this is pretty early on November 1914. Lord Nutsford, chairman of the London Hospital House Committee, wrote an appeal that was published in London newspapers and here's what he wrote. There are certain number of our gallant soldiers for whom no proper provision is at present obtainable but is sorely needed. They are suffering from very severe mental and nervous shock due to exposure, excessive strain and tension. They can be cured if only they receive proper attention from the physicians who have made a specialty of treating such conditions. These men are quite unsuitable patients for general hospitals as their chance of recovery depends on absolute quiet and on the individual and prolonged attention of the physician. If not cured, these men will drift back to the world as wrecks and miserable wrecks for the rest of their lives. So there were some people that recognized this was a factor that went well beyond the bravery of the individual. But unfortunately that was probably less percentage of people. Most people thought that these individuals that suffered this affliction of shell shock, thought that they were just, they weren't brave. And we've talked about it with a bunch of podcasts, Dick Winner's talks about it, hack worth talks about it that there's a cup that gets filled and it gets filled too much. People can't take anymore. It's not because they're not good people. It's not because they aren't brave or they weren't brave. It's because they're done. They're done. And there's ways you can treat them. We've talked about it before. You see a guy that looks like he's going to be done. You need to get him rest. And if they get rest, they can recover. If they don't get rest and they just continually put into it, you're going to burn that engine out. You're going to burn out their brain. Well, they didn't quite understand that yet. And again, this type of warfare was totally new. There wasn't this kind of just continual slaughter ever before. And if it was, it was like an incident. Oh, there was a huge battle and there were a bunch of people killed. It wasn't like we're going to go do that again tomorrow. Well, guess what? These guys were going to go and do that same thing tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. So I want to talk about something that is as horrible as World War I was. This might be the most horrible part of World War I. And I know that's a bold statement. But I want to start by telling you the story of one individual soldier. His name was Harry Far. And I'm going to go to a book about his life. The book is called He Was No Coward. It was written by Janet Booth and James White. And it tells the story of Harry Far, the Harry Far story. Now it starts off by giving a little background on Harry Far and he grew up young man. And it kind of starts off with him meeting who he would eventually marry, a woman by the name of Gertrude. And we'll go to the book, Gertrude and Harry started walking out together. They both loved visiting the Gady Theater. And many happy evening was spent at the Hammer Smith Empire watching The Variety Showers. The pair soon became girlfriend and boyfriend. And for the next four years they became inseparable. But not without some bumps in the roads. At the age of 20, Harry was four years Gertrude's senior. Something her family was not happy about. But what did she say? She said, I love him. I'm going with him. And that's that. So they're young. They're in love. And Harry was earning good money working as a scaffolder on the building sites across London. And it came as quite a shock in April 1913 when Gertrude realized she was pregnant. A child born out of wedlock would bring shame and disgrace on the immediate family, going to the pending arrival of the baby. They had to bring their wedding forward and were married as soon as possible. By the time of the wedding, they had been together for three years. And they were married in Kensington Registry office in the summer of 1913. The baby, who was to be their only child was born on October 29th of that year, they named her Gertrude Nellie, her middle-named after Harry's sisterhood emigrated to America. But the new baby would be known affectionately as little Gertie. Now prior to meeting Gertie, Harry had, well, I'll go to the book, Harry had chosen adventurous path in 1908. So this is previous. When he had just turned 18, he had decided to join the army. He enlisted as a regular soldier in the first battalion of the West Yorkshire Regiment known as the Prince of Wales' own. Little is known of his two years as a regular soldier. But later records show, he was considered to be a reliable and trustworthy soldier with an exemplary record of good behavior. Now this happens in America as well when you're on active duty, which is what he was those first two years when you get done with active duty, they put you on some sort of reserve status. There's, I think it's called IRR. And maybe it stands for immediate regular reserve. I don't really remember. I was on it for some amount of time, but I don't remember. And it's basically when you're out, but they can recall you. And then you can say active reserve, which is when you're still getting paid, maybe you should do some drills and whatnot. It sounds like he was in a company. When he got out, he was in a combination of those two. We'll go to the book. Most soldiers who had left the army were automatically placed in the section B reserve, it meant that for five years they could be called upon in the event of general mobilization. And were paid three shilling and six pence per week as a retainer. While also being obliged to undertake periodic training. So that's sort of like the reserves. I had to throw this in there in a pamphlet entitled a short history of the West Yorkshire Regiment, the excitable introduction to the unit nicknamed the old and bold claims. No regimen in the British army has a more glorious history than the West Yorkshire Regiment, the Prince of Wales own. For its record and gallon and devoted service to King and Country, in many parts of the empire is equaled by few and surpassed by none. So proud history and can probably figure out where this is going. The war kicks off, world war one kicks off. And he gets recalled to go and serve back to the book. He had previously served with the regiments first battalion, but its soldiers were already in France when he returned to duty. So he joined the second battalion before his passage to France. Harry is granted a weekend past allowing him to return to London and spend precious last few days with his wife and young child. Gertis first birthday was celebrated that weekend and Gertru promised to write her husband frequently as well as sending him food and clothing parcels after what must have been an extremely difficult farewell. Harry returned to camp having slightly overstated his past subsequently being forced to forfeit four days pay. Like Harry, the majority of his fellow comrades had never boarded a boat before let alone left England shores. Despite reasonably smooth crossing to France, many of the men suffered from sea sickness, those not being sick were in good cheer and eager to face the enemy and battle, the general consensus of the men being that by Christmas this bloody war will be over. So it turns around pretty quick. Even in the book that part turns around pretty quick and obviously I skip some sections but we get right into it. On November 13th at 11pm the West Yorkshire is relieved the Devin Regiment. The very next day the soldiers came under fire for the first time and suffered their first casualties with three men wounded. Indeed one account of the battalions first taste of trench warfare described the soldiers great discomfort in heavy mud. At times during this period the trenches occupied by the West Yorkshire Regiment soldiers were two to six feet deep in water and cold mud baths were common. So also was the inevitable accompaniment of sickness. On November 19th the battalion lost its first man to sniper fire with another six wounded. Even when the men were resting in the barns and houses allocated behind to them behind the lines there was no respite from the shelling. Acting sergeant Walter Weston recorded the difficulty of fighting in the rapidly deteriorating conditions he wrote the continual rain where the whole terrain had turned into a quagmire of liquid mud making it difficult for the transport carrying supplies and weapons to continue along the muddy roads. Every so often they had to stop and push the vehicles over the Chloe mud. One more harrowing was to try to pull comrades out of the mud many perished by slipping off the duckboards and disappearing into the slime. The day spent in wet and muddy trenches left some soldiers incapacitated by transfer and invariably resulted in many of the men having a foot or both feet amputated. The pitiful sight of the horses and mules stuck in the rain, soil, struggling to free themselves from the mud. So yeah we think about trench foot you know think of your feet or uncomfortable or whatever. You don't think about having one or both of your feet amputated. December 18th the West Yorkshire Regiments Colonel and captains were told that the second battalion deven regiment would be attacking the German trench and two companies of Yorkshire German would be sent in support to dig and make good any captured trenches. The official Battalion Diary records the deven attack commenced from the left and was late in starting. The right company never advanced thus creating a block in the trenches. The left company's attack was unsuccessful owing to the wire arrangements, but the left center of company occupied 150 yards of the main German trench. The midnight the entire second battalion of the West Yorkshire Regiment was ordered to take over the captured trench and improve it for defense while their comrades dug in alongside. However at 8 a.m., the Germans responded with hand grenades thrown in great quantities and very rapidly forcing the men occupying the trench to retreat to the British front line. As a consequence of the sub-naction, the company of West Yorkshire soldiers attempting to dig on the right were left exposed and suffered withering on filet fire. They also retreated and the attack ended in failure and the battalion suffered two officers killed, two wounded and 120 other ranks killed or wounded almost all sustained in the retreat. The New Year and again advancing through the book and to get the full details get the book and read it. The New Year of 1915 began as the old one finished for the Yorkshireman cold wet and in the trenches. January 6 one man was killed and the lieutenant was taken to the hospital. Despite the hostile nature of the enemy just a few hundred yards in front of him the battalion diary noted that the main cause of casualties was increasingly a result of sickness. As well as the ever-present water and mud disease and sickness was carried by living sources from the ice that infested every bit of clothing to the rats that feasted on the unburied dead. All fossil rights the stench of rotten flesh was over everything. Hardly replaced by the chloride of lime sprinkled on particularly offensive sights, dead horses and dead men and parts of both were sometimes not buried for months and often simply became an element of parapids and trench walls. You could smell the lime miles before you could see it. So if you've never smelled the dead body before it's an absolutely horrible horrible, horrible smell and when you think about the places where you're living are actually partially built from bodies and parts of bodies it's hard to even imagine what the stench was and how bad it was. Back to the book one man was killed and another wounded on January 12th on January 19th the trenches had dried out slightly and four men were injured in action on January 25th rifle fire was recorded as being heavier than usual but ultimately the expected attack never came though three men were killed in the course of the day the following day was off to the billets in La Flinke this time in the brigade reserve two men were killed in one wounded but a draft of 50 men arrived. On the last day of the month snow fell with water building in the trenches but the enemy was quiet the whole month of January had been spent either in the trenches or in the nearby reserve with no time spent any distance away from the guns. On February 4th the battalion relieved second battalion four men were killed and five were wounded on February 10th the battalion was back in the line losing one man and two wounded on February 11th. March 6th five men were injured some severely when they hit they were hit by shrapnel in the morning two of the five died of their wounds later that day. It's weird you think about this it's just pecking away it's just pecking away day after day after day after day. You got you got 250 guys or something in your company maybe 200 guys in your company and it's two here it's three there it's eight wounded there it's four wounded there and then you get you get drafts come in which is new fresh guys 50 of them coming in to replace the guys that you've lost. Officers were issued with a full set of orders on March 9th for the attack on New Vais Chappelle. March 10th at 7 30 a.m. the bombardment of enemy positions began with wire cutting shrapnel to aid any breakthroughs by the infantry the first shell to fall was fired by an impressive 15 inch howitzer and weighed an incredible 1400 pounds. However their advance was blocked the battalion then withdrew back to British trenches and held the line casualties had been severe as they had crossed as they had across the front on the murderous first day of the battle 23 members of the battalion were dead 51 men had been wounded three were missing but the savage fighting was to continue that for a and the next day orders received to move 17 members of the regiment were killed outright 40 men and one officer were wounded four men were missing shelling continued inflicting heavy casualties on the severely depleted west Yorkshire men as they hurled in the trenches in cold and misty conditions. By this stage of the attack the infantry soldiers were exhausted dead on their feet would have been an accurate description the condition of the gallant fellows who had been fighting and marching two and from the trenches since the early hours of the 10th with practically no respite was now pityable. Men fell asleep at every halt having to be roused by violent means. Among the ranks 14 men were killed 31 wounded six winners missing at 7pm the soldiers moved off the occupied line of trenches. Grimley the battalion diarist noted we found this trench unoccupied and full of dead. The deaths and injuries continued forward killed 28 wounded three went missing during the day November 5th General Hay goes to become the commander and chief of the British Expeditionary Force the following year wrote in his diary that why my one thought was how soon I could get my battle worn troops relieved and given a few days rest out of the trenches and shell fire. On July 30th 1915 he was even more explicit saying one lesson of this war was that troops could stand four days hard fighting and then must be relieved. So you take that right there you take four days that that's an average from this guy that's seen these folks on the front line. So that means there's people that are less than that there's some people that are more some people can handle eight days 10 days some people can handle one day some people can't handle any the average is four days and here are these guys on the line for 10 20 13 17 days at a time and there is times that I'm not mentioning where they're going back off the front line and they're getting a little bit of recovery but then they're going right back in and it's not four days that they're going into for they're going in for eight days for 12 days. Back to the book there was a little action with two men killed in one wounded the battalion was relieved by the second battalion Lincoln Regiment and March to Bill it's just a mile away from the battleground the second battalion had lost more than a quarter of its strength. Marching teeth donned cold and wet and despite the battalion diaris noting that it was quiet three men were killed. Quiet day three men were killed. April six the shell exploded in a company billet killing three and in during eight. 5 a.m. on May 9th the artillery bombardment of the enemy trenches began with the attack launched just 40 minutes later so here we are on another attack on another attack. During the shelling and small arms fire from the Germans there were three were killed 13 were wounded and three posted is missing. And this results and the French attack on Vimi Ridge failed after a week costing the French 100,000 casualties. The British attack on Auburn's Ridge which is what they were working on failed ignominiously. So that's the life if you can call it that. And here's where we start to hear a little bit about Harry by this time Harry had been withdrawn from the front line suffering from what was becoming known as shell shock. He was taken off duty on May 9th. However rather than being viewed as a psychological condition some doctors and researchers were viewing the symptoms more in line with a neurological disorder or the result of a concussion from shell blast treatment for the condition largely involved rest away from the front line and possibly some talking therapies that we would now refer to as counseling. Some doctors utilize electric shock therapy and isolation therapy on sufferers but both were unproven and experimental. There's a doctor Stevenson that says post-traumatic stress disorder this is looking back post-traumatic stress disorder was exacerbated by the special conditions of static warfare in which soldiers endured repeated bombardments in confined spaces with little control over their fate. And live day by day in close proximity to their comrades decomposing remains. So I've talked about this before we talked about it when Jordan was on Jordan Peterson. When you don't have any control, when you're not on offense, it's a lot harder to deal with psychologically and this is the ultimate defensive. You're just going to get bombed and there's nothing you can do about it. And by the way, you're going to watch your friends and your comrades get wounded and killed every single day. Back to the book. In the summer of 1915, Gertrude received a letter from France but she did not recognize the handwriting on the envelope as Harry's. So his wife gets a letter, she has recognized the handwriting. The letter stated that Harry was ill and in the hospital he had been evacuated from the hoop lanes area in May as he had been suffering from what was known as shell shock. Stricing by nervous exhaustion, his hands had been shaking too much to hold a pencil so a nurse at the hospital had written the letter for him. Again, uncontrollable shaking. This is what these guys are experiencing. So bad he can't write his letter, a letter to his wife. After the extended period behind the lines, Harry was assessed and certified fit. He was sent back to the West Yorkshire Regiment. This time joining the first battalion, part of the 18th Infantry Brigade's sixth division in October of 1915. On October 21, 89 men including Harry joined the battalion while it was camped behind the line. Shortly after, the Germans launched a huge barrage against Allied rest areas along all the front in retaliation for royal artillery shelling of their own billets. Although little damage was done, the sound of the guns which had caused Harry to fall ill before had begun all over again for him. At the end of the month of the battalion began an 11-day spell in the trenches characterized by heavy rain, collapsing fortifications and mud by November 3rd in officer had been killed and almost all dugouts had collapsed leaving men with little respite from the appalling weather. On December 5, the battalion marched to every link, spending the next 10 days forming working parties to carry out tasks such as repairing paths, despite not being in the line casualties were sustained when the parties were sheld and fired upon by riflemen. So even when you go back to the rear, you're still getting shot ins killed. December 19th, when the area came under untill the re-bombardment and that frightening phenomenon of battle, the use of gas. The action began at 530 a.m. when the British held trenches came under heavy rifle fire, then at 645 a.m. when troops were stood to in anticipation for an attack, shells containing gas were fired by the Germans. The effect the gas was instantaneous and horrifying during the day 11 men died in 23 were wounded too sufferingly effects of gas. Total allied losses on the day as a direct result of gas were 1,069 casualties and 69 deaths. The battalion was back in the trenches for the end of the year and the start of the new one on December 30th. The battalion's headquarters was sheld, suffering two men killed and four injured. On February 14th, German artillery shells fell again in the battalion killing five and injuring 15. By the time the first battalion left the trenches the next evening, it had suffered the losses of nine killed and 51 injured. It underscores the losses suffered by the British army during the first World War, when 7,000 soldiers were killed and wounded every day as a matter of course. 7,000 a day. March 17th as they marched the four miles to begin a period of rest that was the last month, two men were killed and three men were wounded. How the soldiers were afflicted is not recorded. It's first spelled back in the trenches so they go get some rest now. It's coming back in the first spelled back in the trenches after a month away from the line five were wounded and five killed. During April, Harry reported sick with nerves and was treated at a dressing station for two weeks before returning to front line duty. His problems were worsening. Yet the fact he was not sent far behind the lines, suggest medical officers did not deem him sick enough to be evacuated. June 3rd, another operation losses during the operation were heavy with one officer in five sergeants killed as well as five other ranks. Two sergeants in 24 other ranks were wounded at total casualty rate of about 17%. On July 1st, less than 100 miles south of their position following a week in which 1.6 million shells were fired, British forces attacked on mass on a 15 mile long front. The slaughter that ensued on the first day of the battle of the Psalm was prodigious with almost 60,000 British casualties a third of them dead. News of the slaughter took days to filter back to Britain and thanks to heavy censorship of the press, the horrors of the battle were not truly expressed but the casualty lists gave no lie to the situation. On July 15th, the west Yorkshire's left camp and moved by train to E.B. where they relieved the 11th battalion. Harry again reported sick with nerves on July 22nd and was detained by medical corps soldiers for the day but this time he was returned as fit for duty the next day. So this guy's fallen apart, he keeps asking for help and he keeps sending him back to the front. And mind you, he's in a state, not all the time but he's at least reaching a state where he can't even write a letter to his wife. Can't even steady his hand for that and they're putting him back to the front over and over again. On August 6th, the camp was broken and the battalion marched the battalion adjoined the battle of the Psalm. Inchemists for the unprecedented British losses and intensity of the shelling operation, the next four days were spent in the brigade reserve as before with hundreds of men sent digging and carrying duties. This work proved more hazardous than the previous week with four killed nine wounded, one man messing believed to have blown up. On September 11th, the battalion proceeded with brigade to an area known as sand pits. The following day was spent with the brigade in reserve in six men were killed and four more were wounded. A man admitted general British offensive across the sector involving the use of the latest weapon tanks. On September 18th, the battalion joined other forces of six division in attacking opposing trenches at 550 AM whistle sounded along the line as soldiers poured up over the front trenches through previously cut barbed wire and between breastworks. Companies were met with very heavy machine gun and rifle fire and more first forced to retreat back from the trenches where the attack started from. The cost was shockingly high with more than 100 casualties across the battalion and attrition rate of more than 10 percent among the 13 dead were three officers, almost 100 officers, almost 100 soldiers were wounded including four officers. Later on September 19th, the exhausted soldiers made their way to billets eight miles away where they remained overnight in the following day. The attack was considered a success but private far had not taken part in the operation. His final nervous collapse took place on September 17th. Harriet fallen out sick on September 16th yet when he made his way to addressing station the following day he was not seen because he was not wounded. On September 17th he was ordered to the front in the company of a rations party but was found at 11 PM that night at the same place behind the lines having disobeyed the order. When he was subsequently sent to the front under escort he struggled with his guards and was released after refusing to see a medical officer further forward. Harry ran back towards the transport lines in the rear and was held under guard before being placed under arrest on September 18th and charged with cowardice. The timing of his collapse ahead of the impending attack may have helped along the decision to charge him. The battle of the song resulted in the greatest loss of life in military history at the time for negligible gains. Across the whole offensive during that awful summer and autumn between July 1st and November 19th British Army suffered 420,000 casualties. The French 195,000 and the German losses stood between 500 and 650,000. So the massive fighting that was going on at the battle of song was also reflected in the fact that there being super hostile towards him. On October 2nd, 1916, private Harry Far stood trial by field general court martial which was convened atville Serenke in France. Since his nervous collapse and arrest, his battalion had again been an action following their part in the success in the capture of the quadrilateral. This time they had helped attack and take the village of libuffs on September 25th part of the wider battle of more fall. It was against this backdrop of missing two significant actions that Harry was tried. A field general court martial was a wartime disciplinary tribunal with the power to try all military offenses. So obviously, you know these guys are they're not looking to hear about your excuses of why you can't get after it with the rest of the troops and the rest of the troops are going forward. The rest of the troops are going forward and they're fighting and they're fighting hard and they're making incredible sacrifices. Something that he wasn't physically able to do at this point. He was de-losted. He had seen too much, he had done too much and he was done. So they're sending him to court martial. Harry was charged with an offense contrary to section for seven of the army act of 1881. The exact charge was misbehaving before the enemy in such a manner as to show cowardice to which he pleaded not guilty. He Harry appeared without a prisoner's friend. So there was no there was no like lawyer to defend him. It was just him. Just him. Assess the overall situation captain Whitlow said, I cannot say what has destroyed this man's nerves, but he has proved himself on many occasions incapable of keeping his head in action and likely to cause a panic. However, the officer made a point of differentiating between these problems and the unfortunate soldiers nature, saying apart from his behavior, his conduct and character are very good. So he's got one person that comes forward and says, hey, he's not a bad guy. He's just he's just lost it right now. Because he did a fair amount of fighting. The next piece of evidence was signed by W William the Batangans medical officer. He wrote, I hear by certified that I examined private Harry far first Batangan, York's on October 2, 1916 and that in my opinion, both the general physical and mental condition or satisfactory. Interestingly, the word good appears before the word satisfactory, but is struck out by the same hand, indicating some doubts in the officer's mind. The trial began formally with a prosecution witness, regimental Sergeant Major H. Laking, who said on 17 September 1916, about 9 a.m. the accused reported himself to me at a line transport. He states that he was sick and had fallen out from the company, the night previous on the march up to the trenches. He states he could not find his company commander for permission to fall out. I ordered him to report to the dressing station. When he returns, he states that they would not see him and as he was not wounded. I then ordered him to proceed to the Batangan with the ration party, which was going in the evening. The ration party paraded about 8 p.m. the accused was present and marched off with it on the arrival at the ration dump company quartermaster Sergeant Booth reported to me that the accused was missing. On returning to the first line for about 11 p.m. I saw the accused standing near a brazier. I asked him why he was there. He replies, I cannot stand it. I asked him what he meant. He again replies, I cannot stand it. I told him he would have to go to the trenches that night. He replies, I cannot go. I order company quartermaster Sergeant Booth to take him up to the trenches under escort after going 500 yards. The accused commences to scream and struggle with his escort. I again warned him that he would have to go to the trenches or be tried for cowardice. He replied, I am not fit to go to the trenches. I then said I would take him to see a medical officer. He refused to go saying, I will not go any further that way. I ordered the escort to take him on. The accused started to get struggling and screaming. So they were actually want to take him to a medical officer that's further forward and he's not going. He's done. The second witness to be called was company quartermaster Sergeant J.W. Booth of the first battalion west Yorkshire regimen. He says on September 17, 1916, about 3 p.m. I ordered the accused to parade with the carrying party at 6 p.m. to go up and join his company in the trenches. The accused paraded and marched off with the ration party on arrival at the ration dump. The accused was absent having fallen out on the way without permission. About 9 p.m. I saw the accused near the first line transport. The regimental sergeant major ordered me to take the accused with the escort to the trenches. About 500 yards from the first line transport. The accused became violent, threatened the escort and eventually broke away, returning to the first line transport. The regimental sergeant major ordered me to place the accused in charge of a guard. Those stories kind of line up. The third witness was private D. Ferrar, who also appears to have survived the war. He said on September 17, 1916, about 1130 p.m. I was ordered by company quartermaster sergeant Booth to form part of an escort to take the accused up to his company in the trenches. After going about 500 yards, the accused started struggling and saying he wanted to see a doctor. The sergeant major said he would see one when he got a bit further up. The accused refused to go any further. I tried to pull him along. The sergeant major told me to let him go and the accused went back to the first line transport. So there's the perspective of the folks that were with private far and here is private far's defense. This is what he had to say about the situation. On 16th September 1916, when going up to the trenches with my company, I fell out sick. I could not find the company officer to obtain permission. The sergeant I asked has now been wounded. I went back to the first line transport arriving there about 2 a.m. on 17th September 1916. I would have reported at once the regimental sergeant major only I was told he was a sleep. I reported about 9 a.m. on 17th September. The sergeant major told me to go to the advanced dressing station. They, however, would not see me as I was not wounded. The sergeant major told me to go up with the ration party at night. I started with this party and had to fall out sick. I could not get permission as I was in the rear and the sergeant major was in the front, but left word with a private soldier. I returned to the first line transport hoping to report sick to some medical officer there. On the sergeant majors returned, I reported to him and said I was sick and I could not stand it. He then said, you are a fucking coward and you will go to the trenches. I give fuck all for my life and I give fuck all for yours and you'll get fucking well shot. The sergeant major company quarter master booth and private Ferrari then took me toward the trenches. We went about a mile when we met a carrying party returning from returning under Lance Corporal Form. The sergeant major asked Lance Corporal Form where I was and he replied run away same as last night. I said to sergeant major, you have got this all made up for me. The sergeant major then told Lance Corporal Form to fall out two men and take me to the trenches. They commenced to shove me. I told them not to as I was sick enough as it was. The sergeant major then grabbed my rifle and said, I'll blow your fucking brains out if you don't go. I then called out for an officer but there was none. I was then tripped up and commenced to struggle after this. I do not know what happened until I found myself back in the first line transport under a guard. If the escort had not started to shove me about, I would have gone up to the trenches. It was on account of their doing this that I commenced to struggle. After the statement, Harry is cross-examine by the courts, prosecutor who asked if he had had the opportunity of reporting six since September 16th. Harry replied, yes, after I was put a under arrest on 18 September. A member of the court marshal then asked why he had not reported sick since his first arrest to which he replied, faithfully, because being away from the shell fire, I felt better. Evidence to as to the character of private far was presented to the court, the battalion's agitent, Lieutenant W. Paul stated that he knew Harry for six weeks. He said on working parties, he has three times asked for leave to fall out and returned to camp as he could not stand the noise of our the artillery. He was trembling and did not appear to be in a fit state. So Harry had spent four years in the service of his country two years before the war and two years during it, the private soldier took part in a number of actions with his infantry battalion. Most notably the battle of Louis Vais Chappelle. It was one of the most intense and traditional chapters of the entire conflict on the western front. One of the first examples of the whole sail slaughter of British troops for which the first world war has become renowned. Within months, he was in the hospital, his nerve shattered with a diagnosis of shell shock. Yet he returned to the front in October of 1915 and fought on for another 11 months, with two more spells of sickness because of his shell shock. According to Chris Walsh in the cowardice of brief history as World War I dragged on, Captain Charles Wilson of the Royal Army Medical Corps observed fear was no longer an occasional exotic visitor but a settler in our midst. It's cumulative effect, lead Wilson, later Lord Moran, which was Sir Winston Churchill's personal doctor, to think that a man's ability to hold up against it, his courage was not absolute quality of his character but something he had a certain amount of like money in a bank account and which could be depleted slowly or suddenly by the hardships and horrors of war. Harry Far had reached the limit of his endurance and could go no further. And so the trial was over. There was no lawyer, no soldiers friend, no support. And there was no mercy. Back to the book, the wording on the charge sheet was stark. Under a column entitled, finding and if convicted sentence, two words were handwritten in pencil. Guilty death. There was no right to an appeal. In late 1916, a telegram arrived for Gertrude Far from the war office. Opening the envelope with trembling hands in a fumping heart, she read the bold type written message that realized her worst fears. Harry Far had died in France, but not in battle or of wounds sustained under fire. Re-reading it in disbelief, Gertrude learned that her husband had been executed by firing squad. The stark message read, we regret to inform you that Harry Thomas Far of the first West Yorkshire Regiment has been shot for showing cowardice in the face of the enemy. Shot for showing cowardice in the face of the enemy. Unfortunately, he was not the only one. There were 351 men executed by the British Army during World War I and more than 300 of those. Just over 300 of those were for their supposed cowardice. There was a book called Shot at Don by Julian Pockowski and Julian Sikes. It's called Shot at Don because that was generally when these executions were carried out. They were carried out in the early morning. It details some of those men that actually details all the men and their deaths and provide some insight from some of the people that were there during these horrible times. So I'm going to go to that book. The first sentence of death imposed on a soldier of the BEF, which is the British Expeditionary Forces was carried out in the fifth week of the war. The condemned soldier was private Thomas Hygate from Kent. He had been born in the little village of Shoreham near Soven Oaks, Seven Oaks, and had joined the Army in February 1913, like many who enlisted for regular Army service, the latter joined up at the age of 17. After less than two weeks in action, the private deserted on the day that he went missing. His battalion had started to move northwards advancing. Hygate, who's wearing civilian clothing, was discovered by a gamekeeper, hiding in a barn. His uniform is concealed nearby. When questioned, he said, I want to get out of it, and this is how I'm going to do it. Not surprisingly private, Hygate was found guilty. The sentence imposed was that he would suffer death by being shot. 17-year-old kid in March 1952 soldiers from one West Yorkshire Regiment were convicted of desertion, and then were shot within a few days of each other. The first Lance Corp. The first Lance Corp. Alfred Atkinson, deserted whilst in rest. The battalion being under orders to proceed to the front. In January of that year, Atkinson had won a sum of money gambling. And after about a drinking, subsequently deserted. After three weeks, he was then arrested by the military police. At his trial, the court was told that Atkinson was a good soldier, and previously of excellent character, as a result, his sentence bore a recommendation to mercy. A soldier serving with the battalion at the time later confirmed his opinion, saying that Atkinson was clean, smart, brave soldier represented by all, or respected by all his comrades. When General Sir Horus Smith-Dorian reviewed the proceedings, he was of the opinion that an example was required. And the sentence was confirmed. And here's an eyewitness of an account, the two men, and this is labor MP Ernst Thurdle. The two men I selected for the firing party went with the accident. When they came back, tough characters, though they were supposed to be, they were sick. They screamed in their sleep. They vomited immediately after eating. All they could say was, the site was horrible, made more so by the fact that we had shot one of our own men. Private Abraham Beveresteen was the only son of an East End family, because it was considered dishonorable in certain Jewish circles to be a soldier. Beveresteen had signed up under the false name of Harris. 1915 Christmas Eve, private Beveresteen was wounded. In the back, he was admitted to the hospital, suffering from these wounds and also from shock. In his letters home, private Beveresteen told of his progress in the hospital, that he had been detained there since 19 January 1916, because he had developed a pressure sword on his heel. First January 1916, dear mother. I'm very sorry that it did not write before now, but we were in the trenches on Christmas Day, and we had a lot to do. Also, I was taken ill and was sent to the hospital. I'm feeling a little better so don't get upset. Also don't send any letters to the company, because I won't get them. Also, you cannot send any letters to the hospital, as I won't get them. Dear mother, do not worry, I will be all right. Hoping all of you are getting on well. I was only hurt in the back. I will try to send you letters every few days if I can to let you know how I am getting on. We get plenty of food in the hospital. Dear mother, I know it will break your heart this, but don't be upset about it. I will be all right, but I would very much like to see you. I will try my very best. He did recover and he went back to the front. On 13 February, the soldier had left his position in the front line trenches and made his way to one of the company headquarters in the rear. He reported to his company, quartermaster sergeant and stated that a grenade had burst very close to him and that he was suffering from shock, believing him to be a nervous condition. This NCO told Harris to report the medical officer, Beverestein reported to the medical officer who examined him, but found nothing wrong. As a result, the private was ordered to return to the trenches. Beverestein, however, did not obey, but made his way to a farmhouse in the rear where he took refuge. Shortly thereafter, whilst warming himself by a fire and officer, from another regiment came into the farmhouse and suspecting that Beverestein was a deserter placed the lad under arrest. The letter sent home, indicated that Beverestein was in trouble, but did not disclose the serious nature of his predicament. Clearly as a soldier did not realize that his life was at stake, but the letters relate that at the time of his desertion, the private had been feeling unwell. 23 February, 1916, dear mother, we were in the trenches and I was ill, so I went out and they took me to prison and I am in bed of trouble now and I won't get any money for a long time. I will have to go to the front, go in front of a court. I will try my best to get out of it, so don't worry, but dear mother tried to send some money, not very much, but try your best. I will let you know in my next how I got on, give my best love to mother, father, and Kate, your loving son, Abby. On March 4th, when he was court, Marshall, private members didn't explain that on the day of his absence. A grenade had exploded beside him and this had been more than his nerves could stand. He added that he had then lost control. The court was unimpressed by this story and in spite of an unblemished record, the soldier was sentenced to death. And the finding was confirmed by the commander in chief, private Beverestein's parents were left unaware of their son's predicament. The next communication which they received came from the army. It was an official army form which carried a blunt message. Sir, I am directed to inform you that a report has been received from the war office to the effect that private Harris A11th Battalion Middle Sex Regiment. G.S. was signed with sentence after trial by court Marshall to suffer death by being shot for desertion and the sentence was duly executed on 20 March 1916. Another one and again, this book is details every single soldier. You know, picking out some of the ones that stood out a bit to me. The next soldier concerned was rifleman Albert Parker serving with seven King's Royal rifle. Corne has crime as typical example of desertion committed with the intention of avoiding service in the line 35 year old Parker admitted drunkeness at his trial, but this did not mitigate his offense. And I witnessed later recalled the promulgation of sentence and the execution that followed. Then the prisoner's cap was taken off. And he was told to take one pace forward, which he did. The APM commenced to read the papers. The man was then told to take a pace back again, which he did without a quiver. A brave man at that moment wasn't to be found in France. He was then marched away to the place where he was to be shot. We were then ordered to about turn and the brigade transport officer threatened us that any man who turned around would be put on a crime. So we stood in silence for what seemed hours, although only minutes. Then the shots rang out. And one of the Yorkshire's fainid, the strain was that great. Still we stood in silence until we heard another shot, which I afterwards ascertained was the doctor's shot to make sure he was dead. Private Phillips of one cold stream guards was executed for desertion. The clergymen who attended private Phillips was Captain T. Guy Rogers, chaplain to the second guards brigade. The clergyman documented his feelings in what he clearly regarded as a most harring or deal. 31 May 1916 Sha'alai tell you over the terrible experience I've just gone through. If so, it must not go beyond the family circle of yourself and the hauslums. It is just fallen to my lot to prepare a deserter for his death. That meant breaking the news to him, helping him with his last letters, passing the night with him on the straw in his cell, and trying to prepare his soul for meeting God. The execution and bearing him immediately. The shadow was just hanging over me when I wrote the last letter, but I tried to keep it out. Monday night I was with him Tuesday morning at 3.30. He was shot. He laid beside me for hours with his hand in mind. Poor fellow. It was a bad case, but he met his end bravely and drinking all I could teach him about God, his father, Jesus' savior and the reality of the forgiveness of sins. I feel shaken by it all, but my nerves thank God have not troubled me. Everyone has been so kind who knew of the ordeal. I will tell you some more some other time. I want to get it off and away from the thought of it as much as I can. Here's a few guys that deserted together in a group Lance Sergeant Joseph Stone's Lance Corporal Peter Goggins and Lance Corporal John McDonald. In the new year when Sir Douglas Hay came to review the sentences he committed. Those imposed on the four private, so there's four private with these guys, these guys were the leaders of this group that deserted, which were suspended. But an eyewitness account recorded the final moments of the three condemned NCOs shot on 18 January. Come out you ordered the Corporal of the Guard to me. I crawled forth. It was snowing heavily. Stand here. He said pushing me between two centuries. Quick march. And the way we went, not as I dreaded to my first taste of packed drill, but out and up a long street to an R.E. dump. There the police Corporal handed in a chit, where upon three posts, three roast ropes, and a spade were given to me to carry back. Our return journey took us past the guard room up a short hill until we reached the secluded spot surrounded by trees. Certain measurements were made in the snow after which I was ordered to dig three holes as stipulated distances apart. I began to wonder, could it be? No, perhaps spies. Perhaps, so perhaps only my fancy. The next scene appears, and we colded on. A crowd of brass hats, the medical officer, and three firing parties. Three stakes a few yards apart, and a ring of centuries around the woodmen to keep the curious away. The motor ambulance arrives conveying the doomed men, mannicked and blindfolded. They are helped out and tied up to the stakes. Over each man's heart is placed in envelope. At the sign of command, the firing parties 12 each align their rifles on the envelopes. The officer in charge holds his stick aloft, and as it falls, 36 bullets, usher the souls of three of Kishner's men to the great unknown. As a military prisoner, I helped clear the traces of the triple murder. I took the post down. I helped carry those bodies toward their last resting place. I collected all the bloods soaked, straw, and burnt it. Acting upon instructions, I took their belongings from the dead men's tunics discarded before being shot. A few letters, a pipe, some fags, a photo. I could tell you of the silence of the military police after reading one letter from a little girl to dear daddy. Another private David Stevenson, when Sensing Danger, the soldier had run off when questioned the private that lied saying that he was working for another town mayor, unfortunately for Stevenson, he was already under suspected. Suspended sentence for previous offense of dissurtion. The recollections of an ex sergeant who had been in charge of the firing squad, who shot private Stevenson or published after the war. It was a terrible scene. Being that I knew him made it worse for me. The ten men were selected for the firing squad from a few details left out of the line. They were nervous to wreck themselves and two of them had not the nerve to fire. Of course, they were tried by court martial, but they were found to be medically unfit. Their nerves had gone. The last words, the lad said were, what will my mother say? You have one more. This was an interesting writing. There was a private, name, private, Frederick Butcher and the report that comes out was actually published in a newspaper years after the execution, but he calls the private Frederick Butcher. He calls him Jim. But this eyewitness to his execution wrote about it in a paper. I shall call him Jim. He had been out three years. He had been wounded, but he was wounded at time when wounded were cared for in France and were back in the line in six weeks. There was nothing about Jim which attracted special attention. He was the average, happy go lucky sort of lad who did the day's work on an average in the average way. War had become normal to him and he had settled down to that fatalism which characterized so many of our men when they said, if it is to be, it will, and if it ain't, it won't. As if he had suddenly been hit in the mind, he stood stock still to still one night and point blank refused to go over with a rating party. In an instant, he became a marked man. His comrades could not quite determine whether it was bravery or idiocy. Perhaps some string had snapped. Some, something somewhere had gone wrong, but Jim just refused. He was exceedingly nervous, but such a breach of discipline was in itself sufficient to account for that. By the time he stood on the map before the court, he had partly regained his normal composure, but the seriousness of the situation had washed away the color from his face and there was a dull, laden looking his blue eyes. His record saved him. It was good and his judges tempered judgment with mercy and consideration. He had been many, he had had many, many, many captains and all, and with all he had done as bit. That the court gave him a chance. He made no excuse whatsoever, but when question, but when asked the question, he promised that it would not occur again. A week later, it did occur again. And the next court sentenced him to death. Blind folded with his hands tied behind him, he was to be shot at dawn the following day. From the death century, Jim learned the names of the officer and men who would ascend him west next morning. They were all his friends. Two or three officers who had known him for years went into the death hut and said goodbye, somehow none of them could quite catalog Jim as a coward. Terrible things happen in war, but nothing perhaps is more terrible than to send one of your own out of life when you are not quite sure whether he is a coward or a marker. The world will never know the real truth. There was no psychologist there to give an opinion. Even if there had been, it might not have altered the course of events. Discipline even then might have won an unfair victory over science. In the mechanism of Jim's mentality, a cog slipped and the wheels revolved irregularly. From what the CEO and Jim's pals told me, I am fully persuaded that Jim died as a marker to discipline. Jim was blindfolded. His hands were bound together behind him. As he stood there, calm and steady as a rock. The orders were given. Goodbye sir. Goodbye boys. He said, just as if you were off on a 10-day for a low. There was no reply. The subaltern was choked with emotion and the firing squad as heart-wrench as he dared not reply. The sharp crack of a volley smothered size of relief from the squad and all was over. All saved laying beneath the soil of France. There were Jim lies. There shall remain forever a little bit of England. Well, as I said, this is a awful thing. I'm sorry to have to bring it up and I'm sorry to have to talk about it. I'm sorry that we human beings are capable of this. And at the same time, it's good to know what we are capable of so that we can prevent it. And eventually in 2006, after way too long and after a lot of effort and hard work by a lot of compassionate people, the British government admitted that it was wrong. And the story of that effort is retraced in the first book I read from he was no coward and it resulted in the pardon of Harry Far and of 306 of the other soldiers who were executed, who were shot at dawn for the crime of having psychological breakdown under the immense mental and physical trauma of World War I. And in 2006, Harry Far's daughter, Gerdi, who we started this story off with. Gerdi was presented with a letter from the secretary defense Desmond Brown, which included the official pardon for Harry Far and it reads, this document records that private Harry Far of the first battalion of the West Yorkshire Regiment, who is executed for cowardice on 18 October 1916, his pardoned under section 359 of the Armed Forces Act of 2006. The pardon stands as recognition that he was one of many victims of the first World War and that execution was not a fate he deserved. Signed Desmond Brown, secretary of state, four defense. And so he was pardoned and I would say that private Harry Far we, we beg your pardon. And I would say let us learn something from this something about leadership and something about our behavior as human beings, our nature as human beings, let us learn something from the fate of Harry Far. And that is that we as human beings are not in foul, but we are not perfect and we will fall short of the ideals that we aspire to. We'll fall short of those. And we may not always be as bold and we may not always be as heroic and we may not always be as brave as we want, but while we may fall short on those traits, let us never fall short in compassion, in sympathy and in understanding. And let us when we look to judge others, let us remember and let us know that our judgment is as imperfect as we are. And remember that it is us who in the words of Wilford Owens, we are the ones that dealt them war and madness. And so let us also be the ones who deal them mercy and forgiveness. And I think that's all I've got for tonight. So echo Charles. Kind of a ruffling. Yeah. Odd. It's like an odd feeling, just that even that final part of that last book. You know, you got to essentially kill or witness both your friend and even until that. It's not like you guys are friends. He betrays you, you know, and you're mad at him and then you kill him. It's not that. It's like, yeah, some other thing kind of happened. Meanwhile, you're still friends. And then you got to be a part of in whatever way. Like right in front of this face too, like him dying. And the kind where you're literally saying bye. Hey, bye and then next one. Yeah. And yeah, just kind of, you know, when you think, you read these books, you have this picture in your mind, you know. And it's just it's so off putting just all the different facets that just come to play with a scenario like that. And there's, I mean, obviously, there's a, there's a huge dichotomy in this, is the huge dichotomy in this is that there's all these millions of brave soldiers that went that went over the top and they were killed. And so how can you have any sympathy for the people that are like, no, I can't do it. And the answer is you've got to recognize that different people are different. And, and you know, it's interesting that that last guy calls him a marker. And the perspective that even someone that stood by him and someone that fought and took the same risks and could have been killed himself and happened to live, he recognizes like, hey, yeah, this, this happens. And, you know, there's one part that kind of, when you would hear about this guy, the one guy gets rolled up or gets caught by some guy that's patrolling around the rear looking for desergers. It's like, yeah, when I hear about that guy, I can picture that guy, can picture that guy. He's in the rear. So, you know, you need more brave, get, get up to the front. Like, you can picture that guy. And that, that kind of makes me angry because you got somebody that's in the rear policing up people sending them to the front. Why don't you up on the front? Yeah, get up there yourself. But yeah, so there's a dichotomy to it in that, you know, you, you, I mean, obviously you uphold and have the utmost respect for the bravery of the people that step up and, and they're on put them on the highest pedestal. And then you've got these people that contradict that. I think that the line gets drawn in the fact that these guys lose control. They can't do it. They can't do it anymore. They, they mentally can't take it. And again, you know, it's the same thing that Dick Winner said, the same thing that Hackworth said, there's guys reach a limit and they're done. And only people that have been in extensive combat recognize that the people reach a point. And there's, there's that whole section in band of brothers, where that some of those guys that are total studs, they can't go anymore. They break down. And Dick Winner's is like, okay, as a leader this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to do my best to take care of them. If they, if we can get them recovered, cool, if not respect, if not, hey, it's okay. You did what you could. Yeah. It's a, it's a strange dichotomy. Yeah. And you can't help but try to imagine not necessarily the specific scenario, but like, what is it, how does it feel to literally like not be able to do something? You know, like, you, yeah, well, there's a lot of shame for these guys that that came home and they were shame that they weren't wounded. They weren't physically wounded. And, and the government treated them very badly in many cases. They look, oh, your cowards. And so it's awful. It's absolutely awful. It's why hate World War I. I hate World War I. Yeah. And that's a shoot. That's the thing, too. It's not like, you know, they're taking a spin class and they quit halfway through because they were too tired or something like that. This is no echo you are correct. They're not in this spin class. This is World War I. By the way, like super treacherous, super. Yeah. And then you're like, oh, yeah, what? You don't have the guts or you don't, you're not brave enough for this. And then people, people back and back in the safety of call, call a judgment on, on guys that. And that's the other thing is these guys almost, every one of those guys, they had fought for some certain amount of time. They fought for six months, 12 months, a year, two years, whatever, they had fought and fought and they broke years. So, yeah, man. It's awful. It's awful. But, you know, I think it's something that if we can keep in perspective, because there's so much judging, you know what? I mean, people judge each other all the time. It's like, you know what? Take a wrap off your judgment. That was that was my, that was sort of what I was thinking through the whole time. I was thinking about how often am I judging someone. Yeah. You know, you know, you don't get the judge. You don't get the judge. You just, you just do, you worry about you. And, hey, instead of trying to judge, why don't you try and help someone? There's a novel idea. Instead of placing judgment on someone that's having a hard time with something, why don't you try and help them? Why don't you try and figure out how you can support them? Why don't you figure out what they need? It's think of anyone had that attitude. One person would have stepped up and said, hey, look, I know this guy. He was a good guy. Let me try and get him back in the game. Let me try and figure out what's wrong. Instead of everyone jumping on board, the judgment banned wagon. Yeah, it kind of seems like it's that feeling of like, I'm over here. You're over there. Like, hey, I don't need that kind of help. So why should you kind of thing? Don't judge. Don't judge. All right. Well, instead of judging help, how's that? That's my motto. Yeah. Instead of placing judgment, how would you help someone out? Support somebody. Support. I like what you just did there. Speaking of which, how about let's go into some support. You know, support yourself before you go to that that opening poem by Wilford Owen is freaking legit. Freaking legit. And it's, I should read it again. I should have read it at the end or something. Go back and listen to it because it's it's it's it's a it's incredible poem from a guy that went through all that. He went into the psychological war. If it was called that, he went through the what would be it would have been called a psychological war at the time. And then he went back to the front. And then he was awarded for valor. And then he got killed. And he wrote that powerful powerful poem. It's freaking awesome. So I had to throw that out there. Go back and listen to it. Yeah. It's really well. Support if you will. Back to support. Back to support. All right. Here are some outstanding ways to support yourself. And let's podcast. If you're down for that. First, origin. Okay. Origin is our company. I feel like it's everybody's company. Really? No, it's not. Well, let's say maybe now we can't include our international listeners on that. We can definitely include our American listeners. If you're an American listener if you're here in the good old US of A, origin is our company and you're including that. Yeah. And for sure. But I have been, you know, I've been hearing things that even people in the UK, they're waiting. They're open arms. When are we getting mock in the UK when, you know, they're asking these questions. So open arms. Boom. I think that it is it is or soon to become everyone's company. Yeah. Check. It's just a kind of company. It is, it's faces. Just because everything's made in America, which I'll go into. Does it mean you have to be American to be true? Yeah. You could be, you could be down for just good treatment of the workers. Yeah. They're not in a sweat shop. No. They're actually in a, they're actually on one, one, twenty, five. High Street. Okay. I don't know what it won 25 is, but I dig it. That's the address. Yeah. Yeah. But maybe that was some sort of a term. No. There wasn't some sort of a term. Anyway. Yes. Okay. Or did so. What do we got at origin? Okay. If you're on the Juditube app, if you're on the path and you do so is part of your specific situation. Boom. You're going to need a geek. You're going to want a geek. You don't need a geek. Don't need anything. This is what you're going to want. Big time. You kind of need a geek. If you're going to try and do Ditsa with a geek, you're going to need a geek. Well, yes. That's the show tonight. No. All right. Well, here you go. So you do need a geek. You know, you don't need to train no geek. You're just too, but it is highly recommended. In fact, it is an affirmative. You should train geek and no geek. Yes. So I would personally agree with that. Ge, no geek, due to both all everything. So therefore we can conclude we do need a geek. Yes. And if you're wondering what geek to get, boom, wonder, no more. Origin has geese all made in America by the way. But these are quality quality geese made from scratch, by the way, by origin for jiu jitsu specifically. Anyway, best geese in the world. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Kind of by far too. Yeah. Yeah. There's not much competition out there. Anyway, originmate.com. That's where you get them. Geese, rash guards. Also some other stuff. You know, some joggers, some sweat suits, some shirts, you know, that kind of stuff. A pair of sweat suits. I think it's funny when you go, would you represent the full origin, sweat suit? Yeah. I mean, you're suit. Yes, sir. Yeah. Max comfort. Max comfort. Excerning to for yourself. But yes, all that stuff. You got your supplements too. We got supplements. Origin. And we got joint warfare for your joints. We got criloil, which is for your joints and everything else. And what else? Discipline. Discipline gives you a little edge. Yeah. Edge the mats of jiu jitsu and on the mats of life. Of life. Yes. Very much so mental edge physical edge. Vitamin, vitamins are specific, but we'll say for lack of a term, vitamins for you, bring. Like a whole situation. And then you got milk, which is, which is glorious. It's a protein dessert fortified. Here's the thing, but okay. So here's the thing about milk, which I found out. If I keep finding these things out here, I'm not the kind, apparently I'm not the kind person who's like doing all the research. What benefits of this thing? Apparently, I thought I was that kind of percent. You started drinking it? Yeah, you're like, you're like, you're like, you're like, cool. I'll taste it. Boom. My taste it and taste like super good. So I'm like, okay. I'm in and then you tend you start to become in the mood for some milkshake. I'm milkshake. Yeah. milkshake. And so I'll be like, yeah, I'm kind of, here's what I did do. I did this a bunch of times in a row. So I guess I do this. I make a peanut butter jelly sandwich. And a milkshake. Yeah. And I put some of the peanut butter in the mold. Okay. And that's the chocolate mint one. Yeah. Okay. And that's a weird thing. It is. Well, it still tastes good. It tastes really good. Wait, wait, what's weird? Peanut butter jelly sandwich? Peanut butter and mint. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Together. No, see. And you think yeah, sure that is kind of odd. It's not odd. Okay. Well, you want to have to do that for much longer. Yeah. Because we got peanut butter milk all the time. So you can just be cool. Just chill with all that peanut butter in the mint. And to me, it's all good. Put it all all in there. B&J is coming out. She's strong. You're just getting all up on the peanut butter jelly sandwich. It's like you're like your nine years old. I know very remember old school. That's the way to get late. I don't remember that. I just remember. Oh, what's for breakfast? What PBJ? What's for lunch? PB&J. Yeah. Oh, we're going. Remember the little plastic zip lock bag. Actually, we need a zip lock bag back back in the day. They just had like a fold over flap. The B.J. smeared all over that thing. Mom never put enough jelly on the peanut butter in jelly sandwich. No, never. It was all all all. The B.J. want your peanut butter in there. Why is it cheaper that cost the same thing? Put more jelly on the sandwich, mom. Come on. Where you at? Get that sweet. Just go ahead. What makes that funny is that that is 100%. It's universal. Yeah, they get the universe. I don't know what's up with the moms get taught at mom school. Lay off. They go. Hey, hold it back on the jelly. No, you know what it was. No, think about it. When you buy, I mean, I don't know how much peanut butter you buy at the store and jelly, but I'll let you know. I mean, the jelly things are a little much smaller. They're smaller and you live a bit more expensive. Yeah. Yeah. And then peanut butter thing is huge. Well, potentially. I mean, you know, you got the kids to the server. Crunchy creamy whatever. But you get the peanut the huge peanut butter. You got the little jelly with jelly's more expensive. Mom's trying to, you know, you're trying to be kind of a bit of a little bit more expensive. But the whole deal. So that home depot. So that home economics class. Do you have home economics and high school? Yeah. Yeah. I'm holding economics in high school too. Yeah, yeah. It's good. My, my, I think my little sister got kicked out of home economics. Oh, yeah. That was funny. Yeah. I could see that. Yeah. You didn't get kicked up. I definitely got in trouble a couple of times in home economics, but I, but I didn't get kicked out. But my little sister got kicked out for what putting the butter knife in the toaster for something to get what she did. I'll, I'll research that and get back with you. She was a, she's a character. So, you know, get that home economics was a little tough on her. She's a character for some reason. That doesn't surprise me. I don't know her. But, you know, I know other members of your family. Check. Mook. Yeah. You back to Mook. All right. Yeah. Yeah. So Mook protein added protein. Here's it. Okay. So back to my point. My point was I don't do all the research. You know, so I start just pounding Mook, get on the Mook train hard core and meanwhile, I'm discovering all these new things. I knew about the probiotics. But now it's like, I find out it's keto friendly. It's, I mean, unless you mix it with milk because I mix it with milk. I should make that clear. I mix it with milk. Yeah. Yeah. But you go like what, like what's, you go like I said, if you mix it with out milk, if you mix it with water, then you're talking ham sandwich level of goodness. Yeah. But there's like, it's like, it's good. Like, it's good. Like, you're like, you can get some coconut. Yeah. That's true. That's true. I haven't tried it, actually. I will try it. And here's the thing, too. And this, if you, jaco don't know that much about this part, it won't surprise me. There are so many milk, like, super-intestants. Yeah. And there are so many, oh, and like lactose-free. Oh, okay. There's like, a lot, yeah, there's a lot of options for that. And when you're talking keto, that's a whole, you know, that's a, that's a whole, like, dietary plan. Yeah. You know, so there are a lot of options. So, nonetheless, regardless of what you mix it with. Have you mixed it with that other kind of milk milk? Yeah, that, that, that, that almond milk almond milk. almond milk is not keto friendly. Is it? I don't think I'm, well, I'm not, you gotta go coconut milk. You can go coconut milk. Yeah. And you could get there. Yeah. And actually, you gotta get the real coconut milk. You can get the fake coconut. You can't get the, the, the, the, the milk that's the coconut milk that they're trying to sell you as like a health thing. Well, not, yeah, not, and keep it in my, they're dumb enough. They're dumb enough much sugar in this side. Well, wait, are you talking about coconut water? Because there's a different, coconut water, no, I'm talking about coconut milk. And I know the difference. Okay. When, bro, in Hawaii, we learn all about that in school, but a difference, we know coconut milk and coconut water. Yeah. Well, there you go. None, you were right though. You were right about the coconut milk. If you get the, you know, the unsweetened milk, the one, the real kind. Yeah, yeah, the real kind. Straight coconut milk. And that's keto you're saying. Yes. Okay. So that's the one I mixed it with. It's kind of like 10 billion grams of fat. It's so good. It's like 98 grams of fat in a can of coconut milk. Oh, good. But it's for his keto goes, that's dope. Good. But we're talking about the milk itself though. The milk is the powder. Yeah. So that's keto. So whatever you mix it with, that's going to be, you know, an extreme ownership situation. You know, if you want to stick with the keto, stick with the keto. Mocha is part of that, that deal. You can't sit there. And then the last good, good, clean protein probiotics, all these things, and it tastes good. And here's the thing. It's not like, oh, yeah, all these benefits. And then by the way, tastes good. It's not that to me. It tastes good. So and by the way, it has all this good. So you're now with me on the thing about the importance of things tasting good, or I should say the importance of things tasting good. You're with me that that is that is probably possibly the most important thing. If you're going to bring something into your game like fully, yeah, if this is going to be come part of your life, if it doesn't taste good, it's not going to come part of your life. And if you bring something, it's part of your life that tastes like crap, like how long you're going to sustain that for. And why when you can have something that delicious? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you don't, you don't have to have that beef anymore. No, for this kind of stuff. But yeah, and that's the whole reason I like it, like I said, you know, Barry Jelly sandwich with the moch, right, and I put a little bit of peanut butter in it, like I said, and I'm like, it is literally like a dessert. I'm like pounding it on that thing. Yeah. It's really good. No, last year, very good. OriginMain.com. That's where you get these outstanding things. Also, jujitsu immersion camp back to jujitsu and origin in and of itself in a lot of moch there. There's a lot of it. Yes, there's also jujitsu there. Strange laying off. I know best way to learn jujitsu most of the day. I'm sure there are exceptions, but if you immerse yourself in any activity, that's a very, very effective and good way to learn. And there's an ejujitsu immersion camp. Yeah. August 26th through September 2nd this year. Let's come in on. Yeah. A bunch of us are going. Yeah. Yeah. Doing some people that have never trained before. Wait, okay. So did we find out when that it's sold out? Because we're on the talking. I just checked the website, and it's not sold out. Okay. So it's not sold out. I don't. It might be close, but go inside up now. Yeah. And there we can go. And then yeah, well, that's the best way to find out if it's sold out. Go sign up. Yeah. If it says cool, you're signed up. You're solid. That means no. So that's bring a tent. Yeah. That could late. Tant. Get some. As I say. But yeah. Yeah. The lake. Tant mosquitoes. Yeah, I'm a mosquitoes. Is there? Yes. mosquitoes everywhere I guess. Well, Maine. This is state burn up there. These days to get through my jeans at night. Oh, yeah. Can you imagine a mosquito? It's so psycho. It just comes up jeans. No factor. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the main ones. Yeah. That's weird. Quite as mosquitoes for sure. They're not their legit mosquitoes. But I don't think maybe if you go in the mountains or something like that. Well, they only have to bite through that lightweight. They don't have to be so hardcore. No, that's true. Yeah. None of the last emergency camp real good. A lot of people going, man. A lot of people legitimate people going beginners advanced everywhere. Dean Lish. Dean Lish to the advanced guy. Obviously. Yeah. Advanced. Come on. Get some to say the least nonetheless. All right. So let's see the next one. Come on. Get all so. Jocco has a store. It's called joccostore.com. So joccostore.com. This is where you can get the shirts. If you want to represent, represent the the path that we are all on, if you will, discipline equals freedom. discipline equals freedom is the path really. Yes. It's like three. It's like the path is discipline. Actually, I don't know if that's right. Displenty equals freedom is the sort of like the roadmap. Yeah. The path is like, yeah. The path is actually doing it. Yeah. This one is the path. Yeah. And then freedom is like the destination where you're continually trying to go. Yeah. But you're just existing in this fabric of freedom because of the discipline. True. Okay. However, you want to sort of deep. If you want to represent, go to joccostore.com. You can get shirts, rash guards, hoodies, hats and beenions and whatnot. Tush shirts. Did you say t-shirts? T-shirts on there. Shocker hats. Tank tops, even. It's getting warm man. Wait. It's been warm. Male tank tops. Male tank. Oh, I'm a fancier. All right. There you go. Oh, that's that's good. Do it. But yeah, many people are busy. Are they? Are they? Uh, because you know, I'm not super fashion aware. Yes. Our tank tops out in or out of style. Because tank tops are the reason I style. The reason I style. As this is because first of all, I wear the same clothes forever. Yes. And I wear them until I completely destroyed. Well, I had when I met my wife, I had a bunch of tank tops. That was sort of like my go to just warm all the time because it's hot, right? Well, I don't wear them all time, but any time the temperature, anytime in the summertime, anytime. Love what that's cool. One more time. Functional. And then one day, my wife, because they were all old and ratti and they had Guinness stains on them. And they were just all jacks. But I didn't care. Of course. Because whatever. And my wife threw every single one of them away. Yeah. Every single one of them. Like just, and the thing is in her mind, it wasn't spiteful. She was actually super stoked. Like, oh yeah, I know. Oh yeah, you know how those old, I'll get your t-shirt. I threw my way. So you have to set up the shirts now. You're welcome. You know, she's coming at me with you. Welcome. And meanwhile, these were all like my favorite. They were all super. You know, I shirt that's like 14 years old. The super comfy. Yeah, I know the air. You're the comfort. The comfort kind of story. Come on. A t shirt that's 20 years old is more comfortable than a t-shirt that's brand new. Correct? Yes. Okay. So I had a whole series of tank tops like that all super comfortable. My wife threw them all the way. I've been complaining. The one thing is my wife complains about me is that when something happens, like this, I hold it against her forever. Yeah. I still will bring it up. Like, you know, it's been hot lately. Yes. You know, they're there. I'm like, oh, she's like, I can't believe how hot it is. I mean, like, I've been nice fed some tank tops. But it's all right. Yeah. Yeah. Some of the cool. So okay. Tank tops. Yeah. I need to go. What are you going? Back in the game with the tank tops. Come at you. To answer your question, our tank tops. What do you say in fashion? Yeah, because when I think tank tops, I also think like 80s dude, right? Which is pretty much what I was. And probably still am. But you're just throwing like a question out there to make sure I'm not out of line with it. Yeah. You know what though? I think tank tops. Like, remember the pants that I figured they were called, but like the bodybuilders were those pants that were kind of like an elastic. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, I don't want, if that's the equivalent right now, maybe I don't know if you're all out like that. I mean, if those pants were like, Funk, but they were super not functional. Yeah. I don't, I mean, functional for what? What, I want to know what those pants were called. What do you think they were actually called? I think that a name. Yeah. I think so. I don't know what they're called. I know, and this is a different type of pants, but you remember the MC Hammer pants? Yeah. Those are slightly different similar. Yeah. The bodybuilding ones with the print on them. Yeah. They're kind of like, they're kind of like, they're kind of like, the aluminum. Yeah. Balloony, but tight at the ankles. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They're keeping her. I actually never had a pair of those. Thank God. I could see that. Yeah. That's a kind of thing. Or it's like a picture that surfaces on the internet. You're like, damn. Yeah. That's old school. Yeah. It's retro. Actually, you know, they bring it down. Maybe it's coming back. Maybe. I don't know. Maybe. All right. Or maybe. All right. Or maybe. No, no, no. Tinctops of the they're in. Okay. They'll never cool out because he ends up this too. They're not functional. They're like cooler. They're not as hot. Yes. So we're down with them. They agree. So boom. We got that. Get on if you want to represent jockelstore.com. So we do it. We're going to stuff on there too. By the way, if it actually was said that already, but can't overstate it. Something. Actually, buddy, you actually can't overstate a lot of things. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. We're down. Yeah. That's sort of like part of your thing, I guess. Mm. Like, you know, tank tops and overseating stuff. All right. There you go. What am I to subscribe? How about subscribe? How about that? Let's let you all shift gears here. Great way to support. It's just simply to subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already. And then leave a review. So I can read your funny review. Oh, your smart and intellectual review, but you might want to leave a funny one. And also the warrior kid podcast. Yes. Good on regardless of who you. If you're if you have any relationship two kids on any even semi-continual basis, where a good podcast, very beneficial. I press record and listen to it and I personally bring the lessons home. I do too. I'm digging the on the and we get great feedback. Yeah. People are digging it. Yeah. I'm digging it. You're digging it. Good one for teachers too. Yeah. But which is, you know, obviously that fits the category of having children. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Also YouTube. Uh, you can get warrior kid videos on YouTube. And you can get the jockel podcast videos on YouTube. And Echo's actually been stepping up as game big time. So am I active? Yeah. Send my active. I guess that's a step up. You said I acted about and he makes not only the videos of this podcast, but he also makes enhanced ones with lots of graphics. You need to let him know. Sometimes maybe he's brushing up against going too crazy. Right? Yes. It's we've been talking about it. Yeah. If too many things explode, I mean, let's face it. There's a lot of movies out there. What are those movies? What's the most, the best one? Commando. Okay. So there. Commando has just, no, you gotta go with a more modern one. There's more CGI and just everything's blown up. Oh. Dang. I watched one on the other day with my nine year old daughter. Everything blew up. Everything was on fire. Everything. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We started to seem like it was one of your videos. All right. There you go. There you go. You got that new tool. The only video that's I think is truly brushed up against it. You've made. I don't think you're cross-aligned, but the war path video. You were brushing up against everything that I did exploded and turned to dust and caught on fire. You were on the war path. You were on the war path in the video. It was thematic. Yeah. And it happened to be Christmas time at the time for the original. No red still on there. So there's that nonetheless. Yeah. You can go to the wrong YouTube. Yes. videos. Also, when we're working out, just got rings. I told you that. Yeah. They just came in. Boom. Really nice ones too. You can't do muscle ups though, because you're on. Not right now. No. But here's the thing, but I never cut into muscle ups. That's wrong. So I've attempted muscle ups and I've seen that there's a technique to muscle ups. Like you've seen it. Yes. Yeah. So I've never had the pleasure of doing a muscle up. Ever. Never done a muscle up. Rings bar nothing. So my arm heals. Fully. You're going to keep a muscle up. I'm doing muscle up. That's my whole thing. I'm going to be one of my things. Also, a pistol squat. Okay. So I've done pistol squats before. Really hard. Really clunky, really ugly, even. But the next call you out on that one day. In. Like while we were doing the podcast, I like after the podcast, I was like, oh, pistol. Yeah. And then I was like, well, let's get. Yeah. You're not as flexible. Are you? No, no, no. I am. Remember, you were like, I am very flexible. Oh, okay. In my knees in my ankle. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We really got a lot of room to move around. Oh, I did. Yeah. I said, please. Yeah. They got rough. Yeah. Yeah. Just so. So side splittingly fun. Anyway, very flexible. I'm going to do pistol squats and muscle ups. Watch. And be really good at it. Nonetheless, my point is, I got my rings. Anyway, my actually mid point is we're talking about on it. So you go to on it.com slash chocolate. This is where I have been getting outstanding workout gear that deviates from my normal dumbbells. You know, whatever. So I got turned on the kettlebells. All this good stuff. They have some good stuff. The bag. You know, like the, I don't think it's a bulk Gary in bag. You know, a bulk Gary in bag. I have the big same bag thing from on it. Okay. So how big is your sand bag? Bigger than yours. Well, I don't have one. Oh, okay. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, there's just one size. I think from on it. Okay. Yeah. But then you can you fill it up. Yeah, right? But did like how much this is for sure. I have no idea. No, no, go away. Tell me. Okay. Just so I can fill up. Put an extra pound in there. Cool. But I've been doing that. The farmer's carry. Yeah. I mean, my arm can't sustain too much weight. But it's solid. Yeah. It's a solid. I go around. I, if I went around the block through the day with my 106s, two of them. Yeah. One, it won't want any chance. Yeah. And like, I just like, okay, you know, it's definitely challenging. It takes it. And I have to set them down a couple times during that lap. But what I noticed was the next day, like my entire, my entire like traps, net shoulders, everything and for us. We're all sore. Yeah. So I mean, I had that in the routine. I was doing it pretty regular. I like to see how far I can get. Yeah. He's done my anyways. It's really good. Just for your body. Yeah. Like strength. How far is your block? I don't know. More than, well, block is about what you can't do. Yeah. Because it blocks from the same side. Yeah. I think he like city block downtown. Turned Eagles. Yeah. It's different. Wait a minute. Nonetheless, anyway, on a dot com slash juckled, really cool stuff on their cool info as well. Don't, you can get stuck on that website because it's a lot of cool stuff on there. Also psychological warfare. It's an album with tracks. A lot of people ask for a alarm system. This is kind of an alarm that you can put in your phone and it's me talking about times that you might want to slack off. This will not allow any slack psychological warfare. It's on iTunes, Google Play, etc. Jack. It's a good one. Dang. It was pretty concise. Yeah. And effective because that is what it is. Also, juckled like tea. Yeah. I got, so the tea, I'm into the cans, not into the brewing. Jay Peas. Sorry, bro. Jay Peas. I think JP might have a problem. JP's all about it. Actually, okay. So let me ask you this. It has a little bit of caffeine. And what's good is that JP, JP, my brother, that boy can drink some dang energy drinks like crazy. Like, like, where I should have as a friend been like a JP. I think he talked to you. Like, he said, he re-have. We need to get you off these things. Because he would pound that stuff. You know, because he's going hard. He's, you know, JP's getting after it. And so it's like, okay, cool. I'll just drink, drink energy drinks. And also now he's on, he's drinking a chocolate tea. And so that's real positive. It's a good replacement for that crap. He's just pounding. Yeah. Yeah. I, but he still owe me like a crackhead. Like, hey, man, it's a thing. Yeah, I just got another two cases. By the way, cans. Can you give it to little kid like, being not babies? There's caffeine in it, bro. That, yeah. That's what I give it to little kids. Yeah, because my son grabs, and grabs. What's it done with? He does lift the, oh, he's doing it. He's a little kid. Nonetheless, yes, very good. Ooh, another thing that happens to taste really, really good from Jockel, Jockel's into the little tasting good thing. Nonetheless, Jockel, why do you really go to organic certified? Yeah. By the way, so get down with it. Yeah. It's good to wait. You know, right now it's on Amazon. And we're going to expand that. We got it in Canada. So on Jockel's store too, by the way. I want to say Australia. Get some Jocquatino Australia. We're going to go England. So anyways, well, the store ships everywhere look like are the shipping from the store. He's people. I hate when people say like, hey, man, what's up with your shipping? Yeah, I know. I don't, I'd rather you just don't buy it. You know, you're buying whatever wait till we get it to your country. Yeah. Well, we haven't in your country. We got in Canada. We got it in England. We got on Australia. Yeah. Jocquatino. Well, here's the thing in the channel. Shipping from the store can get challenge it because we're paying what they're kind of charging us for though. It's like a whole thing. Then we're working on just slowly and slowly. Yeah. Shipping more. You know, plus the the the the bigger we get. Yes. Then we get the economy of scales. Yes. And so that's it makes stuff. She's so appreciate that. Some more on our way. Because one day you're going to be able to buy Jocquatino everywhere you go. You might just be coming out of your drinking fountain too. It's like, oh, yeah. I'm going to. Yeah. I'm going to get a stronger thing. Yeah. I wrote some books. One of them is called the way the warrior kid. One of them is a follow up of that book series called Way the Warrior Kid Marks Mission. Those books will help your kid. I promise. How's that? Yeah. Should I do that? I think I think you can do that. Yes. I've got I've not had anyone say, hey, my kid read that book and didn't like it and has now said that they want to get weaker. Yeah. That's not happening. Hey, this does not help. Yeah. So, way the warrior kid books get them for whoever. Whatever kid you know, whatever family get them for your library, get them for whoever. It's like it's like a good way to help man. It's a good way to help. Also got a book called Desperning Coast Freedom Field Management. I just said someone has wrote on Twitter that that's the best book they've ever read. No, no frame of reference might be the only book he's ever read. But unless I will say this, the field manual, if you crack that thing open, then you take a little look. It'll reset. Your, your, your, your compass a little bit. Really will. It resets my, I wrote the book and I still get my compass reset when I look at it. So it's a good book to get for people that are sort of like maybe they're a little bit. They're, they're somewhere, right? They're not really going in the right direction. Oh, they're not going in the right direction. As horn as they should be. Boom. Yeah. It doesn't matter. You're someone that's like completely off the path like on the slippery slope. You're in the, in the, was that place you called one time like the, the weed? Yeah. No, no, yeah. We do, you do someone from a movie that you saw, which is a lot of movies. Some place of misery swamps the sadness during the swamp. Maybe someone's something sort of getting in the book. But you get someone that's like not in the swamp, but that's actually on the path they want to get further on the path getting that book right there. I really like how you swamps the sadness. Yeah. That makes me feel very good. He's a references via you. So that's discipline. It goes freedom. The field manual. It's not a normal book. No, it's not a normal book. Extreme ownership. That's the first book I wrote with my brother, Dave Babin. And that book is about leadership. It's about the combat leadership principles we learned on the battlefield and how you can apply them to everything that you do. Now we got a follow-up book to that called the dichotomy leadership. The follow-up book to that is actually chapter 12 of extreme ownership talks about the dichotomy leadership. And that's balancing these opposing forces and we realized through echelon front our consulting company that the biggest problem people have is that they have a hard time staying balanced as a leader. So we wrote a whole book about it so that people can dial in and get granular and that's the dichotomy leadership. We're getting awesome feedback on it. We're better writers now than we are then. I mean, here's the three years. I've been reading and writing of non-stop and so we're better. And so yeah, that's that. That comes out September 25th. If you want the first edition, you got to order it now. Someone said that they're ordering it now so that they get the first edition so that when they meet me and I sign it, they're not like holding their head down and saying someone else said, hey, oh, I guess I'm a bad guy because I gave away my first edition of extreme ownership. You're not a bad guy. You just made a mistake. Get somebody else. The third edition, the fifth edition. You don't care about that. You only want a desk. You only get one crack at the title or they're very, very noble. You know, we copies of the extreme of about face I have. I'm going to count them. I don't know, but I got a lot. Okay. Always in the hunt for that first edition. Got a couple of them. Got you. Got you. So anyways, that's that. Also, I just mentioned echelon front. That is our leadership and management consulting company. It's me, Lave Babin, JP Nell, Dave Burke, Flynn Cockrant and also Mike Surrely, who is just on the podcast 134 awesome podcast, awesome to talk to Mike, awesome to be working with Mike again. And what we do is we solve problems through leadership period. That's what we do. Mustard 006 in San Francisco, California, October 17th and 18th. It's going to sell out. I would get in close, but yeah, register an extreme ownership.com. Every mustard we've done has sold out this in the 6 one. Also, this is an important one for current military law enforcement, border patrol, firefighters, Paramax, everyone. All you first responders out there. We've got a one day leadership seminar in Texas Dallas, Texas September 21st. We did this because we wanted to do something shorter and focused so that more people in uniform could get to it. And it's a cheaper price point than the master. So if you're in one of those types of organizations, come to the roll call. And it's, but it is a master. It's a mini-muster. Would you say that? It's not really a mini-muster. It's a, it's, they're both leadership training, right? But this one is completely focused on these dynamic environments, whereas the master's talking about talks about a broader leadership, a little bit broader, not so focused. I shouldn't say not so focused. This one is specific. It's true. The dynamic environments. Yeah. And we can focus a little bit more on it. The challenges are, we can address the challenges that those leaders have in those dynamic environments. As opposed to the master where we address, that one is definitely the master is more focused on business leadership. Even though we get all types of leaders and we do get military law enforcement there, it's focused on business leadership more. This one is you focus. And like, and I just got back, I mean, it's worked with the Arizona Highway Patrol and just being out there. You know, you just, you hear that it's leadership. And the better you are as a leader, the better your team's going to be, the more prepared you're going to be for bad situations. And we, you know, echelon front does this. We work with fire departments. We work with police departments. And we know that not every department can bring us in. So that's why we do this. That's why we decided to do this roll call. So people could come to it and get the training concentrated one day. So they're better prepared to do their jobs on the beat, on the battlefield, wherever they are. All right. And lastly, we have the Overwatch EF Overwatch, which is where we are connecting special operations that's combat aviation that's with companies that need solid leaders. You can go to EF Overwatch.com to get in the game on that. And if you want to spend some time with us virtually, virtually in the virtual world until we see each other live at the master in San Francisco, where we see each other live at the roll call in Texas or live at the immersion camp in Maine, then you can find us on the in-rewebs on Twitter, on Instagram. And of course on that defaes. Oh, I was at Eko Charles and I am at Jocco Willink and as always to those of you out there in uniform that are protecting us here in a broad that's a military law enforcement firefighter sport of patrol paramedics, other first responders without you, the world falls apart. So thank you for what you do and thanks to everyone for listening. Thanks to everyone for supporting. I know that this podcast is not always the most uplifting thing to listen to. I know it gets heavy. I know it gets dark just like life does, but I definitely don't want you to dwell in the darkness. I don't dwell there, but as I've said before, I do think that we need to know the darkness so that we can steer our lives in the right direction away from it, toward the good and toward the light. So go out there. Don't be judgmental, go out there and fight against the darkness by doing what you should be doing, what you know you should be doing by doing good by being good and of course, by getting after it. Until next time, this is Echo and Jocco out.