 This is Jocco podcast number 25 with echo Charles and me, Jocco Willick and once again We have this evening Jody Middick and if you didn't listen to the last podcast This is our first double guest. He's been on the podcast twice. We Went so long on the first podcast that we had to break it up into two podcasts But Jody had a lot of been through a lot of stuff had a lot of stuff to talk about Canadian army soldier sniper served in Afghanistan Remember the city council up in Ottawa. He's been on TV. He wrote this book right here boom It's called unflinching the making of a Canadian sniper and And he was wounded in Afghanistan Lost double amputee below the knees and We talked about that on the first podcast if you have on podcast number 24 if you haven't listened that one Listen that one first so you get the context of what we're about to go into tonight But welcome to the show once again Jody awesome, and thank you appreciate it echo Charles good evening Good evening so Well this one since we already talked for a long time on the first one didn't feel like a long time No, it didn't but this time we got some we did get some questions from the interwebs and It was now. Do you strictly pull from Twitter or do you get email? I get Facebook and What about your Instagram okay the problem with Instagram is you can't copy and paste from Instagram It's all my phone into the document that I travel with and you're going so Twitter is the one that Twitter's the easiest one Facebook's fine to but I primarily use Twitter to get the questions from all the troopers out there That and it keeps the question short yes, you have 140 characters yeah And we know I have got now so I have something called the the question podcast question bank right which I've caught captured every question that anyone's ever asked me They're in there and I just every time I you know you got a chance of coming up in the lottery every time Nice because I go through it and I go through all from the beginning and just look for questions that are pertinent Maybe the pertinent of the topic that I'm talking about that night Maybe it's pertinent to something that's going on right in the world But I just pick them and say oh yeah, that that's a question that people have or I'll see repetitive question People a bunch of different people ask me the same thing and then that becomes one of the questions But that's kind of how we've been doing it right so do you do you find you get Because you you know we I don't want to hash out too much, but like your podcast went from non-existent to number one and about like Six days something crazy like that like you you left the Joe Rogan podcast Did you did started your own hit number one and like now like do you get too much correspondence like how do you keep up like I've noticed you are your like you must make Twitter a daily pass. Oh, I have to. Yeah, and I be honest with you I don't know how long I'm going to be able to keep it up for yeah because so you're approaching critical mass I'm approaching critical mass where I'm going to have to what I'm not going to be able to do because right now I read every thing I'll probably always read them all I mean, I just get crazy, but I I at least read them and I'll try and respond if it's something quick if it's not something I can respond to immediately Yeah, I'll just put it in the question bank And would you ever consider getting someone to do it for you? No, like not answer, but like take it all in record it like so you don't have to check yourself Maybe I guess that seems like something Tim Ferriss would tell me to do Which is we just smart. I tell you to hire a kid and pack a stand-in-put for eight bucks an hour right no, and maybe that's a smart thing to do the problem I find with that is I Wouldn't if I was want to talk to me and I was one of the troopers out there. I'd want I'd rather have Take the chances of Not hearing anything back from me But know that the guy that actually read this thing was me. Oh I'm 100% with you. I've had people tell me to hand my stuff over and I'm like, uh-uh Because that's me. Yeah, there is one reason why I interact with Jaco on Twitter It's because I know it's Jaco. Yeah, and I think that's the feeling most people would have I know I would have it guess who you unfa-guess who I unfollow on Twitter when I realize oh that's not That's not him or her. Oh, okay, so never mind yeah For me, it's like if you're in a leadership position and you Lead you send someone else to do your bidding That's to me is not good and I wouldn't like that if I was a Follow-where yeah, yeah, well that yeah, to the whole point to social media and the other thing is I get a lot of You know good feedback from people and also people always like oh you inspire me and you know I say you inspire me too Because there's people that are out there Grinding it out in their worlds in their lives and I say man The world is fooled with a bunch of people not a bunch of lazy slackers that I'm used to You get on the you get on the Twitter the the Jaco troopers man they're getting after it all of them Yeah, charging yeah, they're not getting on there and saying hey I don't feel like I'm gonna get after it today. I think I'm gonna say no They're like it's 407 and I'm in the game and I go damn I gotta keep my game in check Yeah, I love I love it when I see like I'll see You're because you always put the picture of your watch when you wake up. Yes, I do and then I'll see like a retweet with like You know somebody else was watching there's like a thousand watches with like your picture and the air is right next to it And I'm like oh, it's six a.m. All right. I'm all look at that I love you man, but I ain't getting up at four. Yeah, that's just me. Yeah, I don't have any legs So I gotta excuse cool right. I don't accept but But it's I feel the same because it's like It's it's a duty now. Yeah, we've put ourselves in a position where others turn to us So now we got to turn to them and if we don't show up Oh, who we letting down? I'm not it's not that I'm letting me down. Yeah, you know it's that you're gonna let down all What do you got like 25,000 Twitter followers or something? 40 40 40 something yeah That's 40,000 people that are waiting for your for a yeah, yeah, you know that's that's good But it keeps you keeps you you want it keeps you sharp right keeps you on the days I say it I got days where I'll look at my prosthetic legs and I'll be like Last thing I want to do is put those things on today and then I'll think about everybody else that is in my position And says and I get it because I get the same thing right all hey man thanks for being who you are and I'm thinking about them. Well, they're gonna get up so who am I? You know and I love when I front like when I following guys like you though Helps me go on a lazy bitch People see I get a lot done look at this guy and then oh look at her Look at that kid. Oh, man. I better step my game up. Yeah, I want to normal people I'm a bunch of regular people have regular lives. Yeah, are doing what they can to get ahead Yeah, and dig in and make something happen and and that does fire me up. You know that does fire me up to see people feels good getting better yeah and and wanting to yeah Just add someone today this woman came into the gym. Yeah, and she said they called me down Oh, there's someone here to see you I come down and it's a woman whose daughter is fired up for the podcast fire it up for the book They actually they actually named it have a crossfit gym. It's called the crossfit overwatch I like yeah, you can be tingles. Yeah. Yeah, so they and they would have been there great now Obviously because of you know overwatches we talk about in in the book and So yeah, here's this woman she was like to be honest with you? She was kind of tear it up a little bit like that fired up How humbling is it when somebody feels like that around you? It's it's motivating to me. Yeah, no, but it's yeah, it's definitely you can have that at you like yeah In my case me that Joe, you medic the guy who just wanted to be a soldier and somebody is that Like shh fired up to meet me that they're shaking right Damn well I got it I got to keep I got to keep my game up. Yeah, and it's weird to and we actually talked about this on the podcast once is like Don't put me on a pedestal as if I'm Something great because I'm not man. I'm not I'm a I'm a Weekend soft and do stupid things you know, I mean don't put me on a pedestal But put yourself on a pedestal you know put yourself on a pedestal and rise up Your self don't worry about me springboard off my back and go to a higher level That's what I want to see happen that's what I don't want I don't want people to put me on a pedestal I want them to stand on my shoulders and go higher and further than anything I could ever do That's what I like did it take you this is a personal question on my end to take you while to say Like when somebody would say you inspire me and and thank you for being who you are Did you accept that at first or did you have to tell them like don't know no Like you just said like I'm nothing special But how long did take you before you would accept that compliment without without dismissing it I literally went right the first person that said that to me I said no man you inspire me you know because Your I guess what I've had a great life. I've had a great life and I'm Stoked right but look at you you're saying I inspire you look you inspire me you're a single mom With two or three jobs getting after it and by getting after I mean waiting tables Working in as an admin assistant and then doing some babysitting at night yeah and helping with homework and making lunches and and and and all right So jocos really really no actually you are yeah You're fired up. Yeah, I just I asked because it took me a while because I I had a real hard time With people looking at me like that and I actually would I would be like dismissive of it at first I'd be like not off what are you doing what are you talking about it? I'm just I'm nobody special like don't don't don't say that and I realize I was Be in a bit of a dick By completely dismissing their Feelings for for for the situation and and then it was until I until I realized though and then that's when I realized I went oh this is this is real these people actually do feel this and I'm Who am I to dismiss their feelings? You know I tried trying to use them to be stronger and realize like you know like this is real like people are looking up to me So now I got to live up to that role. I'll tell you another thing that I tell people when they say something like that to me I tell them look there's many people that have done way more than me and sacrificed way more than me 100% and The fact that You think that about me the only reason you think that about me is because you know me You know who I am because I stepped out of the darkness and and into the public view yeah But otherwise there's a bunch of A bunch of warriors That they're never gonna know their name They're never gonna be able to say hey you inspire me so there's told in that my direction and I tell them look You don't I don't inspire you you get inspired by what I stand for and what I represent Is Thousands and thousands of serviceman seals yes soldiers yes Marines yes all of them yeah, yeah, that's what that's what you're saying and And so on behalf of all of them I get it because you know what those soldiers those Marines those seals those guys in special operations They inspire me too and so I think there's that's kind of the so it's a given take yeah, okay Yeah, no I had to ask you because I went through such a with with the legs and everything I was just trying to accept not having legs never mind that I had a woman come up to me and say I had like I had several actually, but this this was like maybe the first I think she said I lost a hundred pounds because of you Yeah, and I'm like first of all you don't even look like you weigh a hundred pounds and I'm like huh What did I do? I'm just being me and and that was the one that really in my mind like at that moment I went okay, I got I got a I got a reevaluate what's going on here. Yeah, I can't just dismiss this as I'm just Jody Middick anymore Clearly clearly there's something going on well I think your story in particular strikes are real Cored with people because you had to overcome some crazy adversity and by the way Your adversity while challenging as you know well There's guys with much more challenging adversity than you've had 10 fold a hundred fold and so You know for me it's a joke for you you at least get a sense But you and me both know and we've seen guys and we know guys that have had it Like I said infinitely worse than you kind of imaginable unimaginable and so those guys That get up with their issues and press on and drive on Look to them for inspiration. Absolutely. Look right past me look right past Jody look at those guys Who are doing what they're doing and and that to me is is where inspiration comes from and so I guess Inspiration's around you everywhere. Yeah, it really is if you open your eyes to it and you look at what other human beings do It's it's amazing. Yeah, it's amazing. Yeah, I love I love it. I love humans humans are such We're such a species that's study, you know like So anyway, I know we wanted to get to the inner webs, but I wanted to have that discussion with you before we moved on because It was just important to me to hear that the discussion. Yeah has been had Roger And I think it's yeah, I think it's I think it's awesome. I think it's awesome and Yeah, like I said, I see why people are coming up and telling you that yeah, I agree with them actually Well, thanks, buddy All right, make me blush We need to get some questions from the intro webs now. Okay now get it right here we go Okay Mental exercises to learn to control once pulse and breathing in really stressful situations or When very nervous what do you do? Mental exercises, so we touched on this very Briefly in the last episode which was On the book and where I talk a little bit about Snape training Visualization is probably your biggest tool and what in my experience Train train the shit out of it train train train and when you think you've trained enough keep training But when you're not training think about it Think about it the more you think about it become In tune with yourself. Okay, I'm gonna get a little spacey here little earthy Just sit there Because you know what you do when you're a sniper You're fucking sit there you have a lot of time to yourself Can't really talk because you got a job to do and what you gotta do is you just gotta Okay, I know my heart rate's gonna go up here But I do my best to make sure it doesn't overwhelm my motor functions and you can control it pretty meant that pretty easily if you prepare yourself for that moment but it's all about preparation training and visualization Even like Even making the shot you know like Tim Kennedy was on here, right? And he talked about dry firing Consider dry firing That this is your dry firing for for for controlling yourself for your brain for your brain exactly and Dry fire you brain I like that and and um it only comes from experience now I guess there's probably some exceptions the rule out there that are just born to be Cold blooded killers that second they get behind a barrel but But for me it was it was visualization and just preparing To accept the feelings that were coming and also overriding them Because they could still be happening but you can still control yourself with the right kind of preparation And it's also a perishable skill funny enough I realized I don't know if that answered the question but I think that's I think that's good and I think for me One thing that I that I know I do and this is a I guess it's it may be considered a technique But it's like the technique creates the solution Let me explain this to you one of the things that I do in stressful situations There's something that I always try and do and that is no matter what's going on I try and Remain calm in my voice So when things are going crazy I try and get on the radio and say a we need two more people over here Not hey we need two more people over here Roger that so if you're gonna talk in a calm controlled voice Then you can't be breathing hard you can't be excited you can't Get angry you can't get frustrated you have to lock all that up And get it under control before you open your lips Right and start saying something And so I'm always very focused on I am gonna sound calm cool and collected when I open my mouth That way and when in doing that the only way to make that happen is to do everything we just talked about Control your breathing control your pulse control your emotions get all those things under control and then say All right, we need two more guys down here immediately now And everybody goes oh, okay Let's make this happen and Coming from you especially you're in your in your case you're the boss So if you're if you're calm cool and collected that translates to your troopers It absolutely right us when we wouldn't and it would for us as well when we were doing Overwatch You know six to six three you move into your left Well, no no no no you're left right think about what happens when you do that so imagine if I went Who should six there on your left or on your left right I'm freaking out they would even it all would be lost But you're that you're that voice because we're over snipers are overwatch We're they the troops feel better when they know okay the snipers do you know watch okay? We can we're gonna be okay. So if I go on the radio and talk the same way so you know, no, okay yet adjust fire 400 meters north You know fire for effect Roger that you know they got a that's a good point. I didn't thought of that Yeah, I think airline pilots train that too because you know we hit the turret reliance and they're oh Hey, I'm sorry about that That's you know yeah, just go ahead and put your seat and yeah, yeah, yeah, actually if you hear solely the guy that landed on the He's like that yeah, yeah, we're gonna have to read that They have to teach him that because that's where people are so apprehensive before they're in the play My favorite part about that is uh, like yeah, we'll be in the river and the guys like say again We'll be in the Hudson Roger out and like the plane. It's like real time you're watching the video and he's just like yeah Yeah, we're in the river. We're in the river That's the home man. What? If I controlling you You know order to control his voice. He's got a control his breathing. He's got a control his temper. He's got a control his emotions and so That's what I do in those situations. I don't say what if I haven't if I don't if I'm not the situation Where I need to talk I'll just talk to myself Be like okay, you know just say that in my head. Yeah, all right. What is the next movement? You're gonna? I know we're spending a lot of time on the first question, but that's what saved my life. Oh staying If I had gone into shock to you that'd be dead right and I say it in the book I say I did my best to go into the zone So I know I'm bleeding it and I know this and I know that but And my mind it was let the system do its job Okay, everything's gonna be fine jodied. It's okay. And I just I just kept saying talking to myself Visualizing what okay, so the chopper's gonna come in you know and I just visualized each step and my my But the whole point to it was I couldn't have my pulse, you know, jackhammer otherwise more blood's lost more blood And then your and what happens right blood gets sucked into your core when you go into shock and And that sucks it out of your brain sucks it out of everywhere where you know, I need to stay conscious So No anyway long long answer for one question, but this this is also something you know you gotta learn Practice keep practicing it you'll figure it yeah and always and we talk about this again all the time on the podcast Anoculate yourself to these stressful situations. That's right. That's a great. That's a great Grossman. That's the guy's name. Yes, but stress inoculation. Yep, anoculate yourself to the stress So that when you you get used to it. Yeah, the more stressful such I mean Training going through training man. They they put all kinds of stresses at you. Yeah, so that you learn to deal with it And if you want to learn how that's your time to practice Controlling all those things absolutely and I'm not trying to go level seven Zen Buddha on you all like You need to get into the mindset to control your breathing like no it's a practical thing. It's a real thing It's not a yoga thing. It's a practical real thing of hey Get calm down. Yeah, take a deep breath get yourself under control now. It's time to talk and give clear concise orders that calm Yeah, or make that shot or crack one off if you're in the sniper zone lack a bad guy All right Next question What does Jodie think of the soldier first principle In the Canadian armed forces is expertise such as his being lost due to this I think they're talking about the Universityality of service which means Everyone must be able to deploy so I didn't realize what it meant until I lost my feet and instead and my mind You know, this was something else. Okay. I can't deploy anymore, but I can go to the sniper school and teach the next generation of snipers Sure, but you're not gonna get promoted and listen that no, you know like huh? I was supposed to get promoted to surgeon like what do we talk about here? So University of service says if you are not deployable you're not employable And you can't be promoted and you can't get any courses in this that you know So because of it we lose a lot of corporate knowledge, right? So I would like I said I was what we call a master sniper Advanced sniper and that doesn't mean I get access to the Canadian temple of sniper Snuperdom to see the secret 13th scroll or anything it just means I'm allowed to do the paper work and hand out qualifications And stuff like that. Now it is a very difficult qualification to achieve and they spend a lot of money getting me there And that value is completely erased with my injuries. So soldier first is if you're not deployable get Then you're gonna you're unavailable. Okay, so under that system you get however many years to recover from whatever your injury is At that point if you're not recovering or going to recover they will then begin the process to release you from the example They're convinced that it's Required because of the size of our military where my take is I believe at the opposite Because of the size of our military you want guys like me doing the training the guys with the experience The guys who want to be there to train the guys and can't deploy For as long as possible now I'm not saying put me in a spot leave me there for 15 years to become a dinosaur But allow me to pass on the knowledge I have and and remain useful right but but they and they say you can For the for the limited number of years and they they offer these things that they call extensions in that We're not gonna get promoted so forget about a better pension you're not gonna do this and you're not gonna do that And the dichotomy As the word that I I never used to use that word as much I used it I was one of the few people use it But not nearly as much as since I started listening to the jocco podcast The dichotomy of it is that We are version of the Pentagon. I'm gonna get a lot of trouble for saying this but Is a whole lot of people who's Physical fitness probably keeps them from being able to do anything and they're not being they're not getting they're not He's suited no and It's one of those like open secrets You know I'm saying yeah and and I'm sorry if people get mad at me for that and stuff but I'm willing to run half marathons and and and do cross fit without legs and stuff like that and you still don't want to promote me or keep me Well, I'm gonna point out a few issues with your system and I Don't blame the military right like a military is a system like we said the big green machine a roll on with her without you At some point you got to worry about you And that's at some point I just started worrying about more about me than about Then about mommy the big mommy military And but then I you know when I look back over my shoulder every now and then I go Tell me that guy over there's deploying Show me what show me his med med. How many pull ups can he do? And so anyway it's um I believe it I'm sure someone somewhere thinks it's a good idea But I think the millet the Canadian forces should re-examine What it actually means Because it's very black and white yeah, that's and there's no room for Um, oh well, okay, so here's an example real quick example we can move on We used to have um, we're in no rush joty We used to have a thing we called acting lacking So you were acting as surgeon lacking qualification and it would be a way to like promote guys that maybe can't quite get you know Maybe they have an injury or something and um and they got rid of it as we went back into combat Basically yeah, so you had all these guys getting smashed in combat Now getting told like yeah, we can't make an exception until you can't get promote so I was one of them I was on the cusp of being promoted surgeon just had to come home and do What we call it's called a small arms course and it makes you an expert in all small arms in the infantry And how to train with them to train troopers and Then you get promoted surgeon and when you learn some surgeon leadership stuff as well, but I was number one of my regimen to go do it and When I got after I got wounded they're like yeah, sorry man I'm like, well, can I just be acting lacking so my pension is better like oh, yeah, we don't do that anymore Yeah, that's I can see why I mean we're only in combat guys are getting smashed all the time So why would you want to promote them and you know like The administrative side of the military can be very Heartless sometimes yeah, and I remember when I was in San Antonio Telling this to some medical colonel and she was like Huh, she's like I promoted a guy who's in a coma the other day We don't we don't give a shit down here no if you if we think you deserve it you get your promotion Because we know it makes things better for you when you get out so Should I be Better about not getting promoted? No, I'm I'm over it, but I'm better you didn't get promoted How you like that apples. Yeah, thank you, but you know at the same time there's a lot of amazing people and a lot of Difficult spots and of leadership and You know you got to pick your battles, too. Yeah, right. So anyway well, I'll tell you As you pointed out, yeah, I That's really good what you said about the guys getting promoted that in a coma. That's awesome. I can't speak to the whole military I can say in the sealed teams we did a we do an outstanding job of taking guys that get wounded and As a matter of fact one of my guys who was wounded real bad Ryan Joe who was Awesome Biggles Then he got shot in the face got blinded and He was like I'm staying in and he's telling me I'm staying in and he wanted to come back to Iraq When he before he found out he's buying there was blind. He still wanted to come back But um Then like when we came home from deployment everything And you know he's he's blind And he says yeah, I want to stay in the teams and I talked I was I was friends with the Admiral that wasn't charge of all the seals nice and hasty or I know this might sound crazy, but you know Ryan Joe He wants to stay in the teams and just keep being a team guy He's like we'll find a job for him Right Which is awesome was it is awesome, but was he gonna get promoted? He would have yeah, he would have just they would have put found a job for him and He actually ended up saying you know what kind of became the same conclusion that you made Yeah, which is like you know what? I can't do like the actual job of being a seal now he had tons of lessons he could have passed on Which would have been awesome But he he made a decision hey, you know what I'm gonna move on okay and so he got out so what would have happened No, there's he he was stayed in and I would hope You know that was one admiral who was a great guy who had a great attitude and supporting In supporting the teas and that's one thing that that admiral always said to me This is an admiral I worked for for about 13 months. I was the aid to the admiral in charge of all the seals Outstanding guy, but One of the things that he would say during meetings and you know he did all these politicians that you're talking about all these Administrative people that you're talking about all the big bureaucracy that you're talking about And he would see what ask them they'd go through their big presentation about we're gonna cut this we're gonna do that We're gonna buy this but we're not gonna buy that and he'd say how does this affect the potunes? Oh Like because because people would forget that the whole reason you're there the whole reason any of that infrastructure Anything is there is how does it support the potunes? How does it help the seals? How does it help the machine gunner? How does it help the sniper out there or the radio men the guys that are actually doing the job that we have And I say this to businesses sometimes when I work with businesses and I see that there are Infrastructures getting super big and they're starting to impose Plans and restrictions and I say hey remember what you're here for you're here to support this guy That's on the manufacturing floor or this guy that's out there selling or this this woman that's working with the patients or whatever Business it is because it's very easy To be in a leadership position and forget about what the ground troops are doing No dead and that's a horrible thing That's a horrible thing and this thing that you're talking about Soldier first which sounds to me like soldier last because they don't want to take care of the soldiers Because they want to do that because there's nobody better to prepare soldiers for combat and soldiers that are bidding combat Yeah, if I want to learn sniper you know how I want to learn it from in Canada Jody medic you know I want to learn it from someone that's like you if I want to learn how to patrol I want to learn it from someone like you I don't want to learn it from a guy that theoretically understands it Right, that's not the same thing. I want the real deal Yeah, it's it's a policy again. They defend it. They think it's necessary What are you gonna do? Yeah big green machine just keeps on All right This is a similar question to when we've already had but I'm gonna do it again How do you silence distraction no matter how important to achieve your number one priority? On on op When I was still a sniper I actually had a much easier time of this I'm I'm I made ed in a lot of ways and Whatever I want to focus on ADD doesn't mean that you can't focus on stuff it just means like when the teacher tells you to focus on something You're busy doing other stuff and so Right it's not a deficit disorder. It's that I don't give a shit what you're trying to show me But that right there that's what I want to look at so I I had a way of just I would like if I had to watch a cross road I watched that Crossroad was my whole World and it wouldn't matter what was now it doesn't mean I was in situationally aware But I would watch that cross road like my my life dependent on it are somebody's life dependent on it Which which a lot of times it did and um if I have a nut what I found actually and this is one of the reasons why I'm starting to meditate again. I'm seeing a therapist again I'm listening to Jocco podcast and reading extreme ownership No, I'm saying serious. That's awesome. Is that In my civilian post military post wounded post addiction and Phase world I've I've lost a little bit of my ability to to to to Push out the input I don't want I have a hard I used to read a book a month at the at the minimum and I'm gonna talk in like a book You know that I showed you I had the 33 laws of war In my suitcase. I've been reading that for three months and I'm maybe half done I have a real hard time now Achieving that that zone of zero distraction and I'm trying to get it back because It's really I get a lot done. You know I have I have my my politics. I have the book. I do keynote speeches I have my kids I have all my hobbies, you know, I'm I'm trying to support veterans support charities that support veterans And I still get a lot done but I could get so much more done if I could turn off Some things in my mind sometimes and I don't know what what's happened or what if this is what an ad X-brain is like now or if it's just I'm always seeking something I get bored easily That's part of the EDD. I've always had that but when I found something and latched on to it I used to be like just I was 100% Focused until I became you know I got as much of that as I could and then I would move on to the next thing and Yeah, I got to be honest. I've Visualization though going back to the first question is one way that you can do it and I've started meditating to get my mind back Into that state. I used to do a lot of yoga and I used to do a lot of mindfulness Not training. I don't know what people could now it's called mindfulness training back then. I think it was just called Reflection or something. I call it G. J. too Yeah, well when I'm done the bodybuilding show and November I will start your jitz Oh, you might actually be starting jjitsu tomorrow My bro just don't hurt me Doesn't Everyone I know who starts jjitsu hurt something that's why I have holding off but and I would I will definitely come let you Ragged all me but my point is that I've lost it and I'm probably the last guy to give you advice right now on how to lock out the world because I Have to put on headphones and crank music to get through a workout Right now and and I know this I didn't know I'm detrimental in it and I and I'm aware of it and I'm trying to correct it and And it bugs the shit out of me. It really does it makes me feel like less of a person So let me tell you about a transition that I went through yes first of all before the war Then military sent me to college so I had to go to college and I as I said early or as I've said before I was super focused when I went to college I've been in the seal teams for 10 years I was a go-gator. I was a hard charger. I was like oh you want me to read this book boom I would sit down and just force myself to read it and then got back to the seal teams and And like like what I went to college. I literally read every single thing that I was assigned and Nobody does that in college. Nobody does that. I read every single page of every single thing I was assigned during college. That's ridiculous. It's almost a waste of time. It's almost embarrassed Echo definitely thinks it's a waste of time But but it was because I just could just Lock my brain down and get it done. Yeah, get back to the teams and in the teams Offs are in the teams you have a lot of administrative platforms to do evaluations and after actions reports and all these things And I would do the same thing. I was going to lock down mode and my brain on it and boom I'd go through it and just get it done. I would just be able to focus so they each thing laser focus So these are focused that report done God Me, give me a gun Report done okay, okay, so I Go to Iraq the first time no big deal. I go to Iraq the second time Did you know it's a much tougher deployment It's Guys are getting wounded guys my guys are getting killed And I come home and I get put into Run in the training and with running the training all of a sudden yeah, there's administrative requirements and there was administrative requirements overseas as well And you know what we did locked them down and got them done I get home and I remember the first time I get to do I think it's evaluations which in the military and the Navy anyways doing evaluations is a real pain It's a real big administrative administration of or a Value of all the troops. Yeah, so at this place I was at huge running training at a hundred guys and everyone of them is like a little mini Turn paper or something and it has to be perfect right? It's in the person's military Reckered forever. They're really stressful about it And I used to have no problem just hammering those things out So I get back from that deployment and and I'm sitting down and and You know, I start doing them like this this stupid This doesn't matter. I don't know why I'm doing this. All right. Well how do I have to do that kind of sort of do to say in the same things that I would always brag on people for saying like this is stupid Oh, now you're men or stupid you don't want to fill out the report and take care of your guys You don't want to go right into good. I like their career. Yeah, isn't worth your five-months You're fine. Okay, you know, so I But I heard myself saying this right and What what the constant Under tone of all this was that this stuff doesn't matter Combat was what mattered and when you get back from that situation where Man your buddies are get killed you're getting wounded your friends are getting wounded this piece of paper It doesn't matter and you say to yourself. I don't care about this And at some point And it didn't took me maybe two or three months. I did what I had to do to get by but as I sit there and I looked at myself And I said you know what Combat doesn't matter any more You're not in it You're not in it right now This is now what matters your your mind was still there my mind was still there thinking that that was all that matters and like I said on our last podcast Actually it's in the past and it doesn't matter anymore So you know what you have to do you have to be a man and you have to do your job now and this is what matters now And that to me you made a big transition for me and it you know I haven't even thought about this until until you were talking about it because I remember what it was like to to go from When I went to college and when I was before I deployed reminding now would just be so laser focused Beacuse build it just burn through things and then when I got back and it was not there and it was all because I thought All this stuff doesn't matter this doesn't matter it doesn't matter what matters you know There's guys getting killed overseas right now. That's what matters and I had to say you know what no that stuff doesn't matter right now And you know I also I was in charge of training and I said what matters is doing this getting guys trained to go overseas And I became obsessed with that and slightly psychotic about getting guys ready for combat I mean I was Preparing them for what they were preparing them to go into for what they were going into and you know You could I'm sure there were many Seals that went through the training that I was overall in charge of and wood a test of the fact that I was probably borderline Psychopathic at that point But I think that's what I want right in my training. Oh, if that's dude, but I want to psycho running my combat training Yeah, yep So I think what go ahead Okay, you're just gonna say you think I think that Telling yourself and recognizing to yourself why are you trying to do this thing? Because you're trying to do something because it does matter Right it has to matter in some way even if it's just But filling out the paperwork to get your license from the DMV. Yeah, yeah, oh that doesn't matter. Oh, actually know what it does matter You're gonna get arrested if you get pollinux like no, it does matter these little things these little Stupid meaningless tasks in life They actually do matter so you know what you do you line them up and you freaking crush him. That's what you do That's what you do you line up these stupid meaningless things and you crush them and you use them as an exercise in discipline They become an exercise in discipline. Oh, this thing doesn't matter guess what I'm going to crush it now Bring it to me where's my DMV form watch me fill this out That's what I'm gonna do so maybe I turn like some little meaningless things into a personal competition of discipline But how consistent are you making that happen though? This I mean So for for instance since we started the podcast I I have to read You know basically a book a week and then once I read it I've got to go back into it Yeah, you do like a book report and and go back through it and say and how is this gonna flow together? What part so I'm spending a lot of time on that right now and I've been able to do it Every time so far So I think my because I've lost my ability to be consistent And that's what that's what's really bumming me out Like when I when I your book isn't I mean it's thick, but I should have been able to read this in two or three solid days of reading yes I told you how successful I was yes, not very and that bugs this shit out of And it's a it's a it's a It's a fail it's a You know what though I think this is a failure in my part I think that this is the same thing It when you were talking about on the last podcast and I think echo said When you say oh you know what I'm not gonna finish this book right now. It's it I don't really want to it's sort of like when you say oh I'm not gonna quit it's not that I want to though that's what I'm saying you say But I don't want to do it right now. I can push it off a little bit you accept that You accept that answer You accept that answer the soldier Joe D right wouldn't accept that answer would not do you self talk? Not really Not really I'm not a guy that says you know I'm gonna do this or we're gonna do that. I just do it Right I just go and do whatever that thing is I think because you you Kind of have become that so it's more of like I mean put kind of crudely that's habitual for you to just do it You know remember how and it was I think it was kind of funny where I use this example Like how you said use it as an exercise of different discipline so I I said this example one time Where I was in line at the grocery store and I had 12 pack of beer do we have to relive this story right now and I'll stand in line There's maybe three four people in front of me so I'm like all right, it's gonna be a while for me to get up there This beer is getting into sighted you're gonna hold the beer. I remember this story. I remember this story. Yeah So exactly right, but it wasn't that okay and the reason I decide to hold the beer wasn't because that Benefit did me right then it it was an exercise in mental health. But here's the crate. Okay, we're getting we're way off The question but Physical task sure no problem yeah Because it's it's visceral. It's real. I don't feel it But to sit down and and and read the report on the sewer charges that are gonna be coming in on the tax report for the city next year What's on what's going on on Twitter? Yeah, it all like it's kind of the same thing though Really except but I'm wondering I'm wondering if my brain hasn't replaced the oxy cotton with social media Yeah, like I had to quit drinking because Okay, we now are way off the thing, but the the hardcover came out last September And the hardcover I'm just sorry if I'm flinching the making of a Canadian sniper by jodimitic Printed by Simon and Schuster and we want to avail on Amazon through joccostore dot com Click the link Tam is on But yeah, okay, yeah, I already said it I already said it so anyway The hardcover came out drinking I drank every day from the date came up that so we had 450 people at the event Kevin Newman my buddy who's who's a he's a well-known news anchor in Canada Doesn't interview with me on the stage and we got standing ovation We go oh we celebrate me the president of the company my editor Wait we have a good night the next day if I wasn't having one drink I was having 10 and that went from September to the new year And I was getting fat and I you know I was sleeping in because I'm hung over and I'm not going to the gym and and I went hang on What's going on because this is it because I have my job as politician I'm daddy you know I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm advocate and then you know the book is it's a job right? You know, I'm selling a book's a job full-time job I need nine days a week and 36 hours a day to do it And so I had to make that's one of the reasons why I decided to do the bodybuilding thing because I'm like what you can't drink And it'll be right till November because I need that so I'm trying to figure out if my brain is looking for a new habit Because I was diagnosed before as like anti-addictive if that's even a real thing But I had a doctor tell me what she's like you're pretty much an anti-addictive personality Like you won't get addicted to stuff and there I was addicted to doxy cotton Even though it's a physical thing more than a mental thing, but I still wouldn't trust me with a pill right now Yeah Anyway, I think that we got way off track, but I just again and I don't know what your therapist is just gonna tell you I'm gonna tell you what jacco would tell you though These little things are things that you I know You know how to do them you've done them your whole career in the military You were watching a crossroad and I know that might sound exciting to people that are out there that are thinking how crazy that must be No, there's times where Joe dude was walking watching a crossroad and there was nothing going on for four days Yeah, and he was watching that crossroad and And so you have that in you yeah, you just gotta tell yourself that you know what this stuff now This is what matters and how you gonna tell yourself that this is what matters It's because this is how it connects to the strategic picture You can't say that this matters because of what it is right in front of me just like when you're looking at the crossroads You're not thinking oh this crossroads is important because the crossroads is Important no the car the reason it's important is because you are supporting keeping guys alive Which is gonna help a mission out which is gonna help the the overall strategy win Commanders intent the commanders intent the whole mind on the commander now You want to man and also what's your long-term mission and that's what kind of you just set yourself like All I picked bodybuilding because I there you just gave yourself a mission Right, so what's your administrative mission? You know echoes made some big advances lately because he started freaking reading books Nice and he wasn't doing that before but he got the long-term mission of like you know what? I'm gonna learn as much as I possibly can so you got a long-term mission with your constituents right to be the best City councilman and Represent so when they ask you a question you're like boom that's kind of the course psychos tough that I would say is like if anybody ever asked me a question Like when I was gonna college if I asked me any question about it either reading I'm gonna know it That's just the bizarre What's that OCD thing to be like I'm gonna know everything so you have four kids you train every day You get up at four in the morning. I got to get up before I'm Sorry to riff on you guys on that man like I know you want to do the questions But when that guy when that like the the the first question was easy because I'm like all just talk about what I used to do And then that one was like well If I was to try and answer right now, I'd be lying. I'd be a liar. Yeah, and I can't I have my moment still Don't get me wrong. I'll have moments where I'm like this has to get done and I'll fire through a speech or I'll write a report or Whatever it is and then and then I lose it and it's like ah It's gone. It that's actually Reenforcing what I just said so when you have a near-term mission that you know what the outcome You know what the result is you know at the end state is you know what the commander's intent is like Hey, you got to speech in two days Okay, now it's in one day you can sit down and concentrate and get it done Which where you've missed the connection now is the connection between these Minion tasks that Don't mean anything and how can I put them to a long-term strategic goal and one of those long-term strategic goals You can put into place if nothing else is I'm gonna discipline my mind to do these Minion tasks like a soldier And that's pretty cool. Oh, yeah, it's a t-shirt Thank you, Jocco, but whoever asked I question Thank you for asking it although I went off and talked about me for the most speaking attention Echoes take a little further out. No, it's not a tangent. It's what you said how you said that's what a soldier does So that's like a little exercise and and I did this before I did this in a couple of times Okay, like one was how I quit drinking was I Figured out and you can do this with your diet as well. I figured out that basically through all the stuff that I read that You're wanting to eat junk food or drink or whatever is your brain tricking you because it's built to it's evolved for a certain environment That that environment doesn't work isn't around anymore. Yeah, yeah, so now we're an environment of abundance that has to do with all means anyway Can the conclusion that it's your brain falling for a trick your physiology of your brain falling for a trick makes you want this stuff How he says how Jocco says that's not what a soldier would do I had it in my mind I'm not gonna fall for that trick. I'm not a sucker. That's not you know doing this is what suckers do I'm not a sucker. This is just like self talking to yourself So I essentially shamed myself out of drinking. Yeah, just like he's doing the basically the inverse into focusing You know, I just remember like I've I'm the guy that we in co-sivo I quit smoking in a day Because I couldn't run up the hill next to our camp. I said well obviously these things aren't Good anymore and I literally just I just I even had a pack on my pocket for like a week. I just like Yeah, okay, throw those in I want that guy back and I'm in search I think it's been 10 years since I was wounded. I think I'm gonna find him again Probably on the stage for this bodybuilding thing or something, but yeah, I just I just couldn't answer that question without Talking about that because I don't I wouldn't have been truthful at this point in my life and that's what's cool It's maybe that question right there or something that is forcing you to face that I mean you might have had it the back of your mind, but now you're going you know what? I can't answer that I don't think is I'm not there right now I'm not but I'm gonna get back there real quick my moments So standby people standby soldiers coming back online reboot jodie three point out All right next question That this is all this read it how you prepared mentally what kind of discipline you had routines in and out of battle How I prepared mentally routine routine in and out of battle yep, what kind of discipline you had and routines in and out of battle? I'm gonna fall back on Mental routine I think is probably your your your biggest because the physical one is easy Okay, you come back so battle doesn't mean you know you're in gun fights all the time You know like like we say you first and instill were patrolling right you know, which is a static patrol So You know you gotta make sure your gear is good you gotta make you know Are your batteries changed right you got like there's all the ways the checklist check list check list check list as a leader It actually makes it easier I found because now I have a reason to check their stuff and Check that their routine so my routine stayed solid right because other I had other guys I had to worry about So rest is a big one I used to have to order my guys to go to ground because they were so because there's only three of us And I used to my berry especially I'd be like berry you need to be useful I need you to sleep so my routine was like make sure enough rest make sure because you know that The saying mission before man Sure except when the man is the mission so I need my man to be good Yeah, and I'm gonna say if you abuse your man too much you won't accomplish the mission. Yeah, like you know You know the sacrifice the body well, let's wait. Let's think about that Because the body is what needs to get this thing. There's only there's only three of us And our you know of your sniper your you might be alone you might be with the one or two other guys I can't afford to have a guy run head hit first through doorway to get through it because I need him to be useful after You know if you have a platoon sure you sacrifice Smith he runs through the door. Hey, okay. I got 29 more guys. I can go through the door So my routine was always like you know make sure everything's topped up Keep an eye out you know do the check do the mental checklist and then visualize visual like Out of battle. I would try to you know I'd be on my I remember I'd lay on my bunk And I'd have my and I'd always end up with my right foot crossed over my left foot and my and my my arms up here on my chest and I'd have my head back And I would be going okay, so Okay, we go down and you know and it if contact left and I would try to like you know Visualize these things, you know because as the team leader I had the radio and I was security because my boys when they're in position, you know my spotter is spotting my shooter is shooting so like they're 12 o'clock So I'm now everything everything the rest of the clock for them and for myself So I was constantly Rehersing mentally what would what could happen? I'm calling and I'm practicing a call for fire. I'm practicing and calling in an air strike and practicing a nine liner. I'm practicing Just a grit what do you guys do you guys use that turns the nine line for nine nine line is a casual to you back Call for fire nine line. Yeah, no, no, but grit and I group range indication Fire yep, yep, so my first even with all the visualization my first actual grit in a battle was It's supposed to be 63 300 by that tree You know all you know Far for effect or at your own time or something like the calm cool collected voice But you know the guy was like 40 meters away and I was like a digit in my sniper was actually looking over him Wave he's like I'm you know, I'm looking at that stuff and I was like fuck it. I just shot on myself, but But my point is that Even with all that practice and visualization and training, you know, that was my first attempt So I was always just trying to make sure that my routine off Off the battlefield was putting my mind back, but in a controlled setting You know and and and and then also like I said make sure okay. Yeah, how much sleep did you get? Okay? Good good good and that's the routine that you know You got to get the guys to relax especially like for me. I had to I just had to make sure because I only had me and two other guys I couldn't afford to lose one of them Whether it was to exhaustion or malnutrition or dehydration or spray n ankles or Whatever, you know, so I just I just did my best to keep keep that checklist going and and visual and I would encourage them to do the same I'd be like hey, what are you thinking about over there? Oh, you know, whatever, I'd be like hey, you want you to think about it You know remember when you made like for doing making that shot and you missed or whatever like trying visualized Trying to think about what you did you know there's a lot of steps that go into pulling the trigger, you know, and and and then you know Just think about that think about how it happened and and Encourage that you know, I'm I'm a big fan of Meditation and yoga and all that stuff like If any and like I think and our Side of the world we've lost a lot of that stuff and I know we try to get it back and got people that do it are Tree hugging you know, Spandex wearing weirdos or whatever, but yoga and Meditation and stuff like that's all warrior culture from the past You know like samurai meditate You know, eight warrior monks Fasted and prayed that's just meditation and they looked inside themselves a lot to try and you know Samurai's job was pretty tough call me pussy for meditated make sure I'm there so I could watch and and I and I firmly believe that that Type of stuff keeps you functional For when you hit the battlefield, you know that self you know as Grossman calls it the self for flexion Self inoculation as well So That was my routine it was just a constant Rotation of thoughts and then but the actions were always to prepare the you know the the situation for what was coming So make sense? Yeah, okay, yeah the one One thing that I that's actually a pro I like a really practical thing that I did That in that is I had This again, this is just like a real practical thing I had two cuts Right, it's up to the cot something one caught Something one caught the other caught was all my gear and it was just laid out gun body armor, you know everything was right there and when I When I got dressed to go out All that thing was empty and so Never forgot anything when I came back everything went right back on the cot Same spot everything squared away So those that to me was and I figured that out really quickly. Okay, just gonna I don't want everyone If we get anything here's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna put everything that I need right here So I had I didn't even think of it around my you know how I said I would sit there Right foot over the left All around me because we had a cot we had a cot we didn't couldn't afford to But around I had we all had two by fours around us because we're in like a A Fob we built ourselves and each nail had it so I had my my chest rig my rifle My ammo pouches and then you know like and then all around and But that was what I would when I would go through my stuff that's what I mean like I would hang it up open up the pouch Okay, everything's there close it next pouch make sure top up my mags all that stuff and I would make sure I'd make get the guys into the same thing I know when you're ready to go out on operation all your nails are empty that means you've got everything Yeah, but the biggest thing with root like people people call a routine and they think there's magic to it Right, there's not it's it's just making sure you do the same thing over and over and over again, you know as as Magical as Navy seals and snipers want to be like it's not really that It's not that mystical I guess It's so it's just a lot of repetition You know the routine is that you repeat the same actions because that what's meant that's what makes you good at Yeah, I was telling you when we were driving over here or some point how we used to try and do Everything yeah when you would fire up like you know we'd have together five or six home fees lined up for an Operation that I'll be lined up ready to go and then everyone would like get the word it'd be like Load them up and then you just see everyone would just get in the zone boom You see everyone get into vehicles and then we'd start the vehicles at the same time There's no reason to do that no, but there is I know there is dog type. There's no there's no Definable reason why you would do that but our deal was you know okay Starting up in three two one start up and then you hear all the vehicle start up once and it's just like all those little things Would though all those little disciplines would lend themselves to the team being more disciplined those Ignition switches might as well have been the switch and each guy's mind. Yep. Yeah as the as that vehicle is starting Everyone's brain is going to into combat mode and we're together at the same time Synchronized from the word go when that had I love it when you told me that that was I was like yeah That'd be the most badass thing to watch but you're Navy's can't imagine What's a Navy seals load up and they have vehicles all started the same time? I'd run. I'd be like I'm not fucking with these guys. I'm out here. It was an awesome sight of it when my guys when I was a task Get a commander you know I'd be sitting on base as guys were rolling out and I'd stand out there and salute him like just like old school rakes, but it is you know it was And they I bet and they loved you for it. I love those guys, but the Those guys in me every time you rolled out in the streets of Ramadi there was a decent chance You're getting blown up There was a dude gunfight was almost guaranteed to happen, but the guys getting blown IDs was a real issue for you guys Hey, oh and and I was thinking about this today The IDs there was we had statistically the most heavily ID road in all of Iraq was route Michigan going from one end to the one end of Ramadi to the other yeah and There was IDs all over the place. I mean it was ridiculous and We didn't hit Any IDs while we were there which I was thinking about that today because I was thinking about my EOD contingent Yeah, two of you guys and I never told them like hey we never had an ID Thank you never told them that so you credit them with that. I credit them with part of it Yeah, yeah part of the briefings that they gave part of the now there was some close calls Laced platoon and that matter fact it's in the book when they the EOD guys were Watching the front door that couldn't quite keep an eye on it, but they were they did a really good inspection of it when they came back out They like something looks different They went down there and there's 120 millimeter mortar ID that would have taken out out of four or five guys There was a time where we went over we went over an ID will The point man navigator in the vehicles was like hey, I think there's something specific suspicious Actually got out of the vehicle to look at it. We're like, you know looking back What do you think about that decision making process? You know, maybe that wasn't a good one Anyways, we decided oh, I don't think it is we drove over it in about half an hour later the ID Clarence team found a triple stack 120 so that's everybody in the vehicle dead Um If if you hit it So yeah, IEDs were massive threat the number of guys that were killed and wounded by IEDs and Ramadi was your take as it was a whole there was a vehicle graveyard You know vehicles that had been blown up and then dragged back in with I mean it was it was massive. I mean I want to say 50 to 100 vehicles are these piled up and including M-Raps Which are the mind resistant vehicles those things are in their broken and half What kind of bomb do you got to put together to do that? We Rouge we got real lucky and I know this sounds weird my rotation they had conventional mines So any purse and any tank and There was the occasional IED but it was usually SV And and in the city SV means suicide vehicle so our our regimental sergeant major in his driver were killed by a suicide vehicle born IED And I stepped on a landmine if I'd stepped on an IED I would have been vaporized But the rotation that that replaced us there's sister battalion That's when we the the intelligence says guys from Iraq started showing up and And we went from losing a tire maybe having one guy get killed through a penetration in the Hull or whatever to we had a whole lab go up and seven out of the ten guys in it were killed And it was like like that's how quickly it escalated yeah and Suddenly it was an issue for our guys as well Almost every vehicle we had hit a landmine on my tour and that was the only time I was ever really scared over there When I was walking or an helicopter or even out on a four wheeler No problem when I had to drive on the roads in a vehicle That's when I was like my that pucker factor was the highest for me ever IED man like the guys I would go out every day and deal with that shit like IED clearance guys fox man like My hat always came off to those guys. Oh, yeah, like talk about a nerve-racking job Yeah, right yeah, what's that movie with uh With the EOD guy I don't know hurt locker hurt locker I'm like everybody who does that jobs is it's a total bullshit movie But yeah, like could you imagine though that's your gig well like we had an embedded EOD guys with us and See what usually have EOD Navy EOD guys right basically like two guys our guys were like they go through our training with us They don't go through the basic training the basic seal training But they go through everything else and our guys are like supporters No, well once our guys our guys were like other seals, you know, right they were that good yeah, and But yeah It's not it's amazing But and the guys that are with us that with us and so they're not quite it's their primary job for us, but it's not their primary job Right right whereas the guys that you're talking about the guys that did route clearance If anybody's listening to this podcast right now, if you did route clearance And I rack your FGN to thank you jockel and jodie say thank you because you saved us so many times Because we drove down those roads all time my guys drove down those roads all the time and you found all those bombs that saved Saved our lives and so many lives kept the supplies rolling have even kept the local populist safe And you know how much credit glory those guys get none not a lot none and It was in in Ramadi there'd be the the big vehicle like a buffalo You know a buffalo it's like a giant em wrap you have to climb a ladder to get into it So there'd be guys in there that would disable the bombs from inside They'd a big robotic arm and they would do that but behind them Would be a contingent of Marines in home v's and I'd say well, yeah, we're just support Get some devil dogs Marine Corps doesn't play around. They're like, oh, you need you need support cool to get home v's a roll behind it But there's gonna be big bombs growing up. Yeah, we're in the Marine Corps. Yeah, we know factor We'll be loving I love Marine Marine Corps is awesome Anyway questions from the interwebs questions from the interwebs Can you tell us about? Jody can you tell us about your wife the medic that helped save you? Now you kind of talked about this a little bit on the first podcast we did together So you know what I'll tell you about her so Alana is um, so I say her dad was in the army and he he's from Ireland. He immigrated to Canada Join the military and he was an airborne commando and and Canada back in the day like that was Pretty much you know that was our one of our most fierce units and he commanded the jump school Which is like whoa, wow that's that's pretty badass. He did the American Ranger course in 68 Bane yeah, it's the old Vietnam Rangers were running up right in the show not old There are young guys. I should have said that that these fresh combat experience Rangers were running the show You know they weren't playing around yeah, he got kicked in the spine with a steel toe boot Yeah, and uh finished with a broken vertebra and but you know so I always say she was drafted Into the military at birth and because she grew up on bases all over the world Germany I think South America and stuff her dad ended up being in like embassy security and stuff She became a medic at a high school I think she joined it 17 as well. She's a little bit older than me and then She has more citations for saving civilians than she does for saving soldiers She happens upon she's like one of those Angels I guess that just One woman so here's one a woman had a heart attack behind the wheel drove into a ditch a land. I was right behind her drove Stopter card jumped in the car pulled her out dead a land of broader back to life Right there inside of the road no equipment and thing like that just skill skill and determination And kept her alive until the paramedics showed up and took over She's got a decoration for that um You know she helped save my life And a lot of my friends and One time we were driving and we came upon a scene And we were in my truck and Alo is still a baby Still in our baby seat and so I look up and I and I see it. I think she she might have been on a phone I don't know what she was doing and I see Scatter cars car parts everywhere and one lone cop Standing in the middle of it like a squirrel And not because he's scared or anything. He's just he's the only guy He's the first on the scene and I look and I'm like okay something bad happened here and I and I see one vehicle in the middle of it all And I went a lana they need you And she went huh I see see that van they need you She jumped out jumped head first through the this van was crushed and she went in there and there were the four-year-old little three-year-old little girl That had been hit with the car was tea-boned she stabilized the little girl spine Kept her alive until the fireman showed up They extracted she she wasn't command of the scene They they were like they they I guess I was doing my best to help the cop a traffic and and stuff like this and And deal with some of the other like minor injuries and The fireman like the first guy to put his head in he's like I kind of heard like well, who is this and then Alo here is Lanna like I need this and I need like she's barking out all these orders and like Which yeah, okay hang on so they run and they're getting all this stuff and they get the board and they put the little the girl it the the girl ended up passing away unfortunately, but Zero hesitation That's that's my wife Fucking hero and You know she retired from the military last year and is going through She's probably gonna get mad at me for saying this but she's going through it a lot of soldiers go through the Transition. Oh, you mean the thing we've been talking about for all night and all last podcast She just she's just having a tough time freering out who who's a Lanna Gilmore if she's not a soldier and she's a amazing mom She's an amazing wife and She's an amazing person. It's just in her mind. She needs to find The new her and You know and I'm trying to help her the best I can but you know I can only do so much and at some point she'll figure it out. She's she's coming around pretty good right now I think she's she's starting to like volunteer a little bit here and like get out and do some stuff and You know, I'm pretty you know, I'm just proud of her you know for the most part. Yeah, you know That's one of the things that makes that transition so hard Is that you know before I was talking about like combat matters and Then beyond that you're doing this thing You know for your wife like she's in charge of saving people's lives Saving soldiers lives and that's gonna help the strategic mission. I mean what what what what is gonna replace that for her And the answer Alana is nothing nothing's gonna replace that yeah, but you know what you don't need to replace it You don't need to replace it Uh whole stock replace that thing that's a beautiful beautiful experience to have had in your life But don't let it turn into a Black hole right like like the black hole the massive a black hole is some Insane number just like the mass and the and the power of this combat experience is the same thing It's this super powerful experience, but don't let it suck all the other experiences away Don't let it do that Don't let it do that so what's that what's what else? What matters now we know what mattered in the past right, but what matters now? That's the question and there's so many things. I mean you got two daughters You got your dumb ass to take care of and I am dumb You tell you So what is it one of those things that matters and what's the next mission? She's gonna find maybe she's gonna end up being a paramedic maybe she's good, you know who knows Maybe she'll end up being an artist maybe she'll end up having her own podcast maybe she'll end up being a painter I don't know but what mattered in the past is awesome But let's find out what matters now. Yeah, and grab hold of that baby listen listen to jacco now Hold on to that thing and let that thing grow yeah let that thing grow let that thing Feed off of the past and bring something new something bigger something that happening something that's happening now But that's my wife. Yeah, that's awesome You should use a damn proud of where I can see you know in your face like I don't have any decorations for saving people You know you do I You know and you know and I think about What I saw I saw a lot of destruction but honestly it was mostly the enemy You know that I caused and I'm like it's easy to step over him like he doesn't look like me. He doesn't talk like me. He doesn't dress like me I don't even know that you know I didn't know nothing about that guy step over him carry on she rolls up Let's just take my case she knows me. I'm joddy. I'm her buddy. We watched a family guy together I used to you know her her ex-husband and I used to we're buddies you know like you know all these things and And she would whenever she would roll up to a scene it was the cleanup the mess the enemy made of us And she knew most were tiny army yeah and our or we're brigade for us is like 3200 guys maybe maybe Maybe 2500 and 2006 so she knew most of the guys that she put in the body bags And or like in my case she says After they loaded me on the helicopter and it flew away she was just sad because she knew that what I was going home to Because of my injuries right she was like she knew more about your future than you did exactly She knew what a nightmare you were about to go through she knew what I was and who I was and what I was now Going to be like have to become and accept and she says that she said that and she had never said that to me And I read it in interview she gave once and she said yeah, I just I was just devastated for him because of What he was going to go home to this big tough strong proud guy had to go home without feet. She's just like oh And I guess she said something like you know if nobody else looks after him I guess I got a God damn it she did Ha ha next question props to a lot of yeah, you love you baby awesome Kind of a Next question which I paired these two together because this one relates here to how do you deal with being away from family loved ones I'm I'm odd I'll always have been I think this might be where I might be a little bit like you Do you ever like I just I Don't really miss people Yes, does that make sense? Yes, you know what I'm saying right I know I can see it okay you know I don't Miss people because I know I'm gonna see them even my daughter. I love my daughters Love my daughters and I'll walk in the house and they're better than puppies right they jump on me and I get daddy daddy It's my the seven-year-old still doesn't I get kisses I get hugs I get where were you you were gone so long But like today I haven't spoken to them And I don't miss them I know that they're out there Like but on a certain level when I do get home I'm real happy to be home. Yeah, like you were saying to me on the phone like you just want to get home But when I'm away from home You're in the game Yes, especially for this I guess because I'm here to promote the book and I'm here to hang out with you guys so I'm like I'm looking forward and it's like when my dad was crying in the parking lot before I went on my first mission ever to me it was like What the big deal dude? I'll be back in six months and And you know my best my best buddies You know the the guys that I was happy didn't die in combat I've talked to them every three to six months You know I just talked to the leader of that green bra team that I work so much with just the other day after two years of not actually speaking you know a couple messages on Facebook and this It's weird for me Yeah, I'm very similar I don't Don't feel the need to continually update people or talk to people and my best example is a guy went through Seal training with did three people to do them that sealed team one wasn't training so I wasn't sealed team one and he was my roommate that entire time so eight years or so we were and we we did everything together Drank together hung out together everything we did and I got and then I got moved to Virginia Beach for two years Didn't talk to them not one single time not a letter not a phone call nothing came back so I was like hey, what's up man? Oh, yeah, hey What you want to burger with us you know what I mean? It was just like nothing to write up picked it right up and that's how I always feel so And I kind of do that with my family at least and you know I'm assuming that this person is a guy that's Thinking about being on deployment without his family And so yeah, and again when I talked about our leaders, I'm gonna compartmentalize and Say and I'll tell you this is I Didn't want to talk to my wife and kids every day at all when I was on deployment I didn't know what you could do it. I mean if you were if you were on base you could do it I mean for those of you that don't know overseas most places overseas right now You got internet you got satellite phone you can call home you can I did not want to do that With my wife and with my family when was your first deployment? Uh, 2003 2004 that was your first one ever oh no no no I my first appointment was in Yeah, mine was a co-savo 99 You called home on a you had a one phone It was seven second delay and you got 15 minutes a week Maybe it was four second delay. I just know what it like it sucked There was no such thing as email email and 99 First of all, I didn't have an email and so there's one guy on base who is the geek And he would go back to the main camp where they had the intern intern interweb And you had to give them your email and the password and he would download your messages on to a CD ROM Come back with it and print it off on the clerks computer for you I wonder if our type of thinking about it is a is a response from the fact that we just didn't have it Yeah, the first time and then by between 99 and 2006 and 2006 I had a sat phone in my pocket for every everywhere I went I could have called home all day every day But I didn't yeah because I was like well first of all it's a treat and Second of all I got a lot of work to do and I can't be worrying about I went time I was on the phone and a shot went over my head. Hey dad. I got to go Hey, you know and he's and then I think you're your guy Chris Kyle in his book He talks about being on the phone and then a gunfight starts yeah and his wife listens to the gunfight Because he forgot to hang up the phone are you kidding me Putting your family through that But I think maybe our our situation is that we came from the generation where that just wasn't an option anyway So I would love to talk to some of the newer guys. Yeah about this about this subject I did two I did three ship board deployments as a seal so we used to deploy on ships and the first one I went on the reading you have internet so it was old school you'd get mail Written mail but that was the norm once every 30 days or 35 days it'd be like mail call if we're gonna be all excited But yeah, I think that that definitely conditions you to Not be addicted to having that and I don't think you're helping the home front either to call every day and say I miss you so much I can't wait to I don't know if it helps the home front either. I think it actually is a little bit painful for the home front I was talking to one of the wives the other day. I have some of our guys that are deployed Don't get mad at me ladies But I'm just a lot of ladies that are deployed to each other. No days sure But I was talking to a wife of a guy. I know and she says they haven't heard from someone so for For like four days I'm like huh I'm like he's probably on top like You know what he does for a living you know exactly what he does for a living Ops can take a while he's like yeah, but Usually he gets back to me and I'm like Obviously he's on a long-up But they're conditioned now to always hear back from you You know what you you talked about this in your book which is life's gonna go on yeah, and I think that that's something to that will help You know if you're like for this guy That's gonna be gone for a long time and how's he gonna deal with it? Except the fact that life's gonna go on and just be cool with that Things are gonna change the things we get remodeled. This is gonna be some new rugs in the house. Yeah, it's gonna be a new piece of furniture The fridge might break and she'll go get a new one exactly and there's nothing you can do about it You can just be cool with it. Yeah, if you don't like the color she picks say thanks for getting the new fridge Thanks for taking care of that because I was busy doing protecting freedoms and democracy in the world All right Next one What are your workout slash training methods? Usually make it up as I'm walking into the knolk Right now because I am body building and I'm going like I'm doing Might be here in from echo here in a second. He's the big-time body builder You bodybuild no no, okay, so I've worked out since you know I was 16 with weights, right? But I always so my first mission in Afghanistan Because I was a driver slash bodyguard and remember animal stack Yes, that supplement which was basically steroids. Yes, so we would order we ordered a shit ton of animal stack and Because we had a lot of downtime we watched You know like 24 the series on DVD and we worked out I came home like bench benching like whatever four plates aside is dead lifting like I was like huge we looked awesome. What did you weigh? 240 or something crazy like that and and then I tried to get behind my sniper rifle Because I was not operating as a sniper, right? I was like, oh god, okay Couldn't too big tried tried rocking through my rucksack on and tried to go up a hill. Oh my god Oh, I got so I just slim back down. I've realized I'm like, oh being a meathead is not conducive to being a sniper So I always tried to tailor my body around being a sniper Especially after that and But now I like I said I'm gonna be 40 in January. It's gonna be 10 year anniversary getting blown up in January And I wanted to quit drinking and I needed a new goal to move towards so I said I'm gonna get into body building And if you know anything about body building, I don't want to look like fill Heath I want to look like Arnold when he was in the 70s 63 when they still look human so you picked a realistic goal Yeah, something something where I might not need supplementation from another country And not that there's anything wrong with it whatever man of to me My my view on that stuff is if it gets you to where you want to be and you're not hurt in anybody who cares Right your body do whatever you want with it So but but For body building you look good so I'm doing the physique class which means you wear board shorts And you don't necessarily have a routine but they tell you how to pose like they like I we want to see your abs You want to see your glue, whatever whatever so you kind of just stand a certain way and and I take direction well Right, I'll be on the parade square basically so you look good But you're not really good for much When you're in that condition so I want the picture of me with a six pack I'll be 40 I'll have a glass of water it'll all go away And then I'll celebrate the 10 year anniversary of getting blown up and I'll least I'll know that I've got like Somewhat of the type of body I used to have back Okay, all that being said my training now is being directed by my buddy Nick and I do whatever he tells me and right now it's Chests and arms one day back and shoulders another day and legs another day. Can you squat? No How do you what sucks because that was my favorite exercise of course of course But there's got to be some like modified I do a hacksquat. Okay, there you go. You know the machine yeah, so I recently discovered it Like in the last six weeks I just covered this machine hacksquat But before I was doing leg press and Curls I can't really do extensions because the because the stumps are different length And where the pad rests across my shins it puts too much torque on my stumps Right So but then I found this hacksquat thing and it's It's made all the difference so I you know slap as much weight on it as I can stand and and I just squat Because it's almost like a squat yeah, it's pretty close, but I'm supported So my wife's a land is noticed at firmer ass There you go, I think like that, you know and so anyway my my routine is just that and you know the food is I'm a big baby when it comes to food I've never eaten my vegetables and I don't care what Nick says or what my mommy used to say I'm not gonna eat them that's what my food eats You know I'm a meat potatoes guy pretty much and that's about it. I'm the worst Eater of food like fear factor Joe Rogan's old show I would be the worst contestant. I would be such a lute. Well, I might be able to pull it off because I've eaten some pretty gross things because I had to right but Um like I just don't like a lot of foods. I'm the same yeah, and I don't care what anyone tells oh Come on you just gotta try it. I'm not I'm not trying it. Yeah, I just smelled it. I you want to throw up I just looked at it. It's something I don't want my mouth how about that? Okay How about you just get me the steak with ironies spices or sauces on it like I asked for and the plain potato I want next to it and I'll throw some butter and some pepper on that bad boy That sounds like a good one. That's like that's what food tastes like and that's what I love You know, a lot of makes fun of me because my favorite ice cream vanilla. I'm like my life is exciting enough I don't need no Strawberry sprinkle bubble gum ice cream spring my vanilla It'd be a brownie on the side. Yeah, I don't know. I I do go with the Mid-Chocolate chip milkshake, but oh, maybe really yeah Chock it's what about what what so you just literally see your like steak and potatoes Do you are when you go to this body building yeah, you're gonna have to drop a bunch of fat Yeah, so I'm dropping the fat What do you got you got that by diet? That's diet. So what are you gonna do when it what do you know what next Gonna put you on for a program for that we start that next week? You think he's gonna go like no carbs all fat He's he's a proponent of the old school body building where you never want to be in katoces really But he's a body builder I want to get him to read look at the physique stuff yeah because you know if you read Arnold's new Update modern book on body building or encyclopedia of body building which he rewrote in the 90s They still went by the whole fuel the muscle with the carb thing right, but they look amazing So they might have been on to something because you gotta think about they were on the juice Well Arnold's most those guys. It's a seat in the 70s. They weren't no juicux We you're completely wrong those guys were absolutely juicing a hundred percent in the 70s It's a 70s absolutely and it wasn't a not like today Not like today, but Arnold was absolutely 100 percent on steroids as were all those guys back in the day and they weren't illegal yet But they also put in the book he says he didn't really they didn't really know what they were like their effect They knew they helped. Oh, but they didn't have it down to a sign You know what their effect was? 27 in charms or whatever. Yeah, they didn't have it to a science, but they were taken they were absolutely a hundred percent on the sauce And it wasn't illegal at the time. No, they yeah, that's right. Yeah, so that might be Where that idea comes from of hey they weren't on anything they were absolutely and on on So yeah, so Nick we we yoked Nick yeah, they did it look pretty pretty pretty You you said that earlier. They like oh, you know, it would be natural like sports and they grew in the 70s But they still looked human is my point. They looked more human than they do now Like did you have you watched generation iron? Yeah, I mean what is now or just mutants? Yeah, and that's great. Good for them amazing, but I I can't I need to lose weight to be on prosthetics like I can't be putting on that Yeah, yeah, so next thing is Catosis is bad because you risk losing muscle mass and that's kind of counter to the whole bodybuilding thing So the transitional period you do risk that if you're not in ketosis So there's the trend and it varies from person or person so some people they go through they switch over ketosis right away Yeah, and you know The risk you know, they don't they don't lose up, but some guys it takes weeks and yeah, you Yeah, yeah, like I I'm not that big yet at all, but I mean we're still we got to November and As long as it's you know, it's probably be a protein heavy With the normal carbs rice and potato sweet potatoes stuff like that like a little bit of olive oil and Coat oil and stuff you just go lots of fat Pretty good amount of protein yeah no carbohydrates Yeah, yeah, no sorry, but this is my thing this is after the bodybuilding. Yes, that's how I eat anyway Okay, I do love me some pasta though and a lananai will crush a pizza like work for yeah That's our thing Friday night We get a pizza we rent a movie on iTunes You know gotta get the occasional pizza. It's understood. Yeah, it's a taste good. Yeah But occasional Yeah, but my my general rule for myself is that it's it's it's usually a high protein like low carb diet And if and I like to eat like if I'm not eating I like to be taking like a shake or something like every three or four hours I just try to intermittent fasting. Yes. Yeah, I'm not that it's okay. I don't mind it I like it as far as convenience goes I'm not eating today. Yeah, I'm gonna work more. Yeah, and I know I did I did a 48 hour fast a little while ago just out of randomness Like one day I worked all day or traveled or something I didn't eat in the next morning. I worked out right away and then I had a phone call and then I did something and I was like Dang it's been 24 hours I'm just gonna throw 48 on this thing. So I went 48. It was no fact so it's a use of zero intake I have zero in take water just water. Drink water and you know what? I did squats road jiu-jitsu both days. It was no factor Yeah, I did I did a 48 hour but I had coffee Did you feel alright? It's fine. I felt fine. I like I had a little bit of tightness for a bit But they whatever like in the stomach. Yeah, I'll tell you once you read the forgotten high lander Or any of these books wrong talk about these people that are just going months without food Or to get the people up in North Korea eating Uh, what is it? Root and salt water soup That's your meal. God. Oh, we do we found some weeds out there. Do you ever have the dichotomy in your mind of If I was a caveman, I'd be fine But then you realize it's 2016 and why are you depriving yourself of something or why aren't you taking full advantage of the Technology available to you whether it's protein shakes or or supplements like on it Like you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, I agree with you on those points But a lot of people think that the benefits of 2016 are A Twinkie Oh, yeah, no, I was back up a table chips or whatever and that's I was picking my kids up from school yesterday And I was sitting in the office waiting for them to come down And then there is the C. Young fella sitting over there by the next the principal's office eating his lunch I assume because he can't be trusted around other kids in lunch or so I don't know what what the deal is And he pulled a Twinkie out of his lunch. I almost fell over Who gives their kid a Twinkie at lunch? Yeah, and it's fun That's supposed to be Christmas. Yeah, but when we maybe when we when I was a kid I don't know about you when I was a kid. Oh, you're thirsty. Here's a coke. Oh, you're still thirsty. Here's another Oh, you're hungry potato chips like my mom would read the ingredients on stuff and be like oh, there's way too much sugar in this shit Oh my god, Coco puffs for my birthday my parents. Oh, I was I was like Krispies and corn flakes Arrest the time. Yeah, thank you mom. Yeah, I was lucky charms I mean we just ate and it wasn't like my parents said oh, this might be bad That was just what yeah, but bought yeah when I was a kid. No, my mom was on top of that stuff and I have that too Like this sugar and like a loaf of bread now Yeah, I give my daughters a two slice Sandwich that's like 12 grams of sugar if they eat the whole thing. I'm like why is there sugar in the bread and and Like I'll be I'm not I'm like an 80 20 guy whatever that you know the 80% like 80% of time I pretty good 20% of the time. I'm getting after some crap, right? I'm a lot like that And most of the time it's because the other day I was I was doing something was that it filmed I was traveling and it wasn't the pretzel wrapped hot dogs that we are all so fond of it was but I was legit hungry And I knew I I was getting back early enough in San Diego that I was gonna be able to get a workout in the train So I had you know had like a milkshake end of double meat Same with some guy where some random boys in the airport oh the airport yeah, oh yeah dog yeah Milk airport milkshakes milkshakes are tasty milkshakes are tasty So do you make do you make that kind of stuff at home though to try and trick yourself Makes what kind of stuff at home so to trick myself into thinking I'm having a treat right I got I got my blend tech I'll put coconut milk in Sugar free because you got to actually search for that one You can't just oh Anyway, so put my coconut milk in I throw in a couple scoops of protein I throw in a couple scoops of Organic sugar free peanut butter would you got a search out again? Did you know they take the peanut oil out of peanut butter now? Why did they do that? They sell it off and then they put the vegetable oil in Oh So now you got to search out real peanut butter. Thanks. Thanks world anyway So I put in a couple scoops of real peanut butter that I get at the bulk burn and And I cup a scoop of glutamin, but When I and then I ice it right and then I spin it up and it's kind of like a shake I like a milkshake send the recipe if it tastes good and I'll put a shot of espresso in often and it just makes me feel like I'm having a treat And so I'm like oh that's my sugar to Satisfied for the morning. I think I've said this before my my treat is my treat that I give to myself is Dark chocolate and by dark. I mean 85% It's it's almost bitter yeah, and I dip it directly into coconut oil the on it coconut oil I dip it right in there and scoop that in and that is money Yes, it's so good. I try it's so good and the other thing about if you eat if you and I we like broke out some Hershey's bars here Milk chocolate you take one bite you want another bite immediately. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you want another bite immediately Don't but you do and you do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you take you take a couple squares of 85% chocolate and it's like it Satisfies it and it doesn't make you go. Oh, that was good and it and it takes the it gives you the satisfaction It takes long that's my that's my special dark chocolate. I find as well Don't find that it stays in your mouth long. Yeah, it's just a little bit better get the dark chocolate Coconut oil makes a little bit of just How about not heard this on your podcast, but I don't know if I'm so on it coconut oil by the way That I love on it been using on it before was called on it, but why they're coconut oil That's the one he does. Yeah, it's the virgin coconut oil. Yeah, it's really high quality Coconut oil which is what I do and actually it's good to in supporting on it. I actually do support this podcast Yeah, so whoever asked about nutrition it's Oh, you know what I will that was me that asked about nutrition wasn't that the question was about working out We kind of delved into oh new tradition. Okay, well, jocco The other thing my gut Scott destroyed by the antibiotics in my recovery and it took me Figuring it out on my own like why was I constantly having like diarrhea? Why was I constantly not like just an upset stomach and then I started reading okay? What causes it? Do I have IBS? blah blah blah Oh, no, I was on six months worth of of antibiotics killed everything in your good And then I'm I've had staff infections like I went out of year one year where I had like four staff infections in my stumps in a row And it just like just hand you know just hammers because I was getting sick and and like so I'm like what's wrong? And then I really oh okay, so now every morning I like I keep a bottle of kombucha in the fridge every morning. I just shake it up take a swig I have a probiotic pill that I take with that swig and that's made a huge difference and and I'm always seeking out different ways to keep the the gut flora Happy you know, so the like apple cider vinegar Apple cider vinegar and kombucha and the probiotics those three additions. I've made a huge difference In my in my system like my immune system alone and then I like I just started jack and massive amounts of vitamin D E and see into my body and then I've kept a real close eye on like so as a kid Like you know when we were eating lunch, I didn't want onions or mushrooms Because as a kid I didn't like them and I found out later as an adult while I'm actually slightly allergic to them So whatever your body tells you pay real close attention You know because nothing will screw with your gains or your work at routine more than feeling like shit Right and and so if you eat something and you feel like shit after you know pay attention to that Because that can take a lot of energy away from your workout and just from your date You know like you go roll into work with a headache because you ate something that you're actually allergic to like that can really mess with your mood So I pay super that's so one of the reasons why I'm such a basic eater is because I've learned that that's how I feel best And I function best when I have minimum sub like minimum like additions to like You know when you go to the get breakfast right nothing better than bacon and eggs in the morning Until they bring your home fries and they're covered with paprika Montreal spice shit all over them and and I'm like why would you do that to my potatoes? Potatoes are delicious with a little bit of bread butter and and salt All of they come like that Could I have some without it? Oh yeah, okay, you know what keep it potatoes Because I've learned that if I have that go in my system I'll spend a good half hour on the can and that's time. I don't can afford So if anyone is like you know when you're a big part of your routine is is the fact that you have to have the energy and like Just not feel like shit when you when you go into the gym. Yeah, so that's why by the way just so everybody knows the probiotics and there's there's bacteria in your stomach that's supposed to be there. That's good for you Yeah, and that's what Jody's talking about That's why he drinks kombucha and has the probiotic pill because it keeps those things alive and what he's referring to earlier in that The when you take antibiotics. Yeah, it actually kills all that bacteria and then that makes your stomach not be all the time That's why they came out with the The yogurt a few years ago The good whatever it was called Yeah, and I don't know there is that yogurt and they started selling it because it over a planish year You're good flora. Yeah, whatever whatever Yeah All right If you're more it go. We've got one more question Do you ever have doubts If so how do you handle them Yeah, I talked about the doubt I had Answering that second question um If you don't have any doubt I'm gonna be real suspect of you as a person So do we all have doubts hey hey folks sorry to break it to Jocco occasionally has doubts he'll never admit it right but Douts are part of being human and if you're not doubting yourself you're not challenging yourself either I believe this is just what I think so I try to approach my doubts head on unflinching You know did I have doubt this third time I got sent into battle school? Yeah big time but Put on the best uniform put on you know getting the best shape Polish your boots the highest standard be prepared to get shit on and and and bulldog your way through And smile while you're eating that shit sandwich you know like the doubt is You ever heard that like you ever talked to someone and they talk about what they want they really want to be doing Okay, so I have a I have a buddy of mine. He's a cop, but he really wants to sell t-shirts And he's like yeah, I know I'm just waiting I'm what there's you know there's a time there's a time he even made a t-shirt for me and he's probably gonna listen to this and he knows who he is And bro, I told you this at the time he said oh, yeah, let's say in a contract for 12 months and this I'm like you know why don't Six months tops and you know if that and he's like why what's the matter? I'm like why just I just don't think you're gonna This is it this is where you're are He's like why and I'm like Because you're not putting the f like you're cop. You're not a t-shirt seller And he's he you see he's doubting himself to take that leap, you know Did I have a doubt when I put my name in for the election? Hell yeah, I did I've never been a politician I was a gunfighter. I was a sniper But the I deal with doubt by dealing with the situation Does that make sense? Yeah, because I want to know that I can A get through this through it and if I fail I fail. It's Hey man, I fail all the time. I failed Reading your book, you know, I failed making to the airport and time yesterday, but And I have doubt all the time, but I also have enough confidence in myself that I'm willing to try almost anything And I don't know if that's really the the question that was asked But the answer is the same because Fear is the thing that holds you back from almost anything in your life Was I nervous when I put my hand up to volunteer to go on sniper course? Hell yeah, I was but where did I want to be? I want to be on sniper course It was I nervous the first time I was in charge of a sniper team going into combat Uh-huh, but guess what there is nowhere else I want to be doubt is your doubt is your mind to telling you You know, to think about the things you need to think about anyway Right like the doubt is there for a reason it's the self preservation mechanism And you need to use that doubt to put the thoughts in your mind to visualize the successful outcome Like we talked about earlier visualization You know, I I picture failure all the time and then I picture how will I deal with it? You know, doubt doubt to me is just a question to ponder and then move on You know, so that's that's how I do it I'm gonna say for me I Agreed the doubt is really how I know That I'm pushing myself into a zone that I'm not used to but the enemy I respect my doubts I'm not afraid of them, but I respect them. I'm gonna watch them I'm gonna listen to them I'm gonna understand my doubts But I'm not gonna be afraid of them and I'm gonna destroy them I It jails when he talks like that I think that's About all we've got for tonight Echo Charles how can everybody just step on up and support this podcast she bore hi Okay, well, there's a few ways as we're talking about earlier if you want to Do some Amazon shopping click for a book called unflinching sure unflinching and what what we do and this is no exception is All the books that we talk about we list them on jocobotcast.com We have it listed what kind of what they're about and what episode they're from and stuff like that There's a link on there you click on it boom you can buy some right there Paper back right there paper back and also one of the coolest pictures ever taken at me Yeah, I know I was checking out your picture here and you have that little fun meter patch you had that thing paked Those you don't know that weren't the military that was one of the guys where different random patches And some of them are you know proud historical patches of their unit and some of them and if you get this If you order the hardcover looks like that you can't see it but on the soft cover You can see jodys got that little and everybody in the military knows what this is a little fun meter patch and the fun meter is paked Yeah, meaning oh, I'm having all kinds of fun here. It's a good time. That's awesome. There they are Paper back hardcover. I like hardcover me. That's what I do Good, but yeah, do that little list out when obviously I can get through Amazon and then if you guys like the shirts discipline equals freedom and the one with tacos head on it She went to Get one of those if you want to support and then of course do your shopping at on it in the event of you wanting supplements that actually work Because you got to watch out for supplements Bodybuilding and stuff a lot of supplements not regulated they can put anything they want in them Insolent you so get on it supplements my opinion jokk on it calm slash jokko Jokko get your percent off get your shum tech I think shooting depending on what you're doing if you're doing high intensity sustained exercise shum tech I'll for brain if you want to think better and Creole oil if you want your joints to hold up with a passage of time Do they still have the shum tech immune? Yes, they do I love that one I find that one good for when you travel you were in the on it even before Yeah, I forget what it was called but Audrey because he was on Rogan and right like years ago before they started on it and he had these two supplements Because it are very used to like to party Take out from that statement whatever you want, but that's what he how he would put it and he had a supplement called roll roll on I believe and it was meant to like roll on to the next day And you take it when you're hung over and I started I ordered it and Because when I was very sluggish and all that from the stuff from my addiction and just you know the whole it means like I was looking for anything So anyway, that's why I started using it. Yeah, they have one it's called new mood. It's for like oh I love new mood. You know love it. Yeah. Yeah, man. They have something a lot of good stuff for all kinds of stuff Yeah, man, so get on that Jokko but or Jokko or on it dot com slash jokko 10% off boom And if you want to hit up if you want to keep hearing anything from from Jodi you can get him on Twitter Facebook Instagram snapchat. He's all up in the game Jodi Middick Middick MIT I see and The Jodi Middick podcast will start being posted on iTunes if not today then very short. That's right and today being what do we Saturday This goes up when you don't know when people are gonna be listening this right you can just tell them listen check out the Jodi Middick podcast on iTunes We'll be talking about all kinds of cool stuff on there. That's Jodi echo is ad echo Charles and I am at Jokko willing on all those things to Jodi got he closing words Once again, just thanks everybody, you know, this is a real honor for me to share the same space as someone as As incredible as you Jokko and echo meeting you has been a pleasure. I request it's My continued seek you know, I have a thing I call it I seek knowledge. You know I'm seeking the knowledge to continue to grow as a human and And learn keep continuing to learn who I am and it's experience is like this. I make it That make it happen make it possible and just thanks man. This is this is awesome Well again Thanks for coming on yourself and as I said before most importantly Thank you for your service The world is a better place For what you did in the army and for what you have done and are doing with your life It's an inspiration that everybody that hears it and knows it And everybody else that's out there listening All those troopers I Tell you go do the same thing Go follow the example set by jodie medic and so many other brave veterans and brave people in the world that Face their demons Whatever those demons are they face them and overcome them and Make the world a Better place by making themselves better people so go out there make yourself better Look that demon in the eye and Get after it Until next time this is echo and jodie and jockel out