 This is jockel podcast number 128 with echo Charles and me jockel willic Good evening echo good evening It's been a little bit since we've done Q&A so we're gonna roll into some Q&A and gonna try and answer More questions than normal with some shorter answers got a lot of Twitter questions which necessitates shorter questions and thereby in some cases Short-er answers. I've got to I've got some more Detail answers or detailed questions stacked up for another Q&A but for today We're just gonna try and get through some of these For no guarantee on that but What's rocking all cool jockel do you believe in overtraining? Do you believe in overtraining or is that an excuse people use you have the CT Fletcher's triathletes yourself, it's such a good after daily you also find other elite athletes who believe in rest days Who are by no means slackers? What's your take? You know what can you overtrain? Yes, you can you can definitely overtrain. I will say this most people don't overtrain Because you got to work pretty hard to overtrain and if you overtrain you'll know it if you're paying attention to your performance Because your performance will start to go down that that's what's happening and I've said this before I've seen it with fighters that were preparing for a fight and they'd be overtraining and you'd watch their performance Someone that's normally Crushing let's say the fighter is normally crushing training partner A and All of a sudden training a partner A starts getting the better of the fighter and you know you know It's obvious the guys overtrained so take a couple days off get some steak and Get get back get Reset because you're overtrained. So yeah, you can overtrain for sure Now what I don't believe in well, it's hard to overtrain. I mean these guys are working hard when they're overtraining but a A lot of people just they do you can use overtraining as an excuse What I do is I'm gonna do something every day. I try and do something every day regardless like even if Even if I feel like I'm gonna like last night I got kind of beat up on the map. So I know I'm pretty I'm pretty overtrained right now, but I'm also getting ready to go on a trip So I'm like okay, well, I'm just gonna still school I squatted today And I'm still gonna train hard tonight and then I got a couple days where I'll be on the road I might take one of those days and just like do more of a stretch Mobility Sineario workouts still to get the blood flow because I got to get the blood flow But you know, maybe just like a hundred burpees and then a bunch of stretching So I'll do a little recovery on the road, but yes, you can overtrain. It's hard to do it If your performance is going down you're overtraining Eat some steak take a break take a break eat some steak Well, hundred burpees kind of a lot I think a hundred burpees. Yeah, I think there's less than 10 minutes put it this way I did oh then again all the times I did a hundred burpees with after one yeah, so that feels a little different Yeah, it's just go to a hundred burpees hundred burpees yeah, that well the kokey so overtraining though is like there's two or maybe even more different kinds of Clothes on quote overtraining so there's like this like a for real like I don't know for I'm gonna miss you to a clinical Version of overtraining which is like official like your blood You can recognize it in your blood and there's certain things and sure whatever and there's all the spots There it not as positive to think it's actual thing like you don't sleep and it's like your body Essentially goes into this like negative kind of feedback or positive feedback loop where it's like Just your overtraining and it takes like a while to get out of it like a while you gotta go through this process and then There's also like a condition like raddo so yeah, that's a serious Yeah, that's essentially overtraining. Yes, that's a cute You know we're training quickly. Yeah, to usually to get hit with the rabbi and then there's like this kind of gray area and you can get rabdo it I guess you can get I think I think I think get rabdo and like certain muscle groups But anyways rabdo. Yeah, that'll take you out. I remember cake nuts. We're rolling cake nuts He's a kind guy who's like just kind of down for anything not this kind of like Fire plug type guy because he's super mellow, but he's just down for anything like the kind where if you're gonna go do something kind of weird He'll or whatever he'll always kind of sort of just be there, you know, he always kind of says yes So anyway we're training and He you know when someone asks you to roll and you're done you're like all not done maybe next time. Yeah, not cake nuts No, he was like okay Does and you could tell you's like tired is like okay, and then we're all done or adding and then you know Certain guys come in later whatever maybe one two guys and another guy asked them to roll and we're like dang cake Still rolling and I think he even rolled before us too and he was just rolling well he might have did some other PT or whatever He is like man He's like man I'm pretty tired right now and then another guy asks a well, it's rolling is like okay And we're just laughing like it's kind of like a white belt Yeah, which means all these which means all these rolls are not like Relax scenarios they're actual level nine death battles. Yeah, he's going for yeah. He's a perfect Don't know by the way. Oh, that's cool. Yeah, but yeah, to time I think he was a white belt and yeah, so he goes in He's like man, I'm tired messed up and I was like yeah, man I dig it you rolled a lot and And come to find out he had wrapped it. Yeah, but anyway, go and then there's a great area over training where you're training a lot Maybe your test hospital will be down from training a lot and Me, you know your nutrition may or may not be all that kind of thing So your performance does go down. You feel a little bit more tired going into training You know, if you're lifting or whatever you can't lift this heavy and all this stuff That's like a great you're not overtrained though. You just how you say just you just take in a day two days later Boom, you're kind of back in the game. You know kind of thing But I'll think that's a clinical technically overtrained maybe you're not recovering day to day as much or something like this But cool in the last but all treat things all real things hey your body's this machine man If you know with all these different systems of the systems ain't work all in working right you may not get you know the performance that you Do what next question What would you pack for lunch if you had a typical nine to five job? Yeah, chicken steak beef jerky not's I don't know a salad. No, no big shocker there. Yeah, right? Just don't need to don't listen to the office next question no tuna sandwich No tuna sandwich All we thread tomato lettuce sprouts that's your go-tongue. No. That's what my mom would probably pack for me if she was Packing my lunch, but people are nothing what your mom would that feel for lunch when you were young That wasn't a question It kind of sounds my mom would have been a meal when I was young B and J All right. Yeah, there it is. That's good bag of potato chips. Oh, yes Well, that was pv and j good, but but potatoes if they're not I just man. He is the same it tastes good Actually, but peanut butter is good and of course what I would do is take the potatoes from the bottom on the Like a psycho Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah So there you go guys know what to eat come on Work well here. I'm sure they're asking me because that is kind of a thing like you have a nine to five job right and especially if the kind of the culture is like Okay, I got to work and then boom we got well. Gonna lunch me and my boys from work We're gonna lunch maybe a bar maybe you know kind of thing, but they want to break the cycle So it's like you know, it's not it's kind of common knowledge Okay, break this like will bring your own lunch you yeah, well definitely bring it much not only you will you eat better But you also won't spend $19 for lunch Yeah, you'll spend you'll spend like $6 for lunch and it'll be better for you So that's just yeah, yeah, okay, so maybe I should have made that more clear Don't go out to the little Reconer store and whatever the corner restaurant and spend $28 for crappy food that's gonna make you fat and lazy Yeah, just pack your own food that costs $6 that's gonna make you lean strong and smarter Yeah, but and then there and comes this question I think I don't know but I think so because let's say you've never done that before Yeah, so I'm crazy There's a thing So so great change right you always eat stuff and And I don't think he ever like cooks at home or whatever right and me and kind of well I'd kind of do both whatever, but I cook it home. I go make I have my go to little things right at home So we're talking about that was explained to him oh, yeah Oh, yeah, I'll just do this when I'm on the program I'll do this so I'll make this and he's like dang you you actually do that and I like cook and make stuff It's all surprised. Yeah, like it was like this foreign thing for it. Okay. I'll give you a go to right now You want to talk to you's you said tuna I have Tin chicken like I don't even know my wife calls it tin chicken It comes in can yeah, because I don't really like fish sure and so I have chicken in a can Open it up put some mayonnaise in there you're you're good food. Yeah, yeah, I do that and you can get big big Big cans of chicken. Oh, yeah, that's a good total go to yeah, yeah, that's a good one Lot of sodium a lot of times in those ones. You know if you care about those kinds of things, but yeah, there's a lot of chicken in there too You know you can do with that too if you have just a little bit more time the chicken the one in the can't sweet is good because it's so fast boom boom boom one speed but if you you can like Kind of halfway boil some chicken chop it up What it saute it right with some stuff right and then chop it up even more boom at the mayonnaise is kind of the same deal And you can do it that way you don't need like they can chicken some people do not prefer can chicken though That's cool. That's the thing. I can do other things. Yeah, yeah, yeah, then that's the other thing. I'm talking about Anyway, so well, you know, if you're not made chicken, yeah, I you know, no, it's good It's like a whole thing You know, I'll Greg it was foreign to Greg to actually cook at home It's foreign for people to actually make a lunch like man. Where do I start with this thing? What do I do and then? Usually in fact from what I understand anyway Usually it's kind of like oh all all kind of sort of by a lunch While I'm not at work, you know, maybe good as to buy one of these box lunches or something and then bring it in Is that a man it's defeating the periets at thing, but it's a defeating the purpose you make the lunch like I said I want to see like that I'm telling you cool. It works That's the direction you want to go. That's my opinion Next question You've mentioned being involved in real estate. Are you still involved? How do you get started? Whether flipping or renting flipping mean buying Fixing up selling houses or renting or whatever. Did you start with a lot of money or no? Is it something you are or were very hands on with or contract work out? I've been real lucky with the whole real estate thing Part of it's because I was in the military and while the crash happened I didn't even barely knew there was an economic crash going on And so with so we're talking 2007 2008 time frame when the the market crashed and I was in the military so I just was Captain doing what I was doing and bought some houses then and I would say yeah, and then I've continued to do that so It's a good it's a good investment long-term short-term you can get screwed if you think you're gonna buy something right now Like for instance flipping a house that's cool. You can make a lot of money But also you could buy right now buy a house for $200,000 and think you're gonna fix it up and sell it for $300,000 And then you buy it and the market crashes and now your house that you bought for $200,000 only worth $150 So now you're you're out of luck So you the way I look at it, you know just as as a Normal person yeah, just trying by a house. That's number one. By trying by house to live in and then Trying paid off as fast as you can and then when you get it to a good point and you fix it up and you think you can rent it out That's cool. Do it rented out and buy another one and keep doing that one and I you know, I'm the real estate expert. I'm not running around but You know to explain you'm not gonna put out a I'm not gonna put out a seven or I'm probably listening Hey, if you're gonna buy a buy a house this is what this is something a little bit of advice if you're gonna buy a house by a house in the place Where you want to live? Where you want to live in it by the worst crappiest house But where you want it because the location you cannot change once you buy it you're stuck in that location And so it's so you can but you can always rebuild it and fix it up and make it nice So by a house I made that mistake one time I bought a house I bought a bigger house in a place where I didn't really like it But I thought oh the house is so nice and big and about it was like two weeks after I bought it This is actually the first house I ever bought two weeks after I bought it I was saying man, I should have bought the other house I was looking at that was in the location I wanted that was a little bit smaller not as nice so anyways buy it where you want it and then Fixed up as you go along as far as the work doing the work All the work that I did on my houses I did myself and Now I don't do too much anymore because I don't have time but when I was in the Navy Well, you either have time where you have money, right? So when I was in the Navy I had more time if you can believe that when I was in the Navy and I had no money So like at all my houses when I bought him I couldn't afford them like a barely afford him So you gotta be that's now not advising that because If you you gotta be able to suck it up if things go sideways you're gonna be living on No money living leave gonna be lean Christmas That's my parents used to say to me and that's what I said to my kids is gonna be a lean Christmas So you gotta be ready for the link where some people aren't ready for a lean Christmas. Yes, some people cannot live Some people cannot Control their expenses if things go bad and and you know when I bought all my just about every house I bought when I got into my house It was like okay, we made it now we're gonna starve for two years or whatever Trying to get everything squared away again. So anyways you gotta be smart But it definitely makes more sense to buy I shouldn't say this because there's some people that argue get that I think if you're gonna live somewhere for a while by a house instead of paying someone else's mortgage pay your own and trying paid down as Kirk's you can that's it Yeah, it's my advice cool agree I guess I don't know Unless of an experiment yeah like like here's an idea when you join the military a save up all your money don't spend it on booze Which you're going to you're gonna want to yeah because everyone's gonna be going out don't do that by it By whatever you can buy by a little condo by something and then rent out the rooms that are in it And you sleep on the couch and you rent out the rooms in your paying the mortgage as soon as you get that thing kind of stable boom Go and buy another one yeah, and that's that's how you you can start doing it You said that it was easier for you in the milk because you're in the military Why was it my paycheck was coming no matter what? Oh, it wasn't like I was gonna get laid off. I mean so many people got laid off during the during the economic downturn Right, they couldn't buy they couldn't afford their mortgage payments anymore and that that was made the bad situation even worse Yeah, so for me it was like I was just sitting there collecting my paycheck as normal Didn't even really realize that the market was getting destroyed and all fronts because I was in the military Yeah, and I wasn't sitting around staring at the At the stock market every day trying to figure out where it was gonna go and Do you get I mean you do right you get like benefits or you'd loans easier whatever? Yeah, they're so proud of the a loan yeah, which which is a good loan It's a good loan and you can only get one though, so I mean I use that you can reset it and you use none other houses But which I've done a couple times, but that's a cool like little jumping off point It's a really good jumping off jumping off jumping off point. Yeah, it's a really good jumping off point for sure But the thing to be careful of is speculating and thinking that the prices of houses is always gonna go up Which is what everyone fought in 2016 2007 2008 hey don't worry the prices are just gonna keep going up They're not they're gonna come down sometimes yeah, and so you can't bank on that You can't bank on that what you bank on is like okay I like this house. It's in a good location. I'm gonna live here for a long time if I get stuck in it for a long time I don't mad my mind. I won't be mad and I can suffer Okay, I can make my family suffer. Okay, like you know when you can't take your your family out for dinner For months on end like oh no sorry. We're not going out for dinner No, we're not doing that. We're not buying that Buying your kids used stuff for Christmas which I did when I was in military Okay, you know I'd love to get you something new, but guess what? Sometimes Santa Claus brings some Recycling the recycled goods Some other kids didn't want it. That's fine. If you if you don't have that in you to suck it up and and live lean Then you don't then you need to make different decisions. Yeah because because a lot of time I know it was like this in like oh seven six maybe where Guys like I remember seeing people they like a lot of people were just becoming loan officers Oh, yeah for sure like flipping houses, you know kind of thing and it's kind of all They look at it as like this get rich quick kind of thing and then they're like yeah Let me just do it see you know experience That's there all this stuff and then they'll do it all uneducated all like with none of what you just said none of that and well I got a buddy that He he was telling me the story because he was in the seal teams and during that Market boom during the housing market boom He bought like five houses yeah and he he's so fun to hear because he's a humble guy And he's telling tell me the story is 10 years ago. He's telling me the story but he's like He's like yeah when I was doing this I thought everyone else was so stupid I thought I was just the smartest guy in the world because what he was doing was getting these loans that He couldn't afford but at that time the the mortgage people were given loans to anybody Yeah, and he did it and he did it over and over and so he ended up with five houses and he said he remembered asking you another Real estate guy like hey, what if What if the housing prices go down and then you know the guys like that's not gonna happen and if it does Even if it did happen you'd have six months to a year to offload all your properties and it'd be It's no problem Within a month of that The market turned and he said 30 days later Everyone of his properties was upside down meaning he owed more than they were worth in 30 days And he ended up foreclosing on all those houses except for one he was lucky enough to keep the one that he lived in Anyway, so yeah, don't you know be measured. It's balanced don't just get crazy Yeah, yeah, it's not like this get rich like the risks I would take Was the risk of okay if things don't go well? It's gonna be a lean Christmas and I'm okay with that if you're not okay with a lean Christmas and a lean and not going out for dinner And buying your kids use presents for Christmas if you're not okay with that, but you know What do you want for your birthday? Oh you want to you want something for your birthday cool? We I'll get you something that resembles that but it might not be the act if you're not okay with that Then then don't do it. I never would gamble the fact that okay if this goes wrong We won't have anywhere to live that's a different that's a different level gamble I didn't gamble that I didn't gamble like okay if I if the market goes sideways I'm not gonna have a place to live. I didn't gamble that if the market goes sideways Hey, it's gonna be a lean Christmas and even you like by your own admission you said I You know, I do it where I live lean kind of thing like you don't have to do it that way like you can be Way more yeah, you know, you could get yourself for yourself. Yeah, but no risk no reward But don't risk everything be smart be calculated So yeah, buy something buy something when you're young hang on to it. Run it out buy something else hang on to it Run it out. That's a good plan. It's a good long-term plan Gotcha, juck a long-term plan long-term because the market goes up and down. Yeah, this is probably good advice most of the time Anyway long-term. Yeah, thank long-term. Thank long-term. Yeah, yeah Down time do you ever watch mindless to ask do you this question before do you ever watch mindless TV or YouTube videos to decompress at the end of the day or is that laziness justifying waste of time? You know quite frankly I don't have a lot of free time to do that even if I was all fired up to watch mindless video on YouTube So I guess I guess not really if I'm gonna decompress Sometimes I mean sometimes my kids want to watch something and I'll sit there and watch I'll see what I can go watch an episode of the office This It's gonna get kind of mindless kind of funny Yeah, yeah, that's a that makes sense same same deal. I think probably you know of course I'll watch my whole life. Oh, that's a good one Kind of mindless thing. I can tell you this. I've watched zero If they put it on screen right out I wouldn't even know what it was Lafon we went we were in the hotel gym the other day. Lafes like check it out Yeah, you point the TV. I'm like what is that that's a why if I bought you know what you're talking about? Yeah, yeah I took a picture of it. Yeah, he took a picture of it. He said he felt your presence. Yeah, it's good That would've fired me up best work out in the world right there Wi-Fi vote. We're in God. Oh check Next question. I'm a high school football coach When you were in charge of training at what point did you use mass punishment? Yeah, mass punishment. That's basically when the team's not working together Right when the team's not working together and that can take all kinds of forms, right? But if they're if they're not working together they're gonna get punished together if they're blaming each other they're gonna You're gonna get punished together if they're not supporting each other they're gonna get punished together one thing that I think with a gray area is is if you have an individual That's making mistakes having problems not performing correctly and then the team Who's responsibility is it to get that person up to speed? It's the team's responsibility So if that person continue has a problem. It's like hey if the team doesn't take care of that problem Then the team has to have to pay yeah, yeah make sense man Next question instilling and maintaining discipline in Subjective career fields such as becoming a musician artists, etc How do you face the obstacles thrown at you when you're subjected to people's opinions to make a living and not the Standard do your job type of lifestyles This this this question I'm not sure if I have an answer that people are gonna want to hear on this one I think first of all I Originally thought like okay, this is about discipline and you need discipline to get good at craft because that's for sure Right if you want to get good at Music or art or whatever you got to you got to have the discipline practice, but that's not really what the question's about the questions about how do you Survive and How do you deal with it when people are might not like what you make and from my perspective? I think you should do things like art and music because you really love doing them and not to make money and I think I Think if you do those things truthfully from the heart Then it will strike a chord with other people in many many cases because human beings have Whatever human nature is all kind of the same and so if you do something then people will like it and then you will end up with people that like your work If you're doing art or music or whatever to make money if that's your goal Well Then it's going to be subjective and that's going to be problematic because people might not like what you're doing and so then what you do you change it a little bit then you change it a little bit and you change a little bit So I don't know to me it's like I would rather have another job that makes me money So I can get by so that I can do what I want Artistically if that makes sense I actually had a guy the other day that was like saying You get up early But different people that are artistic They have to have a different path Because they you know if someone's going to kind of make music or they're going to They're going to draw or paint or they're going to write they need to have freedom I was like well, I'm kind of written some books and then and I play music in a band We make rock and roll you know what I mean? Yes, I didn't get all crazy with the guy Of course you do like no I'm in order to I Just like a man, you know if you want to you do what you want, man, yeah, but here to help you out But that's kind of like like doing the podcast like the podcast isn't like oh well We need to do this so that we can get more people listened so that we can get more money It's no actually if you don't want to listen this don't listen and we don't wear beholden the no one No advertisers are going to pull their advertising from us because we don't have any You Yes, so we can do what we want yeah and not be worried about one other people think and I think when you do that Here's the here's the The where the thread ties back in I think if you're doing what you want and you're creating what you want from the heart truthfully When it gets out there people people get into it next question. How can I introduce my female boss to the extreme ownership way without being offensive Just sell it as improvement given the sense before give the book to her and tell her That you read this book and you really like it and you want to become a better leader and if she could read it and keep you and check If she sees you get not aligned she you to appreciate it and just let her read it Yeah, then let the book work is funny you guys are talking about this is the master. I think late Maybe you said it maybe they said I don't know but you're like I'll tell you how you don't do it Yeah, throw the book out of it and say you need to square yourself away read this book and of course Not good no Next question Do you experience loneliness while at the top It's lonely at the top ever that expression yeah, yeah, yeah It's lonely at the top if so how did you handle it you know actually not really and I guess for me from my perspective I look at the top being when I was in leadership position while I was a student commander or a task Into commander or the commander of the the training detachment was it lonely at the top not really man I had friends and people that are hung out with and people that I would trust to talk and have conversations with And so that wasn't really affected then on top of that I actually don't really mind being All-one it's not a big deal to me. I don't feel lonely when I'm by myself I'm fine. Yeah, somebody asked me the other day Are you an introvert or an extrovert and I was like mom probably both and you're like no Nobody you have to be one of course because right right they said so the task over there and I said I said well I don't care I literally don't care well like it's what if I'm gonna room with a bunch of people Okay, if I'm gonna room with by myself don't care whatever bring it Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think the extrovert if I'm not mistaken like look like has a need you know Like he's there they're like attracted to you know other people being there Yeah, so I guess that's what I said. I'm like yeah, that's fine. Whatever don't care alone so yeah You know and I always like I said I had friends that I trusted and weren't weren't like were good enough friends that they weren't gonna be trying to Get their own gain out of being my friend, you know people that were friends with me before I was in a leadership position and people that remain friends after so Yeah, it's not not that big of a deal to me. You know luck. I guess I'm lucky because I mean it must be a thing if everyone says it Yeah, and I guess maybe in like I'll tell you what you do you do you work? I'll tell you this this is you when you when you're when you're at the top when you're at an owner or you're the leader There's times where you have to do things by yourself Yeah, there's no doubt about that and if you have a problem with that you you're gonna have a problem being a leadership position Because there's things that you have to do is leader you have to lead from the front you have to work harder you have to do extra You you should be working harder than everyone else when you're in a leadership position of an organization No doubt about it and if you're not Working harder that's not good and if you're if you're working harder There's gonna be times when you're not with anyone else and you have to be okay with that and I'm perfectly okay with that don't care Yeah, and that's actually what when that's what that expression means it's only at the top meaning like You're at the top because you're willing to in a general way of putting it behave or be a certain way that other people either Okay, yeah, yeah, right so you're not gonna be able to relate from that perspective You're definitely only at the top. There's no one that's gonna sit there and do what I'm willing to do Yeah, yeah, to be there Like where are you at? I don't know haven't seen you, but I'm gonna prove myself and I'm gonna keep getting after it Right, that's kind of the way yeah, that's how people end up in those positions Yeah, you don't end up in those positions. You don't get gifted positions. You don't just get end up I got just shouldn't say never, but I didn't Yeah, sure Yeah, had to grind it out Keep grinding it out. I Think yeah, you know what I think about this question. I think this what you said doesn't surprise me at all because as A human being I think we all kind of Maybe sometimes we do sometimes we don't admit that it is good and nice to have like someone there Kind of supporting you in this way where Where you kind of feel like oh your feelings matter kind of thing yeah, it sounds super soft But it's like kind of deep down inside where like let's say you know how like you know look No listen So you know the idea that like people just don't understand You know that concept okay people just don't get it. They understand or whatever So when you go to the top that feeling is everyone everywhere the people just don't understand This is the difference. I don't look at it people in the negative light because they don't get it. I'm fine with it Yeah, like I recognize that what I'm I recognize that I'm not 100% normal yeah, and I'm not yeah, it's not like I don't look down Right, I actually I said this when I just get interviewed Oh, I got interviewed on a business insider by and and He's like well do you always keep your discipline? I was like no people get all the seal teams and they get fat and they don't care anymore And it's like I don't I don't care about that. I'm stoked. You know that means they're stoked and eating breakfast and bed and they're hanging out with their kids It's all good. I don't I don't have a negative opinion of them Just like I don't have a negative opinion of someone that prioritizes things differently than me. It's fine. Yeah, it's perfectly fine. Yeah I get it that that's my point and I'm okay with that and I'm not looking around going Wow, we should have more people to hang out with it's only up here. That's exactly what lonely other top is though Yeah, and there's a there was when I was in my first seal putton I went to Gwom We got there there was a guy and I don't even know who did it. I don't know where this I don't know who this was But there was a seal that left like a a surf ski you know what that is No, it's basically like a kayak that you sit on top of Anyways, and there's just a little a little a little note to himself. It's at the higher the fewer Yeah, meaning like hey when you because he was training hard for what I don't know who he was It's at the higher the fewer so that's the same thing. Yeah, I'm gonna shoot with it. Yeah Okay, make sense. Yeah, man, so like you know when you're in the office working You know that's what I tell kids too because that's a whole bullying thing is people kids kids get the feeling that being alone is bad Like being alone is not a bad thing you should be comfortable being alone. Yeah Yeah, and as a normal human being it's key I think For the most part okay being alone is one thing but being alone with no choices another so like if you You know you're at the office because you just grind all day you're at the top Slowly at the top whatever you're in the office you're working everyone else is out at You know Thanksgiving whatever but you're working because you got to work you're at the top You're still the man but you're working you know kind of thing some people not you some people will be like man, you know Like I'm in this top position, but I give up like all these you definitely give up things you know And yeah exactly right but again you say you're okay with it. I get it of course. Yeah, but if it gets to a point where I'm not okay with it Then I adjust the balance there you go. Okay. That's how you deal with yeah But you're gonna be playing the long term name. Yeah, not the short term gratification Check, what's wish Would you ever consider being in the reboot of the office all you mentioned though That's why I've been to the go I had read the questions earlier, but it's always it kind of in my head layers Do you like Dwight Shrewt the best? Shrewt the best? Shrewt? That Dwight Shrewt what's wrong with you? Shrewt? Shrewt farms. Yeah, uh the office is a great show And my kids are obsessed with the office for some reason so I watched the office sometimes with them There's a British version of the office and I actually prefer the British version of the office I guess because it's just my personality, but the British version of the office is kind of depressing Funny, but it's kind of depressing because The American one goes over the top The characters are over the top. They're an extreme So they're funny You go oh that's funny for for the boss to have that attitude. It's a caricature the British one is Tone back just enough That it's more realistic and It's it's a little bit depressing That's what my kid. I told my kids got to watch the British one the British one is much better and my kids watching like I don't want to watch that It's depressing So yeah, that's great and Dwight Shrewt is an awesome character Yes because it kind of because everyone knows a Dwight Shrewt who's Dwight Shrewt? He's a character in the office which one though. I mean I've Seen it and stuff, but I don't know the names of the guys. He's a guy with glasses. Okay, like this self defense and Yeah, I was a bit of a darky So you would be in it. They're like reboot of the office. Hey, Jockel. We want you to be What I don't do I true or whoever I could be yeah, what's the name guys name Michael right the character in me? Yeah, the boss yeah, yeah, Mike actually what's funny is when you watch that show you can see leadership issues Yeah, you know you see the glaring leadership issues To give little good little less and slern for leadership in there. Yeah sure So who do you be who's your choice? Hey, Jockel. Oh, I'd have to be one of the people that are in there Yeah, yeah, this is well reboot actually don't be cool. It'd be a super hard core version of Dwight Shrewt like a legit Super hard core version of Dwight Shrewt that'd be pretty funny. Well, isn't the whole kind like comic genius behind the character of Dwight Shrewt Is that he's so dorky like a Napoleon dynamite type guy right like he's like so dorky, but you like yeah This bar chord right true, so you could be super hardcore, but it'd be inverse you'd be you'd be just dorky like your daughter You know, Dwight Shrewt is trying to sell the his hard cornness, but he's just dorky take any character to the extreme and can be funny Yeah, so in your case actually if you if you like when I'm on Twitter I take my character sure, you know with someone says what's what's a good dessert steak Just having fun. Yeah, right? You're like the two techs message to by the way So yeah, so your character is hardcore underlying hardcore That's like the known thing when but then you're trying to be all I don't know like smart or something like you know like Like this is for the the reable boot I'm not worried about it. No, man. That's how it is. Look at the classic All right Next question has seen kids in hell holes ever made parenting harder for you Leave it or not leave it kids Not really when I when I was overseas and you teach kids in horrible situations it just makes you Appreciate the opportunity that you have to provide for Your kids and to try and help those kids as much as you can so I don't think it made parenting harder for me Yeah, just make you appreciative. Yeah, with the opportunities that we have for sure. Yeah, I feel like I know that question where Yeah, I want it if I see like kids and animals it it doesn't make it harder, but it makes it like You're more sensitive, you know like you just stop just affects you more with your kids. I don't know in my Experiences what happened because you kind of can't you know like it messes you up when you see like like my wife will Read like uh trafficking like human trafficking art because he's stuff and you see but when it be pictures or video Whatever and so it kind of leaves them mark in your brain. So I don't know maybe you're just playing every day kind of stuff And you see your kid and you're like dang you can't help but remember those pictures and dual comparison Oh yeah, well, that's what that'll make you paranoid too in a good way Yeah, yeah, yeah, be careful with your kids. There's evil people out there. Yeah Next question how do you reduce your bosses anxiety levels do a really good job? You know what I mean stay out of the power curve do a really good job keep them informed and kick ass And that's how you relieve your bosses anxiety step up. Yeah That's that's good advice for your wife, too, by the way Relieving your wife's anxiety levels. Yeah, for sure. Take lead, right? Not lead like oh, you know call all the shots in this early but you know if if if you guys are trying to figure out where to go for dinner boom Call it call it man. Don't be like oh whatever you want don't do that Don't create the leadership void. Don't do that Check I learned that for you by the way Next question trying to keep in shape while traveling long-term And not use not having gym access as an excuse for letting my standard slip best pieces of Kit training styles from maintaining conditioning and adding mass while living out of the back Did get rings yeah get rings get gymnastics. What gymnastic rings? Why would because plastic or metal will make You get sweaty and slip and you have to bring a ton of chalk you need a little bit of chalk with wood rings It's a little bit of a reserve and there's the best thing to grab on to so yeah get wood gymnastics rings You can carry them anywhere and then just do a bunch of counts that next time come on, man Just I don't know what adding mass how how do you add mass can it's like oh you got to get creative Yeah, you got to get creative but it's you know instead of doing squats, you know air squats Do jump squats or you're doing some dynamic. You know what do they learn metrics? Yeah, I do one like epistols Yeah, all that stuff. Yeah, yeah, that's the I got to do that right now like I can't You can drill the hole in like This is called the owner, so they drill the hole and they attach the 10 and not in the hole They go to push the 10 and through the hole. They put an anchor at the end of it boom Anyway a lot of swelling in the forearm you can't grab nothing you can't grab anything and have weight You know So calistening because you got to kind of make your position you're wrists in a position in like a comfortable position And you can do calistening Anyway point there is I'm in that boat or lifting weights is not an option at this very moment for me So you got to kind of get creative so like a push up You can make the pushups harder if you put your feet up and the higher you put your feet You know the harder it becomes or you do like a one-on push-up situation and then you can do like a declant like um You know you go on a counter first, right? Okay, how many of these one-on pushups? You can do more than 20. Okay, maybe you go for like a chair or something like this Something something a shorter Boom you can do more than 20 of those. Okay now I can go to the ground Seems like and then you can go raise your feet up as it's time goes on boom. There you go Good for and actually body weight through space is the best way to build size In your muscles there As far as like exercise is go good information. It is better than dead lifting and squatting well okay, so that dead lifting squatting that's gonna be The It's gonna depend on the weight, but think about this dead lifting and squatting is moving your body through space So Doing air squat you're moving your body through space is as opposed to max squatting with weight So I'm back squat right right right right but one squat yeah Good you can hear me with squat yeah, but again like as a Moving your body through space is the or the best exercises for What is what is not moving your body through? Like okay squat compared to a leg press So if you go again, why even those aren't even in my those aren't even in my mind I know bro, but this guy asking the question. Okay, it might be Well, I'm trying to help him out. I don't want to help you. You got the whole exercise thing figured out. I get it you know your expert in your boring workouts Talk about that later nonetheless So body weights or body moving your body through space is the best exercise the problem is or tends to be That your body has a fixed amount of weight more or less So you can adjust the weight and usually you can move your body through space a bunch of times if you do air squat You can do a bunch of air squats so it doesn't provide the quote unquote tension that you need to build mass That's what you go one at a time Create more tension on your muscle while still moving your body through space which could wind up to be a better exercise for you That's what I'm saying that's good. Okay, man whatever Bride don't act like it's crazy that I'm saying this stuff that's the question you really the question You're going to love with this whole moving your body through space thing yeah That's a good information. Really. I just have no idea what that I I kind of get it now. Yeah, but you were saying it as if it was some Unknown it is unknown moving your body through space. Okay, so you know what a hammer strength Yes, okay, so it's all you know, it's like a it's like a I don't know like a lever kind of thing Yeah, yeah, you know you put some plates on it you push it. There's no pull here nothing, but you know You're moving your body through space. You know moving your body through space. You know, I'm moving your body through space So I'm kind of creating the spectrum here so could just consider that then it's kind of far down There's other movement or things that are further down this spectrum, but that's fixed movement There's no balance required. There's no whatever. It's just like you're just pushing late. It's isolation I suddenly did yeah playing the plane is isolated all this to the plane movement. Cool, right? So that will have less neural muscular activity when you push it even if you're pushing heavy weights Then something like Graduate to like a barbell bench press right for example But even that even though you do have to balance so that's a big step up But even that you don't have to balance in certain planes certain planes of movement you don't have to balance like the what you call this with lateral whatever the lateral movement and a barbell bench press which is the bar You don't have to balance it's fixed but front and back or forwarding forwarding back whatever you do have to balance so you know still good Now go to dumbbells now you have 360 degree plane of Movement that you have to balance more neural muscular activity so dumbbells are better than barbells in that way Neurmuscular activity and you can adjust the weight so you can do things where you can only do three reps You can do things you can do 20 reps if you want so boom great exercise Carefully do it on hotel room, but just saying general so you can good exercise But now you go the tip top the best Exercise for normal muscular activity would be pushups Because same thing you're moving your body through space you're not balancing weight balance You're going to bring all the ball get even better now you're going like creative which is good. That's like beyond the spectrum which is good totally good But so yeah keep these things in my I think when you when you do a thing What so if you can add or when to work out so when you if you can add weight that's the challenge if you can add weight To these moving your body through space exercises that's when you can get well I think now I'm just going to take this one step further do it because you don't necessarily have to add weight as you stayed in earlier You can adjust how you're moving your body through space and then you can get the You can get additional and I'll tell you what really makes this obvious is if you do any gymnastics training If you do a pull-up that's hard if you do a talk pull-up where your knees are pulled up That's even harder if you do a L sit pull-up where your knees are up but your feet are pointed straight forward That's even harder each one of those things is a little bit harder the same thing with a dip like just a regular dip Like if you've got your feet hang it's easier if you bring it up to a talk Isn't a little harder if you bring it up to an L it's even harder So you can keep doing these things and there's squats that you can do. I mean just doing pistols alone that's a lot harder Some people can't even do pistols yeah and so you might have to do an assisted pistol to start off So yeah, you can make it happen pistols got a hard man, especially if you've never done it before This is hard because the ballets Yeah, there's a balance back and side-to-side balance Hard to reach 160 degree plane of balancing that's what this whole thing's about moving your body through space Is that what it is? If you place that's where do you read that old school buggerian Philophilasyphi workout program called this is the old school never deviated from it much the core Really good to it by the way Oh, it's called serious growth is what it's called weird right like that's such a lame name But man I was in high school and I was like, all right, you know you read all these things right and you know the butt back of the You know muscle magazine whatever in the little article. I remember all the bullgarion Yes, kind of like That was a big thing No ballgaring well, yeah, because the ballgarrants are doing really good at weightlifting. Yeah, I'm quite no one knew it was weird And these guys were like yeah five weeks or four weeks my bench went up to this You know when you're in high school band check it I'll get that out of it. So you get the program says book and it's just called serious growth and it explains everything really in detail I'll say dang this is pretty good real plain English to not all those rules So whatever and Maybe there's a and they were doing keto too by the way. That's where I learned about keto 90 That's crazy. Yeah, it's been around for a long time Well the hackens book came out in the 60s or 70s. Yeah, that's way different though. It's not it's not way different. Yeah, yeah It's different. It's not way different. Yeah. This way this guy. That's been around for a long time Yeah, Mark Dr. Mario or Maro de Pasquale. Oh, yeah That's who was the keto guy and again back in the phone. He's still around Yeah, okay, so yeah, so we did this thing we get this book and it's like laying it out and you know I'm down 15 16 years old. I'm down to lift I have days a week. Let's do this and bro. We did it and you eat good not like crazy I didn't do the keto never did But you know they have it as an option and so we did it whatever and we it was weird since But I gained like 20 pounds and I just we just kept doing it so you know you play football. You can't really gain that also This whole thing that you're 15 and your body's just filled with testosterone You're getting you you were gonna gain 16 pounds I'll tell you this right now. I'll talk in a jodie minute about this briefly too. I'll tell you this right now if even at 40 you go on this thing It depends on your pain. No, no go on this this type of work And I'm not even like selling this work on or nothing like that. I'm saying this so people will think and think you know what though? Okay people think you're on steroids if you do this work off or like six weeks that's it six weeks They'll think you're on steroids straight up like my whole life when I'd like go on a pro on a like a six week thing They're all he's on serrits. Obviously he's on serrits. It's no serrits. You only have to take supplements. That's the weird thing But here. Let me see this though now that I'm thinking of it as or about it when I'm grown adult Most programs if you actually do the whole program Exactly works Really good that's the thing people just don't do the work up. Yeah, like it's like oh, what do you need to do lift heavy weights a lot Eat good and rest good. Yeah, yeah, you'll get yeah, and let's and let's face it It's not is like if someone says oh, yeah, it's easy. Here's the thing. It's not easy. This is why it's not easy It's not just the workout that's why you have to do the workout then you have to eat enough of the right things do by the way And then you have to rest enough. That's basically you have to change your whole life So if you're like it's easy just change your whole life. It's not easy So and not that I'm not saying that that's a good excuse or anything But I'm just saying it's not quote unquote easy, but yeah, there it is But check do where a diet exercise eat good workout good and rest good you'd be good hotel or gym easy That actually here's what you can do here's what I do when I go to the master or wherever If I'm there for like a week like the last master all like going Google maps and finding like all the gyms And be like all right, I'm gonna get that's kind of the commitment Obviously, you know, that's an interest. That's your commitment like you want to stay in shape Add mass as you say conditioning adding mass whatever look for the gym near your house Commit to pay that gym fee. It's just like what 10 bucks or something like that and boom that's the commitment right Do that that's what I do Same thing with you just about all the next question Forgive or wait to settle the score You know what this is kind of a question. Okay, so forgive If you can forgive people for me, that's cool now here's the thing got that little thing eaten in the back of your mind because you want to settle the score I know I feel you really don't I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't tell you like hey just forgiving forget right But but it's hard to do that sometimes especially if Well certain situations merit, you know a little bit It's hard to make that happen a little something extra special, but this is what's interesting for giving someone is actually A form of settling the score Maybe you can think about that so for me the best revenge you can take on someone is Success right is ignoring them and the best revenge is not even letting them know That you even think about it anymore That's the best revenge in my mind so you forgive them and you just move on I think that's the best thing to do forgive them move on and go kick ass in the world and And the little part of your brain that really wants to take revenge You'll be taking the best possible revenge you can you'll be doing the best possible way and it'll be the best for you as a human being yeah So that's what you do. Yeah, yeah, I forgive you and then you go kick ass For giving someone for real like for real for real for giving them is really hard Even if you do take the high road behavior wise on the inside it's like you kind of don't There's this guy high school actually when I mean high school was you're so high school grudges no I get I guess technically yeah It's still there like if there was like if you were to see I don't know something good that I did like now and be like Oh, man, he's doing good that would give me satisfaction right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's still there. I'm gonna something but if it's To forgive someone fully to be to a point where oh, yeah, if you saw that I was doing great now or something like that And that wouldn't move me either way to get to that point is resupar art So I think just like how you said like the behavior that you want to kind of You want to be in act. Yeah is Is yeah, don't let it bother you and here's the thing with don't not letting it not not letting by the don't let it affect you at all Like no factor like you almost like you didn't even notice kind of air. Okay, so that's hard to do Right answer you were there. Yes, you can do that if you can pull that off But that's the worst for the other person say it so like you ever you ever had like Maybe what I'm saying but bro I'll get this where like Did I say you know you think to yourself dang did I see something to piss that guy off wherever it is whatever I don't know somebody where that girl or whatever Shoot did I say something are they offended whatever and you just don't quite know But it's not big enough to bring up so you can't bring it up and get that satisfaction of knowing you know But if they don't just don't say any let's say they were offended say it don't even like you but they just don't don't like talk to you rather than If they ignore you or Don't acknowledge that you said something or something like that That's way more that bothers you way more than them like Custon you out or something or yelling at you like I'm super mad at you and them telling you they're mad at you is way more like sad as Like yeah, then them not if you just ghost them forgive them and move on yeah, but if you ghost them You can't overly ghost like you can't overly ignore Just be like hey, yeah, like literally like Yeah, yeah, oh good. Yeah, it's good to see you have to know that's why something's going good for you if It's like you're mad at someone and they text you like hey, you know Oh, and if you give them like one word answers or you don't text them back that messes with them way worse than you say Yes, I met at you and you hurt me and you pissed me off Whatever, I ain't all these games over them. Don't brag. I laid it for me, bro Check good advice right there good advice next question when you you've crushed your daily to do list Do you then take the time to relax or do you text him next day's list? Is that against prioritize an execute since the mission is done for the day? You know just do more just keep going Even if it's on the next day keep going do more if you have extra time do whatever you can do to stay ahead And I do that pretty much until I'm brain dead and I I can definitely work myself into it until I'm brain dead Like I can get to a point where I'm reading or I'm writing and it's just it's just it's just done I'm done and so I just have to stop and take a break and I'll go do something mindless for a while You know, so you know if you forgot stuff to do keep hammering until you can't hammer anymore and then say Oh, okay, you know what? I need a little breather and then take a little breather and then get back to it right now I could work 24 hours a day 24 hours a day yeah seven days a week 365 days a year and And I wouldn't be able to get done things I'm trying to get done So it's not like I'm sitting there going oh cool. I got a break no. Yeah, I can save all I has got as more stuff to do Got things to do so not a bunch of boys you call it breaks and it relaxing That's not a lot of that happened right now now go surfing is that a break kind of it's like a big break Well, it's kind of hard of the process. It's like if you're doing five sets of 10 on the bench What are you gonna do? One set of 50 no you do find sets of 10 so first set of 10 what do you do get a rest? Get a recover that's what surfing is that's the it's the rest between sets. That's all that is right there. You go as part of the process check But what would you would you recommend for someone who's like a normal person? Do what you can knock it out build up extra three time if you need a break take a break Got you that's pretty crazy right? No, what I'm saying is like do what you can if you need a break take a break if you need a little relaxation takes some relaxation You know waste your time though see people people do relaxing, but they do what they don't even do it good They don't even feel relaxed when they get done. It's not productive relaxing. Yeah, they're they just what they did is they did something stupid for an hour They watched YouTube videos for an hour. Yeah, they did that help you know Godside go for a run do some burpees go surfing go do some jiu-jitsu Play with your kids whatever do something that actually has some value. Yeah, the real value But to what about you know, palhana and we're going to the bar Yeah, that's not great, but sometimes you get to hammer because you're hung over the next day You can't account you know you can't function as good boom can't your output your productivity Cause down next day Better tell everyone what palhana means because not everyone knows like all pahana. I guess technically it means Done with what you're doing palhana means done Hanam means like do yeah But yeah, palhana, a potential what you're doing tip it's referred to when you're finished with work. Yeah, that's where I was used You know, yeah when you finish or palhana go good. Yeah, you know, whatever. It's like Miller time. You know, that's the same thing a little bit Next question. Would you recommend jiu-jitsu for a 55 year old female with no former martial arts background Is the risk for injury to lie? Yeah, I can't say this on a bunch of times. Hey, yes, you should do jiu-jitsu Pick good training partners get your ego out of the picture and go very slow and learn the techniques and you'll get something out of it Yeah, watch out for sparring rolling live You need to be really careful and you need to really select good training partners that are very much more experienced than you are Don't roll with white belts if you're a 55 don't even roll with blue belts if you can help it as a 55 year old unless they're small and smart Just be careful, but yeah, it's a great training. It's a great thing. What about? Because I actually got assist online and I was actually Through DMs like going through this a girl class him tailor if I'm not mistaken You got a first name anyway, should black belt and she You know when it comes to girls rolling just even just regular girls or whatever Let's face it. I mean in training they do have a bigger kind of kind of obstacle in that way where they're at They are at a higher risk of injury more times because everyone if they're rolling with the guys I mean everyone chances are everyone's bigger than them and they might be going hard and they you know Some guys especially early on they don't realize that dang they're putting a lot of strength and And you know all the stuff into these moves again. I can't even guys like Yeah, they don't even realize it. They're that weird exhausted. Yeah, I am relaxed Exactly where they do have this obstacle. It's right even 55 year old Lady or even just an older person in general They do have that added obstacle where yeah, you do have to kind of so what's the question yeah? The question is like what do those people do? Yeah same deal. Yeah, no they they have to be more Extremely cautious they have to take more caution. Oh, okay. You're 100% right. What you're saying is right You didn't and what is what I just said you don't want to go with the psycho white belt You even want to go with any white belt right Yeah, because they're they don't know what they're doing so go with someone that's a purple belt someone that's relaxed there 55 year old woman is gonna be on a different A Pace down the path. Gonna be on the path but just at a different pace Yeah, and and the stress is to I would focus on the the learning of the technique a lot more You know, it's been a lot more time drilling and Learning the technique and then occasionally with your black belt instructor with your brown belt instructor with some of the high level Purple belt smart people You do nice little roll with them you have some fun. You see what works. What doesn't work you learn a little bit more Take that path take a pace down the path. All right, right don't go in there with a big ego and Here what happens every time like If you introduce to you to people they think that they have the solution to something that you teach right And it's like no you don't actually have the solution you are don't know anything So just just don't do that. Yeah, is that the monster and you know we teach you just for the first time too much people And we're teaching the oopa right do the oopa escape the oopa escape Where you roll the person over from the mountain and This one guy, you know, he's like I'm teaching what's doing this one guy is like I Look this doesn't work and he's got his weight all the way in the other side. He's got his leg up I remember that yeah, and I'm like I'm like yeah, there's another movie just do this pop up and now you're in the garden But like in his mind like you just just told me wasn't it but doesn't that's a work I don't know what this crap is that joc was all into but obviously doesn't work So no actually it works so you don't you don't uncover the magic of jiu-jitsu in one Moment, you know Yeah, oh actually you know what I do remember the question so you know how it like kid fit five year old women Roll with you know high level people people that you trust people who have like a lot of control over the The situation what about like let's say I you know on the 55 year old woman avatuin sister she's 55 We're in the same shape kind of thing just normal people and can we roll you better be careful You better calm down you better not get competitive you better relax Now one thing that's good is I would say yes actually Yeah, I would say yes thinking you know why because you're around equivalent strength you're around equivalent knowledge You still got to be careful. Yeah, I would prefer you go a couple six months before Before you jump in and do a death match with your twin sister at age 55 Yeah, I know you you've been competing with each other So just just trying to relax you know I just say Jade trying to kill you like dude Come on when Jade used to try no sorry. Oh, yeah, he tried sure he could try no I know that's what's saying he tried It's funny the jay even from birth jay was a little bit bigger than me Not anymore no no no and I think it's literally a direct result of it of always being a little bit You had a smaller in complex yeah, you like a little small mini micro bit bigger than this dude and you know when that happened He was bigger than me through high school through through Even through college you bigger than me until We're done kind of with college and also just gonna lift and I ballooned up to like almost 250 Pay 250 and then he was like were you athletic when you were 250 yeah surprisingly yet not as fast Back up there again. I was it as flet oh, I was off, you know, you know a grown adult It doesn't make sense for me. I'm not Paul I don't know this is my opinion and plus in a whole lane 250 Not as lean as I am now no I wouldn't call myself lean or But I wasn't fat though. That's a thing I even have this old picture of me in my friend Scottie He's a cop now by the way he We're like because he would lift it. He was a little bit important Yeah big time and We were like this is when I was like 245 he was like maybe 230 or something like that and yeah, I was big But I was like that was like surprisingly defined though. I got it that day. I got it that day. I That's and then I went and ran a four mile run and I and I did not feel good Yeah, and I was like okay. I'm done with this. Yes, I mean, I was pumped to be 250 just because you know You're 50 but I ended it a four mile run. I was like good God. This is horrible. Yeah, I can't do my job and that's the answer Yeah, that's the answer why you don't want to be 250 and even Like that's a huge amount of weight even health wise especially as you get older whatever like to be Just rolling around 250 Yeah, and if you can't do a four mile ride if you can't do I probably Thinking back like even a one mile run would have been kind of kind of more difficult to get out with a Like at 250 that's not a good sign. Yeah, the last that's uh that's how it went So yeah, it's the point they're being I got bigger than than Jade boom and with that little micro Napoleon complex It grew like I was more like aggressive or am even still not like more like I'll take up more aggressive like I started to You need to consider I started to just take a lot more aggressive more aggressive more That's one because I don't figure about that way you think Jade's more aggressive Maybe like to get in like a debate or something. Yeah, definitely aggressive But yeah, physical activity I'd probably start due to I was like before Jade started I was like well into purple belt Yeah, for Jade even started And that's a big gap. So yeah, Jake can try to kill me. He will not kill me just simply won't it's almost impossible It's pretty much Technically impossible if there's Oh, so if you go a percentage right chance you can't ever beating me the percent of the percent chance of him beating me Is close to the zero that it is one percent true that's how it is right now the almost you went on the complete warpath Oh, what do you mean if he trained just try to try it all the time? Yeah, that goes for everybody Currently that's all it is. Oh, yeah, so he's a zero percent he's off the path doesn't matter he can get on the path still Zero percent chance next question. I'd like to hear your thoughts on people entering the military in their 30s I'm sure you saw it How they fare and ring the military at an old rage is fine. You got maturity you got experience you got intelligence And so that's good. You're gonna bring a lot to the table. However you also have maturity experience and intelligence So the only downfall of it is you got to do some dumb stuff on your in the military and and and if you're older and You see how dumb some of the stuff that you're doing is It's gonna be harder for you to do it. You're gonna have a little bit of a negative attitude on if you allow yourself It'd be easy if I should say that if you allow yourself it'd be easy to develop a negative attitude about that stuff I joined when I was 18 years old I didn't care you want me to do whatever you want me to do I'll do it. I didn't see this stupidity and a lot of the stuff and so I think that's the only drawback Because you'll just be looking at some of the stuff that you do in the military thinking oh This is much more efficient way to do this and if you let that get to you it's gonna be problematic So going there with an open mind do the crap the the tedious and kind of mindless stuff that you got to do and Push through that and then you'll get to a position or leadership and you can do your best to mitigate that and take care of other Soldiers sailors airman and Marines While you're out there serving the country. So yeah, it's awesome. It's great. You'll you'll be a big benefit. Mm-hmm Do you think that that even that How you're saying like okay you'll you'll you kind of look at things in more of an adult way kind of thing Where it's like all this more efficient way to do something Do you think that that mindset would kind of keep you from you know being more cohesive to with a few allow it to it Definitely will if you if you that's why I said you have to allow if you just go look This is this is the way it is right now. I'm a I'm a E1 in the military They're telling me to do this thing. It doesn't make any sense right now I'm gonna do it to the best of my ability and move forward if you say all this is stupid And you spread the negativity the other guys know why we doing this. Yeah, it's gonna be problematic So going there have a good attitude you can promote really quickly if you're square away like that You know, so you got a good opportunity How do you I think it's totally good to go what about even like socially you know like kind of like Oh, you want to think about it. You're 30 years or 18 you've been out in the world. You've had a job You probably have a house. You might have kids these kids are I was out of high school like you know what I mean It's you're not there yet you're and you think about What you know when you're that age compared to what when you're when you're 30 Yeah, you know my big things. I tell my kids all time. You know Or like my oldest daughter who's in college and whatnot And I'm always like when I was your age. I was my first you'll put to you know like You're just kidding even compete with what I was doing The responsibility and I had when I was 18 years. I know all that stuff But but the truth is when you're 18 you're not as mature as you are when you're 30 so yeah, there'll be a social disconnect Like I went to college when I was I think I was 28 or 29 or 30 and so yeah, I was around kids that were 18 19 years old and I Realized very quickly that you know you'd made some mature kids But a lot of kids were just they're just young. Yeah, I mean there's not a big difference between 18 and 15 For some people right yeah You think about what you were doing you were 15 years old 16 years old like I'd join the military So luckily I had some kind of structure imposed upon me Yeah, but you think about the kind of stuff that you can do when you're 18 years old people do dumb dumb dumb stuff You you you look back and you you're happy that you made it Yeah, you do dumb stuff yeah, you know we're talking about wasting your time on YouTube videos go waste your time on YouTube Like just put in like you know Teenagers doing dumb stuff And you'll you'll save out and in 50% of the stuff that you see you'll recognize Like oh yeah, I remember that so yeah, don't do dumb stuff and as an 30 year old in the military You can help give some of that guidance to people so I think it's cool go for it man and kind of vice versa Right cuz like if you're the 18 year old 19 year old guy There's like you know 100 well however many other 18 19 year old guys you guys are cruising then here comes this 30 year old You know all level headed bro. I can't relate to this guy this kid's kind of weird that the other thing is when you're 18 You don't even know how much those 30 year olds You just think you know you actually think you know more than you're looking at them like the 80 it's like why would you not You know Swing off this rope and see if you can get through the window on the third floor Why would you not do that? Yeah, exactly so that's something I would be out brace yourself for that to remember the perspective of an 18 year old and They're not looking at you going gosh, I'd really like to learn about the area I'm looking at you like I can't believe you're doing the military what's wrong with you Yeah, old man. Yeah, old man There is there were guys who actually they came from the military and still eligible right for for footpoint college and One guy was 26 one guy was 27 and It let's think let's face it 26.7 that's you know that's you're Physically like you're solid still and we looked at them like man these are like these are old school guys These are like old one careful with my own practice Yeah, like literally it was like I felt like that for one of the guys anyway and then you go to class right in you get these people who you know They don't go to college right after high school. They go, you know later on when in my opinion when most of us should go When you know why you're going and so this one lady was in my class. She was maybe 35 Six whatever Did you look at you with the scust all day long? No, she didn't look at me at all. Oh wow she's freaking like Donner on program. Yeah, like I was no factor in her life before she was doing yeah literally the correct way to do it. She sat up front Weird oh yeah, and she's asking questions Literally, and that's really the way to go when you think about it You don't even have to think about that's the way to go, but nonetheless She's like this, but she's obviously 30 something years old and it just didn't compute to me You know like oh That's the most important thing one on us, but that's a really key part of this conversation is when you're eight Imagine as a 30 year old when you're looking at that 18 year old they don't see I understand So check No sir we don't One 18 next question You've said everyone will know if you're the one taking ownership and leading the team in spite of having a poor leader or someone who does Everything for the one glory But what do you do if your boss is boss doesn't make the connection between your work and the team success Good Good, you know what I do keep working hard. That's awesome. Make keep making your boss look good I recommend that you put your ego in jack because you know we can take credit for for what for what's happening You're looking for that glory and there the boss is doing it for glory Well, guess what that's making you mad because you want some of that glory. You know what it'll come The two things about this number one let him have it make him look great You worried that the boss's boss doesn't get it. It will come in due course be patient Work hard Give your boss the credit don't worry about it and in due course it will come you you can't fool The boss the boss is boss won't get fooled forever They won't get fooled forever and you know what or is case scenario you get your boss's you get your boss promoted Cool now he trusts you you work hard for him. You did good. He put you can take his role It's okay Okay, this is very common. This is no Strange question Next question What do you do for fun when you're not kidding after it? I? That's kind of a weird question Right? Why because you're always getting enough well because is surfing getting after it? Yeah It actually is you're getting after it. Yeah, it is getting after it is playing guitar getting after it Well, yes, it is is rocking roll band getting after it. Yes, it is Okay, I guess And I'm hanging with my kids is that getting after it? Sometimes I kind of it turns out what we're doing guess We're doing jitsu so yeah, I don't know What I do for fun when I'm not getting after it? Just stuff that I enjoy doing like you said earlier like it doesn't take discipline To go and do jitsu if jitsu is really fun for you and jitsu is definitely fun for me. I would say 70% of the time I'm I'm like super stoked to be going and roll 30% of the time. I don't feel like it. I go anyways Or say 28% of the time sure there's like two percent of the time where I recognize oh I'm gonna get hurt today because I'm beat up or I'm tired or whatever It's like okay, you know what? Maybe I won't try today yeah or and even on those days sometimes I'll come in and I'll just do a light roll Just to make sure Put myself a little discipline check So yeah, I don't know people that that's the kind of the thing where I guess from other people's perspective if they're thinking jitsu is not fun and working out is not fun and and Practicing an instrument is not fun well than I'm not ever having any fun Yeah, but actually the opposite is true all those things are fun for me so I'm having fun all the time. There you go Yeah, it kind of kind of goes In line with them that other question of mindless like do you ever do mindless stuff? So maybe that's kind of the No work. Oh, yeah yard work cleaning the garage Stuff like that, but you know actually you know what it is now that I think of it. It's the the question could be could be Do you what do you do fun meaning what do you do like mindless stuff that's that's not Technically productive so you say turf surfing Me surfing is not technically productive. I don't know though. So it's one of those things But you know what you feel good when you get out of the water. I mean you get a little workout Actually it is because you get better at surfing. Yeah, so it is kind of productive But there's no there's no productivity to surfing. There's no There's no ultimate goal Other than doing it itself. Yeah same thing with guitar, but you're getting better at guitar So like even like yard work for example. It's like sure that's not your mind. Yeah, that's productive You're improved. It's productive. So what you're asking me is what do I do that's completely unproductive? I don't know right now. There's not a lot of hard to squish in the world. There's not a lot of things right now Then I'm doing that art somehow productive. Yeah, I think but anyway because technically I'm going to be on the other side because that was the actual question. You're just trying to Yeah, I'm all assuming free me Presuming the you you know because watching YouTube back to the question watching YouTube videos of like you Like try going YouTube actually don't do it, but if you do do it do this go put in the search in YouTube Go drunk girl fails. Okay, that's what it's called Girl fails. Okay, so there's probably maybe 500,000 to 10 million of these videos potentially that's my estimate So what that means is once you're done with one the other one's coming and here's the thing It never gets old so that is actually I do think it gets old all right well Yeah, that was more of like a really colleague's adoration, but it takes a long time I would argue for for most of us for it to quote unquote get old so the point there is that is something that is straight up not productive true You can learn a lesson much of that the lessons to be learned from those videos get learned literally the first video Yeah, literally and then well, no, they don't get learned in the first video because the first one just seems like it could be an anomaly It's like when you tap on someone that's never done to just before it takes like three or four before I go I get it, you know something I don't know so you gotta watch three to five drunk girl fail videos with your you know 16-year-old daughter and say like this is why you don't Get drunk. Yeah, this is why yeah, actually you know believe me. Okay, we'll watch two more and we'll see if there's any of these things that that you would want to See yourself behaving as yeah, but and you could argue that maybe if you watch five six seven ten 20 You start to see another pattern get revealed within the pattern of drunk girl fails So one of them is you know a girl writing a scooter down this path So you're not like not just don't get drunk, but don't ride scooters Exactly right exactly right. We don't dance on the bar when drunk. Yes, exactly right So if you see let's say within the span of 15 drunk girl fail videos you see You know 30 of those is girls dancing on the bar versus only two of them were girls on a scooter You can kind of discern that dancing on the bar Statistically Is a little bit more dangerous. I'm just saying it. Wait we're digging for lessons So that's a bad thing Digging for lessons is a bad thing That wasn't a lesson bro. Sorry digging for lessons next question Virtuality requires your favorite subject discipline creativity is important as well Does a single focus on discipline inhibit creativity No Jimmy page next question Seriously Jimmy page what a good job Jimmy page let's up one good-tarr virtue Oso practice with discipline I just answered this on the kids podcast because Jimmy page Played guitar so much when he was in school That they had to take his guitar from him during like study halls during lunch Like no you can't just sit there and play guitar you need to do other things Yeah, that's how much he practiced. Yeah, he practiced so much. He became such a Such a skilled player through that much discipline that he was able to get more creative Then almost anyone else on the guitar so there you go. It doesn't it gives you freedom It expands your creativity And Jimmy pages one example of a multitude So let me ask you this I guess we kind of talked about but not really I've never actually asked you that I can remember So if you and let's assume that Jimmy page He didn't do it because he felt like this is you know that what I should be doing right now Whatever he did just because I'm addicted to guitar. I love it and there's nothing I'd rather be doing and all this stuff So if you the question is if you just love doing it and that's why you're doing it so much I love guitar. I don't want to eat dinner right now. I'm busy on my guitar Just you know enjoying myself and learning and just loving it every single moment of it I don't want to go surf on moment guitar. Boom every single day. Is that discipline? Yes, because let's say okay actually I don't know I guess not technically Yeah, go it is it is it is but I'd be hard pressed to find somebody that Love's doing something so much that they do it all the time with no discipline whatsoever Yeah, and and I think I agree with you there But technically is that discipline though because you know take Michael Jordan a for example That's not a good example. Well, I think the guitar examples good because if you really love doing it And that's what you're doing. I'll tell you what takes discipline even if you enjoy it Yeah, I'm gonna stick with that answer for now. So let's say you know when it any even more important answers I don't think it matters. I don't think it matters either so I don't know because it's like it's because it kind of all to at the end of the game It did you put in the hours of practice and did you get good at it? Okay? Did you get good at it? That's what it with the question first Did you get good at this thing? I'll tell you all the time pretty much with very few exceptions the way you get good at something is practice and then You know Usually since you can't do one thing all day every single day for you know 30 40 50 years It's gonna take discipline meaning you're gonna have to do it even though you don't want to do it kind of thing Which is part of what discipline But what if that part of it doesn't isn't there because even like Michael Jordan. He's so good And he's probably love basketball whatever, but there are there is of course days where he's like okay I'd rather maybe be there. No, I'm gonna take this play That's why it's not an example But the real person Because because you get a person That loves something so much that it took them zero discipline I don't think that's a realistic person I think that anyone that does anything It gets to a point where the only thing that drives him to do that extra percentage is discipline So I guess I will stick with it. Yeah, so I guess the question if you want to kind of relate it to like a real person So you know a person who again just like loves it right just loves what they do Of course they're gonna have some discipline because they're gonna have some days that they don't love it or whatever Like are they would you consider a discipline person in their in their field? Yeah, but we've also talked about this before just people that are very disciplined in one field and completely undisciplined Other fields. Yeah, so so it's kind of an indicator that that might not really be technically disciplined Technically they got the practice again. I don't think it's hours Do your work if you like it. That's great if you don't like it Here's a pairs of indicator if you if you don't like doing it. Well, what are you doing it for? If you don't even enjoy it I mean the end right? Yeah, it needs to to the end or whatever means to an end But if you're gonna dedicate level 12 to something that you don't even enjoy I think that's kind of problematic. I think you're right too Next question when you realize that nothing will change in the leadership do you tap out and move on or Continue trying to be a good leader to your crew who deserves it. That's definitely a question that It requires a little bit more Information to give a good answer to you know because what's the situation can you be is there an opportunity that you could become the leader longterm Because that totally changes the outlook right if if you could if you could do a good job and step up and move them to a more senior leadership Position where you could take even more turns or take even more care of the crew Well, then that's a positive thing and it might be worth hanging out for also Is it a complete dead end like is there no possibility It's a family owned business and all the senior leadership is related to the family and you're not part of the family and you're never have a chance That that changes the prospect. I mean obviously that's like okay, well, maybe it's not worth taking another If you leave can you leave where you can give open the opportunity for other people to go where you're going right which is not a good thing in terms of You know You're not being very loyal. You're being anti loyal. You're being Unloil disloil if you do that but if the leadership that you're working for isn't taking care of the people Then you you have to have some loyalty to the people you work with so there's that I think that You you you have to assess everything that's going on in the situation which which is not Evident in this one quick question. I would say this to like don't blind side your boss Right, that's something that if you're gonna leave leave on good terms Explain to what's going on also that can be an opportunity to start a conversation about how the leadership could Implude prove a lot of times people don't want to change anything until it really Smacks him in the face and one of the things that smacks him in the face is when one of their good people comes in and says hey look I I'm gonna leave because of these reasons and again you don't On the exit interview or on those conversations you don't just drop dime and make everyone make it out to be this horrible situation It's a here some things that I've noticed here some things that I would want to change here's the direction that I see the company going And this is the direction I think it should be going and for these reasons I've decided I'm gonna go try you know trying my hand somewhere else I think if you'd be open like that it can start some good conversations and possibly you could make some progress Or Possibly you could confirm your suspicions which are no one wants to change no one wants to do anything different and if that's the case And you realize it's dead end for you. Yeah, you gotta take that option You can't beat your head against the on the 40 you know you can beat your head against the wall 47 times on the 48 Time it's like okay, I need to do something different. So pay attention to that Next wish What could we all learn from tenacious D that most people overlook You know Create a cool question. It is a critical question, but there's actually a real a real legitimate answer that and that is that tenacious D who's a a very funny group of individuals Jack Black is one of them who's a musician and a comedian and an actor and Kyle gas is the other member What's what's great about them is they don't take themselves too seriously and I think that's the lesson The Lord is don't take yourself too seriously have some fun and Don't take yourself too seriously, there it is yeah And I would say there's difference between taking yourself Seriously and being serious so you know how like Being serious is like okay, you're not necessarily joking all the time But taking yourself too seriously is like you know if like a joke is made about you Or you can laugh at yourself for that kind of stuff. Yeah, sure so you can be serious all the time You be a serious person and not take yourself too. That is true and that's a good that's fine That's fine the person you don't want to be is the person that takes themselves too seriously all the time Yeah, that's a problem so inversely I guess could you be too Like could you be a very not serious person but take yourself too seriously? Could you be a very serious? No, it's not so could you be a very like joking? Not serious person. Yeah, for sure. And it's like that's the person that you can dish it out but you can't Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Let's see if let's see what you did there Next question unless there's anything more from tenacious D no, you know maybe some good songs we can In Sparado, right? That's from tenacious D that's right. I got to give a warning that language is not appropriate for kids with tenacious D and nor some of the subject matters So be careful with that The warning next question you mentioned you rarely pay play closed guard Rarely is this just a personal preference I would say that it is somewhat a personal preference right because there's definitely some people that Intentionally play closed guard that's their game But at the same time in order to attack even from the closed guard most the time you have to open your guard So therefore your guard is open so open guard. Mm-hmm. That's kind of what I do Skip the step of opening my guard, but you've been in people's guard that have really good close guards. Yes. Yeah, it's not fun No, and that's why I try not to let people close their guard. Yeah, because You know, you can prevent that from happening. Yeah, there's people that have really really solid psycho closed guard So I'm not anti closed guard and some people are great at it My personal preferences to play more open guard. Yeah Yeah, it's one of those things where close guard if you're not a person who always plays closed guard or whatever it can be Just something that you kind of use for specific situations, you know like if you're trying to maybe Read Regain some energy or something like that you want to rest a little bit or even in like a self defense like a striking scenario like a close guard My yeah, Mike no the closed guard is there's no doubt that closed guard has Viable purpose and it's good and I do use it as I'll use it a lot Yeah, and if you're a taller lanky guy close guard. It might be a little bit short Fat legs that you know, you know, close my close guard is like my toes are touching If I think on the side of the person yeah, and actually where it stems from if you went to the root of it is it stems from Footlocks so you close your guard when your guard opens your vulnerable and that there's a moment where you're vulnerable And if you're training with guys that have really good full locks That's not a good situation so that's where I started not closing my guard because it was always that transition period where My feet were vulnerable so I just stop closing my guard and kept it open and move my fit feet towards me to get in a little bit safer Next question. We got time for one more. Yes Yo, Jaco what's the best way to include? Yo, Jaco what's the best way to increase ones confidence? You want to increase Your confidence. I'll tell you what I think What you do if you want to increase your confidence is You do Jaco You work out you get stronger You read and you study and you learn and you get smarter and and then you practice Speaking and you practice Speakings that you can become more articulate and then you practice some more and then you Then you do hard things Things that are challenging Things that are tough and then you get tougher you don't quit That's what you do and then you stand up straight with your with your head high and then you're chin up and you're chest out And at the same time You also stay humble Because you don't know everything and there are people That are better than you are at some things people that are smarter than you and they're stronger than you and faster and more athletic than you And they have more money and they got better looks and they're funnier But all that is okay It's actually okay because There are things that are more important More important than being strong and smart and athletic More important than all those things Things like loyalty honor will Things like courage The courage to stand and the will to keep going And to do the right things for the right reasons And if you know If you know you won't give up And you know you won't give in and if you test yourself and you fail But you know you're gonna get back up again if you know that If you know that Then you know that your character is strong and that's what matters And that right there Is all the confidence you need And I think that's All I've got for tonight So echo yes speaking of being stronger Yes and faster and doing GJ2 sure and learning and just being on the path overall Maybe you could give us some information on how we can effectively efficiently move down that path yeah Support and support ourselves support ourselves in support others. That's really ultimately really what it is Makes it it'll mutually supporting. Yes, so I will talk about our company a little company in main called origin Origin main dot com this is where you can get Jocco superkro oil is for your joints omega 3s Omega 3s have a lot of benefits valuable benefits But the ones that I personally Have reaped Reaped benefits you just can't reap the foot and carry the food So watch out for that but If you are in the reaping mood reap some benefits of Jocco superkro oil by way of your joints being healthy Big deal when you're super young like young 18 1920 all of it died say like maybe 27 maybe I don't know maybe older This is less of a factor but at the end of the day your joints are healthy You're gonna be in a way better spot way better spot Then you would be if they're not also another Supplement called joint warfare this one I mean they all have anti-oxidant stuff in them But joint warfare has glucosamine and conjoined This is for what like cartilage a tendon type stuff and curcumin curcumin Yeah, so you put those together boom the ultimate joint supplements big deal huge deal like you can be super strong And be lifting and but you got to warm up like for 20 sets just because your joints are all like stiff and whatever Say say buy to that problem you take these There it is boom joint supplements get on it go to orgime.com Also another supplement called discipline this is for your brain Make your brain work better. It's nutrients for your brain. That's what it is and also nutrients for your body So it's a pre-workout. It's a pre study. It's a pre mission supplement called discipline Get down same place orgimeen.com Taste good to by the way is other flavor out when is other flavor out? Well we're making it right now so soon yeah A little further than soon soon to me is worth yeah like a little more distant than soon Yeah, but we're working on like when you're shipping yeah, that's soon to me and it's penal call out of by the way I'm sorry sorry I got a different name for it Yeah, coconut no, I got a better name for it. I got it later later later. Okay secret name because I'm not sure it's lethal or not The name okay guys you haven't mind all right cool. We're all very excited about the name and the taste and you know whatnot pineapple coconut is the working title Working title There you go Cognitive and physical force my multiplier good on also milk. Okay, so milk I'm gonna say the word protein powder, but I'm not saying milk is protein powder Yeah, if you want some additional protein You can let it get it that happens to taste really really good like a mint chocolate milkshake Not a diet milkshake like a mint chocolate milkshake and you want protein take milk taking every day If you want to my buddy sent me a text he goes yeah, I saw that mole cad Probiotics in it I think even better and he said I he said so I just wondered it cuz I need some yeah, and he's like That stuff is good. I said yeah, I know yeah, I know and he's like yeah, it's awesome. So anyways making the super size milk Shake yeah, hey, man. I can relate cuz that's literally what I do yeah, no I could tell when you got on the mole Train because you're attitude changed. Yeah, you know you went from like oh yeah, and we've got more could it's good blah blah blah blah To when you were like hey It's got a game changer. Yeah, you know it's it's so filling what is it like so filling Feeling like like when you eat it you just feel completely on your drink it you feel Seachy it That's why you know you know the term meal replacement yeah, like only got a meal replacement This isn't supposed to be A meal replacement it's not supposed to be the intent was an okay replace But what happens is if you have it like yesterday I had one in the in the afternoon. I had a light launch which was crap. I had a crap launch crap like not Not healthy not healthy Little off the path so I was feeling like okay and then so in the a little later than that I said you know I'm just gonna have some more great now to do reset the path and then I got home from You jutsu last night six hours later Didn't even barely eat anything for dinner because I was still full. Why is that? Amen, it's um feeling Yeah, I guess that's why it's five days Satisfied you're a multiple front. Yeah, yeah plus it's like all I'd like to come come on you kind of knew that it was the mall Can you relax solid you felt good about that you were satisfied about that that's probably a big you know factor So it's not supposed to be a meal replacement but that's not what it was engineer Yeah, it was an engineer for but it turns out that if you have it you won't be that hungry because you be so full yeah Yes, too for milk. Yeah, so it's so it's so different we had to create a different word for it Yeah, man that's gonna be in the Oxford English dictionary soon sure it will it'll be oh it'll be They'll have to define it in the OED you know the OED is Oxford English dictionary. Yeah, yeah, that's the real deal right there. That's the big one. Yeah, that's the Big one that's the mother of all dictionaries must be must be it is yeah, there's no must be that dang and milk is gonna be in there You say all right, we'll put it in there. I won't you have to petition for it because people are just gonna start That's all it's just gonna be yeah, yeah, it's just gonna be how and really that's how words get in the dictionary No, I know it's just so easy. Yeah, just keep using it and here's the good thing about that word not to go off on too much A tangent but a will and I don't when doing it with this situation. Yeah, milk is an actual legitimate situation Mulk it's milk, but it's not like the word e-regardless and you know, you're like misusing the word because they're not you know Educated on that specific word the user regardless their friend uses their neighbor use it their whole Meets are gonna get in there too. Oh, Pahana is a Hawaiian word. I know, but maybe we'll get it into the English dictionary But it's not English because that's a thing Know the the English dictionary is not filled with words that are only English the whole English language Right up of other words got your console I can get Pahana in there right and milk. Yeah, well petition we can't petition you don't petition to get him in there You actually just use the words so like the word forte I wonder if that's my forte when people start trying to rip off milk It'll be like hey we use your ox me a copy of that right but it'll just be the they'll just be the way Yeah, yeah instead of a new thing Yeah, like I'm gonna you know first I'm gonna work out and then like I'm just gonna Yeah, oh you picked me up some milk from the store People say well what kind of milk do you want right and then won't be just be talking about because it'd be nine different brands of milk Okay, you're from the kind of the east way is New England East coasts that technically fairs it can say okay, so Do you grow up in a place where they say coax or pop we call it soda. Okay, so yeah, we call this little to so I So okay, that's normal to me in you know as far as my experience goes and then there's pop You've heard pop. Yeah, yeah pop that's like the Midwest okay. Oh, hi-o and then there's coke. Yeah. Yeah, like coke It's not breaking. I get a coke. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, right You know what I had to do this uh when I was going to college I had to it they wanted us to get the words For what okay, what do you call if you get an ice cream cone and you get little flavored tiny bits all over it What do you call those little flavored bits? Oh, sprinkle okay sprinkles that's that's one of the standards There's a there's some people that call them jimmies. Okay, okay my wife's ring one And so I did this to her So we had that we had a bunch of words that were broken out that people call different things like soda pop What it like what do you call this what do you call that where you from what do you call this what do you call that? I did this with my wife and I actually luckily recorded it because I knew it would be interesting How do you record it like on a tape recorder? No kidding tape recorder. Oh, yeah, and then I go and I so I asked my wife you know, what do you call the things that you put on an ice cream cone that are Little different colors and they're a little tiny bits of sugary candy. What would you call those and she without Missing to be because hundreds and thousands Hundreds and thousands I started laughing kind of a mouthful hundreds and thousands. Yeah. Yeah, there's no sugar and then I said because okay, what do you call? Ham Manays lettuce on a long bun That's what do you call that yeah sandwich is that me? There's no specific but I get it. I don't we call it a hogey okay, but I don't know like a sub sandwich Okay, so we used to call the grinder. Yeah That's like a new England grind to get it. I want to get a grinder But my my wife calls it a bap Bap bap hand-bap and this It's like I said what do you call that thing and she's like oh, it's a bap hand-bap cheese bap Anyways, and what's that just a long sandwich like a long look at the subway sandwich Yes, sub club sub so it's a point people are just gonna say mook and that's gonna have a meaning Yeah beyond just what we have right now Yeah, because people will be making it everyone's gonna be trying to make it sure sure It's gonna be just so kind of you know what's gonna be it's like oh you'll have it's gonna replace let's say replaces lunch like so oh like oh Yeah, three meals a day breakfast mook and dinner Right, oh, what are you gonna have? Oh, yeah, hey, they're gonna come over from mulk later on Yeah, right, hey, you guys coming over tonight to have some mulk and watch the game. I have some mooks. Yeah, right Yeah, you're gonna look on kids elementary school schedule would be like boom, you know recess and then you know 1130 mulk and then you know Bullon history you know, yeah Got you Yeah, that's where it's going the horns gonna sell mook break Yeah, yeah, oh, Hannah let's go get some milk Moons for some it's palana. Yeah, that's what I said a lot of times on that my part of the island we called it a little bit No, right right that's I can I got you man. I have the new England how I All right, so that's mook Mook, okay boom Yeah, that's a good get your you get your hands on some of that you're good. Yeah, palana and I didn't and it means Finish work means when you're done work your pile. Oh, I know exactly what it did come on this for the people Maybe they did you know you know, but yeah, but if you say pal p a you yeah Sounds like pio pio w like pal pal. That means finished Little yep direction for sure are you pal? Yeah, are you finished? Hey, I pal. Yep. I'm finished. Definitely. Yep, how do I use that? Hannah means like you do like you're doing No, you're doing it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, if you say Hannah hope that means let's do it again You know whatever it is or like if someone usually they say well a common place they say it is like if a band is playing and it's like a Dope song and they killed it. They say Hannah home means like They can't play it again. I remember yelling that when I was a kid or if you go Or if you could do something fun and you guys are done you say your go buy this to your friends and you say what tomorrow Hannah home means you and do that thing tomorrow It's good again. Yeah, unless back to origin our company Origin made a mech up by the way this stuff good stuff Including geese for Gjitsu starting to jitsu ask ask me ask jockel whatever if you if you ask me or jockel what Gigi get here it is on Compromised not uncompromised no exception No exception that I can take of anyway You get an origin Gigi for many many reasons. I'm not gonna go into all of them But they are made in America and they're made for jjitsu sounds weird right like a 40 minutes a jjitsu get it Gits made for jjitsu yeah Not as much as the origin geek. That's the thing you have a jjitsu guy who is an expert in textiles manufacturing Something fashion I know I know but it's part of it and he's like you know what? I'm gonna make a geek for jjitsu for doing jjitsu in You know not just hey again, which is cool and you can use a rigiditsu. Let's make a bunch of blanks and whatever brands can buy them from us And you know just kind of this thing and we'll ship into them in the US no, it's not that Pete made jjitsu geese for jjitsu shape for jjitsu Wove in for jjitsu. That's that's important part. Yeah, so when you put it on you do the jjitsu Yeah, and when you put it in the dryer it actually dries Yeah, which is even so this is totally different So this gui these guis all of them perform when you do jjitsu and when you're not jjitsu Yeah Boom there it is and all made America didn't I mention that everything even the threads or made in America even the cotton is growing in America No, yeah, most of us already know that but I'm gonna say it again because almost don't necessarily know that no, we do It's pretty cool when you're putting on a gui and you know the people that actually Made it yeah, that's what you did it yeah Very supporting when you're when you know you're supporting the economic growth of this country Yes, and at the same time you're getting the best possible gui you can get yeah I'd say that's 100% positive. That's a win-win across the board and everyone's kind of in the game together You have that additional like additional feeling situation. That's my opinion. That's my experience anyway Also rashguards these are good rashguards by the way While you're then getting good good rashguards. Is that just a matter of opinion? Okay, or do you mean not come look at the rashguards? You'll like one Get one of those boom Also the immersion camp jjitsu immersion camp one of the best ways to learn anything Including but not limited to jjitsu is Divers to yourself in it. So immersive yourself in jjitsu you can on August 26 Two sessions you can go from the 26 27 28 29 and then the second session the 30 of through the second September second or you can do it all either way. More self-induced do dean is going is dean going. Yes, so dean list is going Jocca's going I'm going Lave's going. Lave's going babin is going Dave Burke's going good deal Dave and jp's going So Maybe Mike and Flynn as far as the echelon front. Yeah, my team Maybe you may be not no, I'm telling they're not so maybe not no not not going okay Gotcha, I understand now. Okay, either way we're all gonna be there and if the question it is I don't have any jjitsu at all Jjitsu at all do I go to jjitsu camp? Yes, yes, yes, and he's going to look okay and he's a very cool train hardcore for ADCC And oh yeah somebody asked if if there's an is there a chance to go see the factory where everything's made Yes, and the answer is affirmative middle the week when's day in between jjitsu sessions go to the factory You know get to see everything get to meet the people that make everything. It's awesome. Yes, very much so That's a little hangout spot too. Last time where they were kind of hanging out there for a little bit Yeah, yeah, I'm just gonna fun But yeah, it's a good one that's gonna be a good one eat some lobster too if you like lobster I don't know some people don't like like lobster so whatever maybe that's not the draw. Yeah, you some to take boom All good good camp camp echo Lake layers Hmm in Maine, I'll see you there also for fitness gear on it.com slash pickle good kettlebells on there The best kettlebells better opinion my opinion. Yes, 100% The only kettlebells I have on it kettlebells, and I think I have more or less all of them all Mixed the Disney tiny small ones in one Series or all of them all of them all of them all of them all of them all. You have a zombie one zombie one Well, some of them were sold out. So aside from the sold out ones. Yes. Oh, actually I don't know Star Wars ones yet You're getting them, but here's the same way. They ask you so that's a thing you just don't care if it's just in the game Yeah, a little bit. You get different inspired for Boba Fett Yes, see if there's a no one go, but here's a here's the thing on the honest like if I do have the same weight Maybe I'll get one in one, you know, because I have double of everything But wait double meaning four two You can't talk yeah, too each one free channel, you know, you do the double of the whole hand at situations. Yeah, those are dope Good thing to about on it.com that website is the information on there Health various philosophies and pursuits of You know exercises and workout programs like depending on what you want to do stuff like that good information about the products to also Sox I know seems like a small deal, I know, but I just got some in their dope and they're kind of like You know how like when you're going through the airport right you got to take off your shoes Some of us some of us you know, I know I get it some people. They don't got to take off the shoes But when you got to take off your shoes and you kind of have your socks one time So I was going through I had the on it socks on I felt kind of some it cuz it felt dope because they're kind of dope They looked dope, you know Seems like a whole situation. Yeah, Brad get some socks and go travel report back Anyway, on that dot-con slash chocolate let a real good stuff on there Improved yourself also when you are shopping or or when you're gonna shop for any of the books that chocolate recommends Including chocolate books by the way extra ownership the updated one way the worry kid both of them Dislinicals freedom field manual best kind of field manual or best kind of manual by the way field manual Kind of you can read in the field anyway when you're shopping for any of these books I kind of organized on jockelpodcast.com Jockels books are in the front page right there kind of in plain view Marie decided what type of the way but this is gonna stay the same I have a page though Jockel podcast books or books from the episodes what it's called anyway Top man you click on there. They're all organized by episode Authors listed there with the title boom click through there boom good way to support by the get your books Get your other stuff from Amazon whenever you're getting Good way to support People don't think that's a big deal it's a big deal Just that small little action There's a big reaction kind of like remember Drop in a piece of sodium in water People have been reminding me of that analogy recently You know we haven't talked about it in a while you Jumped piece of sodium in water it explodes huge small action by dropping a small little thing big reaction So you Fair enough there you go revisit that one anyway also Subscribe to the podcast if you haven't already on iTunes In stichor in google play and we'll or where relative is in a podcast a lot of podcast apps so subscribe good way to support also subscribe on YouTube For the video version of this podcast it's something in what I call an important The video version sure if you want to know what talk it looks like if you don't know or you want to know what I look like if you want to know what the guests look like Because that I think Is gonna peak your curiosity more so does my opinion anyway point there is video version of the podcast also excerpts on there will put on there You know for you know you want to share some lessons that jocco talks about with your friends online email the tool whatever Facebook whatever and you know they're more likely listen to a little excerpt then maybe a three-hour podcast on something And sit through that one lesson you wanted them to learn you see them saying you know a YouTube subscribe if you want Good way to support also jocco as a story it's called jocco store This is where you can get the shirts the very shirt the jocco is wearing right now You could have that exact shirt if you were if that even means anything to you But I think the shirts are cool discipline equal freedom get after you know you want to represent in your part of the world in the field in the wild That's the weekend jocco store.com this wind stuff on there as well and patches hats two can hats truckers and flex fit. They're good. They came on good. I think So go on there. Let me know what you think think they're good get something If you don't think they're good. Let me know how I can improve a weekend improve collectively The hat situations people are very vocal We invite them to be vocal if they think of a Product or a shirt design or something and I encourage that Also rashcards on their good cool rashcards 19% increase in performance what we used to preach you know what I'm not going to continue preaching that also Psychological warfare. I'll tell you what this is if you don't know It's an album with tracks of jocco on there each track not singing he's saying stuff and there's what he's saying if you're having okay If you're having we a moment of weakness on your kind of pursuit your campaign against weakness You haven't tried but wake up waking up in the morning every once in a while or you're you're feeling you don't feel like working out I know who you know that if you don't feel like working out you still work out That's the deal you still work out even you don't but everyone's about you really don't feel like doing it or You're so caught up in this other thing and you kind of play games with your mind You're like you know what I could skip the workout and it's justified literally justified because I would get this other work done Then I'm working on right now That's another one But you listen to this jocco jocco will tell you this track when we think one of the tracks on the album you listen to it Jocco will tell you why you shouldn't skip the workout I guess what you won't skip the workout 100% effective psychological warfare is what it's called jocco willing It's on iTunes or Amazon or whatever you can buy it wherever you buy MP3s That's where you can get it good way to support check also you can get Jocco white tea you can get it dry in little tea bags and that's cool and now you can also get it in a can cans of jocco white tea Taste really good and More important gives you an 8,000 pound deadlift which is you know not a big deal, but it's something yeah, so No more of the sugar filled chemical-laced crappy energy drinks those are gone no more Those days are over instead it's time for jocco white tea in a can Books you mentioned them way the warrior kid series Getting kids on the path now discipline hard work respect The path to getting stronger smarter faster and better and if you don't believe me if you don't believe me Check out my my social media check out my Twitter and you'll see kids kids Working out cleaning the rooms voluntarily studying voluntarily doing book reports voluntarily check it out. It's awesome You can See it there get your kids on the path get your neighbors kids on the path and get your your nieces and nephews on the path Also a path of a warrior kid that's all about hard work You can go to Irish Oaks Ranch dot com and get some soap made by warrior kid Aden he started his own business. I got some still it's good to go He gets it from goat milk. Yeah, let me add that so the again I said this before it's important to understand to it with you know how you get like the year neighbor Whatever they make their little designer soap Maybe they looked it up on YouTube or how to make it or whatever they put their perfumes in they wrap it up in nice little net wrapping with a little ribbon It's cool. I dig it I dig it But you don't really ease that soap, you know, it's like all right. I'm not gonna use all of them. Thanks. You know, I got a soap decorative piece Whatever it's not that kind of soap Oh, it's legit so you go use soap. I didn't even think to say that because I thought everyone knew I Got no people get suspect because he's young kid Maybe or you just hear like oh special soap. I don't then depend on your experience. I'm sure people don't give you decorative soap items. No, they don't regularly No, okay, but good thing about this soap from my opinion. It's all about function and this soap will help you stay clean The discipline equals freedom field manual you can give the gift of discipline You know if you know someone that's like sort of maybe got to foot off the path That's a person that's right before you this political freedom field manual. Yeah, that's a person that you go. Hey, man It's got this book, man. Give it just take a look at it. Yeah, just take a look at it Well, yeah, doesn't look normal. No, it looks actually pretty dope. Yeah, and then they read something And then they say you know what I don't know Get some back on the path if you want the audio version of that it's discipline equals freedom field manual. It's It's not an audible it's on iTunes Amazon music Google play other MP3 platforms That's where it's at also for leadership extreme ownership is the leadership book For the battlefield for business and for life now the audible version of That is available on audible and it is me reading it and it's life-baden reading it Otherwise known as Texas Batman because he talks it. How you doing? So if you want to hear us read it not just reading it, but there's also sound effects some sound effects We didn't go overboard even though we were tempted We had to pull the reins a little bit But I don't know why I didn't very talk about this very much, but yeah, check it out the audible version of that book Also do September 25th the follow on book to extreme ownership It's called the dichotomy leadership. It's available for pre-order right now Amazon Barnes and Noble local bookstore If you want that first edition version, which you do Then order it now that way the The publishing company whose lagging doesn't get it Live in the stone ages they won't print enough and then you won't get a copy It'll take an extra week. They got to print more like happen with the warrior kid books like to happen with the first extreme ownership like happen with this Manico's freedom field manual They ran out if you pre-order they won't run out so pre-order And if you need support at your business or your team we have Ashilon front It's me, Lathab and JP to know Dave Burke our website is Ashilonfront.com and we solve problems through leadership That's what we do all the problems you have in your business in your team and your organization the problems that you have all of them are leadership problems All of them That's a bold statement to make isn't it? Yes, and it's factual You're not going to solve those problems through spreadsheets You're going to solve those problems through leadership so Let us know if you need some help and of course there's the master We've done five monsters so far all of them sold out the last one we did in DC was nuts. It was awesome Lot of knowledge that's getting put out lot of intensity There's one more monster in 2018. It's a mr. 0.0 or six in San Francisco October 17th and 18th it is going to sell out as well. It'll get mad And you can't go because it's sold out Going register extreme ownership.com and also for current military law enforcement firefighters paramedics Border patrol other first responders We got roll call 001 September 21st in Dallas, Texas. It's a focused one day leadership training seminar And it's aimed at people in uniform then you can also register for that at extreme ownership.com And until the master in San Francisco or the roll call or the immersion camp in Maine If you want to maintain contact with us You can't find us on the into webs echo is at echo Charles and I am at jocca willink and to those of you that are wearing the uniform out there on the front lines Right now thank you for Keeping evil at bay and the vets that have already served. Thank you for doing your share and to the First responders police law enforcement firefighters paramedics border patrol Thanks to all of you For staying ready staying alert staying strong and keeping us safe Here at home and to the families of all that serve. Thank you for your sacrifice As your loved ones serve us and to the rest of you out there Thanks for listening Thanks for supporting you actually make this podcast possible so thank you, but Never mind all that thanks for doing what you do every day. Thanks for waking up early and staying up late. Thanks for putting in the hours the long hours grinding Working Making things happen standing up when the hard times come And they come You're not alone the hard times come to all of us and when they do Stand up Grit your teeth And get after it Until next time This is echo and jockel out