 This is Jocopodcast number 177. With echo-trolls and me, Jocco-Willink. Good evening, echo. Good evening. A few days later, when I walked downstairs to go work out, I saw Uncle Jake's bag packed up sitting by the door. That's when it hit me. The summer was almost over and Uncle Jake was leaving again. I went out to the garage to work out and Uncle Jake was already there. Last workout with me for the summer, he said with a smile. I can't believe it's over already. Summer always goes by so fast, I told him. Yes, it does. Uncle Jake said quietly. And life does the same thing. I wasn't sure what Uncle Jake meant by that. So I asked, what? You'll see Mark. He said, life goes by quickly, like a summer day. It never seems that way when you're young. But when you get a little older, you'll see life goes by fast. It's on waste any time. You don't get a second chance. Uncle Jake stood for a minute looking at me with a serious face. Then he gave me a little smile and said, speaking of wasting time, let's stop wasting time and get this workout done. He jumped up on the pull-up bar, grabbed hold and started knocking them out. And that is a little excerpt from the last chapter. You need a new book, the latest edition of the series Way of the Warrior Could Kid Book Three. The subtitle of the book is where there is a will. And I wrote that part of the book because I wanted to let kids know as early as possible that that is the truth that life goes by like a summer day and that life is short. And if you remember when you are kid and summer, you get out of school for the summer and it seems like you have all the time in the world. It seems like summer vacation is going to last forever. And then all of a sudden it's blur and you look up and as soon as summer vacation has started, all of a sudden it's over. That's what I remember about summers. And that's the truth. And that's what life is like about a year and a half ago, September 29th, 2017. And September 29th is the same Michael's day. That's the day that Mikey Montsour was killed in Ramadi in 2006. So on September 29th, 2017, I woke up and I was thinking about that. And I was thinking about Mikey. Later that day, I think I was actually heading up to Rose Crans National Cemetery where Mikey is buried and I was going to go and visit Mikey's grave and while I was on my way up there, I got a call and I found out that one of my mentors, one of the guys that raised me in the Sealteams, a guy named Master Chief Mike Fakity, he had died. He had been in a pretty hardcore battle with lung cancer. Even though he was a non-smoker, even though he was a traff, even though he worked out all the time. He got this form of lung cancer and originally the doctors told him he was going to live for six months. But that was in, I think, 2012. He had retired in 2001. And I sit there thinking about faculty and actually BTF Tony talked about him, called him Fak when he was on the podcast because we all called him Fak. But I remembered just a bunch of different things about Fak and one of the things that I remembered was I had come back from my third deployment. So this is in the 90s, back in the day. And I had done my third deployment and I had been moved into the training department at Sealteam 1. So instead of doing a work up and going on to the deployment, the way the team used to be set up, you would go into training cell and the team trained itself. The training department at Sealteam 1 trained to the platoon at Sealteam 1. Later it became that we had a big centralized training command. That's what I ran before I got out before I retired, I ran that the trade at on the West Coast. But it used to be each team had their own training cell and that's how you would train platoon to get ready for their deployments. And of course, nobody really wanted to be in training cell because it meant you couldn't go on deployment. And that's why you joined the Sealteam. This is the go on deployment. For whatever reason, we'd, in a bunch of us from my platoon that I'd gone through Buds with a bunch of guys we'd all done three platoon. And we all kind of got thrown into training cell at the same time. And we'd been in there for a couple days, I mean maybe less than a week. We'd come back from deployment, we'd get put into training cell. And I kind of forget what happened. But a couple guys that were getting ready to deploy got hurt. In fact, it might have been guys that got hurt as soon as they got over there, maybe they didn't go into deployment. The guys that went and replaced us, all the sudden they needed a couple guys. And that quarters in the morning, that's when at Sealteam won, they used to have quarters in the morning where you all'd stand up and line up. Sort of like your typical military formation, everyone would kind of line up and buy platoon and the platoons would all report in. That was an old school team won deal right there. And then if there was any important announcements to make, then the announcements would get made and then everyone would go about their day. Well, the announcement that got made that morning was, hey, we need two guys to go on deployment. Is there anyone here that feels like going on deployment or can go on to deployment? And of course, it's a big deal right to just pick up and go and leave for six months. And it was actually my roommate at the time who had been my roommate, who I went through Buds with and who I did three platoons with. I went through Sealteam tactical training with them. And we were actually roommates that entire time. So we were, we were tied to my brother. And when they asked this question of, hey, does anybody here that can go on deployment like tomorrow or the next day? And basically out of the whole team, it was him and me. We raised our hands and said, yeah, hey, we'll go. Because at that time, we were just single team guys. We didn't have anything else. We literally had nothing else. So you could put our whole world into two cruise boxes and we could ship anywhere in the world. We didn't care. We had no attachments. We didn't care about anything. So of course, we raised our hands. And as soon as our hands went up, Master Chief Faculty gave us a glare because he was the guy that was in charge of training. So he gave us a glare and quarters ended and he goes, he said, hey, what's going to come with the stairs and talk to me real quick? And I was thinking, okay, we must have done something wrong. And sometimes you didn't know what you did wrong. But I mean, my buddy, we figured we'd done something wrong. So we went up there and actually, actually now, I think about what he brought us into the Chiefs mess. And we were like E4s, E5s at the time. And so go and get them pulled into the Chiefs mess. I'd never been in there before. And I was like scared thinking, what did I thought I did? I thought I left a trail of some crime. I'd committed it and now we're getting busted. And we get up there. And basically, he reamed us out. And he says, listen, you guys need to be in training. And he was making great points. I didn't recognize that time. You guys said, look, if you want to be professionals, if this is where you're going to learn a lot, we need good guys to be teaching the rest of the platoon. That's why you're in here. You're not going on deployment. You're going to get up and I'm pulling your names out of the hat and they'll find two other people that can go. We'll send some new guys over there, it doesn't matter. So that's what it was. That was this little story. It was funny because we were, it was just funny from multiple reasons when I thought back about it. Just the fact that you're in a point in your life. I think I was probably like 23 or 24 years old. And just think about right now if someone says, hey, can you just leave for six months tomorrow? I mean, there's not too many people. I can just pull up and do that. So there's that. There's the fact that, you know, faculty was bringing us into the cheese mess and we were all nervous about that. And then the fact that, you know, faculty, what he was actually doing was trying to look out for us and trying to look out for our careers and trying to look out for the seal team. He was trying to do the right thing. And it was, was one of those, one of those little stories. And there's just all these little stories like that that make up that whole era of my life, the whole time as a young enlisted guy at the tilting one, it's this whole bunch of memories. And when he died, I got this feeling that those memories, those, those days are over. They're going because at least partially because when faculty was around like part of those memories are facts memories, like only he could tell us what he was thinking at that time. And when he dies, when he died, then those memories are gone. And I can't ask them about them. I can't go and have a beer with them and talk about that time and hear his side of it, like, no, they're, they're not here. They're gone. And as I was again, going up to see Mikey Montsour at Rose Crans, and it's continued to think about that and think about the memories that Mikey had and how those are gone. But I didn't have too much time to dig into those thoughts because the next morning, September 30th, 2017, that's when I got word that the Delta Patoon Commander, my brother, Seth Stone Head died as well. I mean, I got my half of them, but it's half. It's incomplete conversations and jokes and guitar jams. And then on top of those, I get little, but Seth was incredibly smart and he gave me little ideas, little thoughts. But only the beginning, because there's millions of things to talk about and you think you've got your whole life to consider those things. But you don't. And I get that we can try and talk about them when we can try and write them down and we can do everything in our power to try and hang onto those things. But the fact of the matter is you can't. You can't preserve them in their true form. It's just gone. And as I thought about that and as I continued to think about that and try and figure out what can we do if we can't preserve these memories than what can we do. I think the best thing that we can do is try and make more. Try and make more. Make more memories. So keep in mind what Uncle Jakes had. Life goes by like a summer day. So you better take advantage of it. And you best to make yourself some memories along the way. And with that echo, it's been a little while since we did some Q&A. What do you got? We've got some questions from the inner webs. We'll go into it first question. What do you do when the boss always says we can't. But doesn't offer logical and reasonable alternatives to make positive forward changes. And what you want to do is do what they think is best and not listen to the boss. First of all, what we want to do is we want to support the boss. We want to build a relationship with the boss. What's the best way to support the boss? The best way to build a relationship is to prepare a performer. Be a performer. Inside the box, right? The boss said you can't do this. You can't do that. Cool. We're going to do the best we can inside the box. Once you do that, once you actually are a performer, then you have leverage. Then you can actually talk about a different way of doing things. You can bring up a legitimate idea to the boss. And they may have a better chance of listening to you. So that's what you got to do. You got to play the game a little bit. You got to be a performer. You got to do what it is, the way they want it done to the best of your ability. Be successful with it. And then once you've built up some cloud and some relationship and maybe a little political capital, then you can present a new idea. And when you present the new idea, have the facts lined up. Don't go in there. Half-cocked and present your idea. Hopefully it's clear. Now that's one. That's section A. Section B is, do you got to make things happen sometimes? You. And depending on how, like, it's that whole thing of it's better to beg forgiveness than ask for permission. That's a, it's a, it's a, it's a tool. It's definitely a tool. If you abuse it, you're going to get crushed. If it's one of those things where the boss has told you not to do something and you decide, well, I'm going to do it anyways. And I'll just beg for forgiveness. And they actually told you not to do it. That's not where you're supposed to use that tool. That's just, that's just, that's just unsat. That's that. That's that. If it's something where, well, I kind of suspect that the boss might not want it this way, but, you know, what chances are it's going to go in my direction and chances are it's going to be beneficial and chances are the boss might not even found out. And if the boss does find out, this isn't something that they've ever declared hostile on. Right? But you'll be okay in that situation to, to beg for forgiveness. But don't abuse that tool. And then what you do is you start, if, when you're inside the, hey, I'm going to beg for forgiveness, then you can start actually doing something in developing a standard operating procedure that makes sense. And then once you get it solidified, you go to the boss and say, hey, boss, we've been doing this a different way. I want to let you know, I want to show you what we've been doing. Because we, you know, you know, boss, we never really had a specific way of getting this done. And I know some other people did it like this. And some of the people did it like that. We came up with a methodology. I actually wrote the whole thing out for you. So you can see exactly what we're doing. Boom. Who's going to say no to that? Plus it's been successful 80 times. Boom. We're good. So, so that's what you want to do. That's pretty, pretty straightforward. Don't, don't just stray disobey the boss unless the boss is telling you do something that's going to get someone killed or illegal or whatever. But if they're just have a different idea or something, just go with it, execute it, become a good performer. And then once you have that relationship, you'll have all kinds of influence over your boss. Always had crazy influence over my bosses. I don't want to sound, I don't say in an arrogant way. I wasn't like I was manipulating my bosses. But my boss is like, I was honest with my bosses and they, I did good work. And so when I said, hey, boss, are we sure we should do it this way? They'd be like, what are you thinking? I don't think there's what I think and then we get shit done. So pretty straightforward. Yeah. Pretty straightforward. Yeah, that asking for forgiveness thing. It's risky move. You said a risky move, but sometimes it's a great move. Yeah, if you kind of like how you said, like, don't abuse it, where, you know, there's levels to it, where there's like little things. Or do you two levels? So like if you, if there's one that's like how you said, like, he told you not to do something. And this goes for like anyone, like, you're, anyone you're dealing with, like, even your friends kind of thing, you know, where they, if you know for a fact that they don't want you to do it. So that's why you prefer not to ask for permission because you know they can say no, but you know, like, you shouldn't do that. And you know that. But if it's the kind where it's like, like, in C, why he'd want to do it maybe this way, or maybe not even necessarily want to do this way. Because maybe he doesn't see the benefits that we see right now. But and he's close minded. He's, you know, he has that reputation. So let's sort of do it. I said, successfully. You know, kind of like, so then that's on the other side of the spectrum. You know, but some people men, they'll just like take it to level five or whatever. And you like, oh, yeah, they're going to hate this. But it's better to us for forgiveness and pressure because you know, to guarantee no and forgiveness, at least like, but probably you're going to damage the relationship if you do that. And stuff then you're going to get tightened down on. Yeah, like a wrap. Yeah, yeah, I'm on. Yeah, sure. Don't don't let that happen. Don't let that happen. Next question. I'm the youngest leader in my firm's history. I try and implement extreme ownership and default of aggressiveness in my team being so young, some of my elder subordinate, sometimes dismiss my directives. How do I lead those people effectively? Okay. So I actually hate when I get this question or questions like this because it means that I screwed up. That's what it means. I don't like to screw up. But when I see a question like this, it means that somebody has misinterpreted the message a little bit. They haven't read the dichotomy leadership for sure in my opinion. Because if you read the dichotomy leadership, you'll see that extreme ownership and default aggressive are supposed to be balanced. And so that's what's going on here. You got some of that's like, you know what? I'm going to take extreme ownership. Hey, we're doing this my way. This I'm the boss. I'm a leader. And that's just horrible. And everyone hates you. So bro, you're young. They don't hate you because you're young. They're not mad at you because you're inexperienced. They don't dismiss you because you are a decade younger than them. That's not why it's happening. It's happening because you are lacking humility. You haven't built up any relationship with these people. You haven't built up any leadership capital with them. You haven't asked them how they think they should do things. You haven't asked them what they've been doing for the last 22 years while you are going to middle school. Right? So come in, be humble. The best way to gain respect from people. This is what's hard to do. This is what's hard to understand. You want people to respect you? Ask them a question. Listen to what they have to say. Listen to their opinion. They come up with a good plan. Use their plan. The worst way to gain respect from people is to go in and demand respect from people. Is to go in and say, I'm implementing defaults. If you've not heard of that, you never read extreme ownership. Have you? I'll tell you what. That's the way we're doing it here. I'll get you a copy so you can read up and get on board with my program. These are all bad. So I'm not trying to say you sound just like that, but you might sound something like that. And you don't need to be too far off that. So appreciate that you're getting after it. But what you need to get after more is some balance. Be humble. Listen to the team. Listen to what they have to say. Ask for their input. Follow their input when you can. That's a little black belt move. It's a little black belt. It's actually a blue belt move. Blue belt purple belt move. Like, hey, my team gives me input. I listen to them. We actually, you know, hey, echo, how do you think? Which I think we should attack this target from the north. Okay, sounds good. Why don't we roll with that? That's a blue belt move, man. What's a white belt move? Negative. No, the white belt moves like, hey, echo. We're doing this. We're attacking this target from the south. You got any questions? And you're like, well, I think I could, from the north might be a little bit better. That might be what you think, but that's not what we're doing. Plus, I'm in charge. Because I got ownership of this whole thing. And I'm defalte aggressive. So, do what I said. So don't be that guy, man. Trying back off a little bit, trying to form. As a leader, you should be looking at, like, one of your primary goals. If you're primary goal, it's to form a relationship with your team, with the people in your team. So, get it done. I remember in jujitsu one time, Craig. Macintar, Craig, correct, Craig. Craig? Yes. He, he, yeah. He was teaching a move. and the move that he was teaching, he apparently got from me. And so he was teaching this move or whatever. And you know, sitting there, we're all. And he was teaching, he taught it a lot of way better than I could teach. Yeah, way better. In fact, he taught it I simply probably could not teach this move. And after he was done, he was like, hey, echo does this move really good to the class. Echo does it really, echo do you have anything to add to them? It was like, oh, no. Well, I don't remember if I did, I don't think I did. But just that feeling, you know, you included me in it, you know, and it was so empowering, you know. You know, it was, you know, in his mind. And I actually thinking back and in my mind, like that, that was kind of my move, you know? Your one move or it was a card pass move. Okay. Don't wanna always do to you. He spends all the time with me. But always. Yeah, but nonetheless, like, just how you say like how you ask their input kind of thing, it's like you include them in the thing that is not just asking it. It's actually receiving it and implementing it. Oh, that's the closure of the move. Man, that's the closure of the move. Right. Talk about like a feeling and grind it and me and Greg are good friends anyway. But I'm just saying like, you can imagine that situation how anyone would feel when you, especially if you're old in this little young but who does he think he is? They come to you, you're like, oh, hell yeah. Okay, this guy knows like, you know, we can do this together, you know? You can really get that feeling out of imagination anyway. That's what you wanna do, Mr. Youngguss leader in your firm's history. Thank you, Greg's on that. Yeah, congrats on it. You're getting after it. What got you there? May not get you to the next level. What got you there might have been like being aggressive and making things happen and stepping up. That's cool. But if you piss off everyone in your department, that's not gonna work out good friends. And they'll start to undermine you. They'll sabotage you. So you gotta be careful. Yeah, sure. Check. That's what I mean, okay. Is there a possibility that everyone in the department you got put in there to straighten things out? That's a different question. That's a different question. Let me tell you something else. When you're getting, when people are dismissing what you're saying, that's a horrible sign. One of the leadership books that we covered, the rule was, don't give commands that aren't going to be followed. Because every time you give a command that you know isn't gonna be followed, that's not gonna work out good for you. It's reinforcing the fact that no one needs to listen to you. So don't be giving orders that are being dismissed. If somebody doesn't do something, you go, hey man, I know that I might have come across a little wrong when I was talking about, getting this part of this task done. And I see it's still my done. Is there some support that you need for me? Is there some help that you need for me? Because this is important. I probably didn't do a good job of explaining why it's important, but it's actually connected to this larger project that we're doing over at headquarters. And this is our part of the task. And I don't think I explained that very well, but do you need anything else for me to maybe move this along? You can't just allow things to be for you to give directions and they just get blown off. Like that's not good. And what I'm not saying is, oh, you blow off my order now, I'm gonna go high order on you. But that's not what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah, that makes sense too, cause man, if I had a boss who I was primed to dismiss any of his directives, and it happened and it happened successfully. Like I dismissed it. And there was really no real repercussions. Oh, you've better believe I'm picking and choosing what I'm following. By the way, that's he's testing the envelope. Anyway, he's testing to see what he can get away with. But cause he sees your young buck rolling in here, things are gonna tell me what to do. Watch this, and listen to you. Okay, cool now if you fly off the handle and go nuts, you know what, you'll get them to do it immediately. And then guess what, you're gonna get undermined. You're gonna get you served to you, you're gonna get, they're gonna have the project fail just so they can get ready you. They're gonna laugh at you. Yeah, that's bad. As you're getting walked out by the HR department. So you gotta be careful, man. You gotta be careful. That's what I'm saying. Balance these things out. Balance extreme ownership. Get the book that caught on me leadership. That's what it's about. It's about being balanced. Cool. Next question, Joko. What do you do when people treat you like a door mat? And then when you finally put your foot down, they lose their minds. And I try to be agreeable, but there's a limit. When I stand my ground, people are act shocked in advice. Yeah, so this is actually kind of the same thing. Right? You need to be balanced because what's happened with this dude, I assume, is that sitting around, getting like a pushover, like a door mat, people are kinda walking all over. And then all of a sudden he does an instant 180 and goes, puts his foot down, right? And now you think that they're gonna do a 180. You think that they're gonna say, oh, sorry, I didn't mean to, oh, sorry, Echo, I didn't know that that offended you, I'm sorry. No, when you do that, they're like, what's wrong with you? Yeah, you just started tripping. Yeah, yeah, you're freaking out over nothing. So of course, when you stand there, ground, they're gonna be shocked, right? Which is what you're saying happened. This is like no surprise at all. So what you need to do is, is you gotta draw the line a little bit earlier but without going nuts. And I think I got a good example of how you do this. Okay, let's say you got a dog. And the dog is like kind of mellow and happy and just doesn't just all good. And then like all of a sudden, you know, you're walking by the dog one day and it bites you on the arm. Like big time. Yeah. Big time. How do you feel about that dog? Yeah, bad. That's bad. That dog's getting put down, right? Just move. This dog, let's say a bit one of your kids. Oh yeah. That dog's getting put down. Okay, so that's what this guy's doing. All acting all, like everything's like nothing bothering me and all of a sudden biting people. Right. Think about what a dog like a normal dog does. What a normal dog does is it's, if it starts getting offended a little bit or starts getting problems, it stands up a little bit, right? And then it's gonna grow. Now that's an indicator. So even a kid, even a child knows. I don't know what age but pretty young kids know that a growling dog is a warning. What else do dogs do dogs show their teeth? That's another warning, like hey, that's another line in the sand. And barking, right? Because you have to bark. And I mean, a dog barks you, you want to dog bark you, you got your attention, it's growling at you. You know what's gonna happen next. If you keep doing whatever it is you're doing, right? You're gonna get back away from that dog. Now if you did, if the bug dog get all those things to you and then it bits you, you'll still be mad at it but you at least know that you kinda had it coming, right? Right? Yes, sir. So, so there you go, that's what this dude needs to do, a little bit of. He needs to learn how to grow a little bit, how to bark a little bit, how to show your teeth a little, how to just stand up, post your correct. Because there's, you know a dog, if you know dogs at all, dogs have a posture and they have a posture and their ears are down and their tails down when they get fired up, boom, ears are up, they're on alert, they're back as they get the cackles can stand up and everything that means like, okay, that's even before growling, that's happening. Alert. So this dude needs to learn how to come to an alert and improve his posture in those moments, not when it's getting too far, but like when someone, when somebody gives you a little jab, you know, can't bite him. You gotta give a little growl. Yeah. Back him off a little bit, you know. And again, this is, I don't know you, you know? So it's hard for me to say some people just have a hard time dealing with when people harass them. Because I think the best thing to do when somebody makes fun of me is just to like, the heck, yeah, good one. You know, like, because, you know, just like we were talking about before we started this podcast, if I let you know that whatever you just said to me, bothers me, but I can expect you to just keep getting after that thing until I snap it. Right? So you gotta be careful. You don't wanna be all hypersensitive. The other thing to remember is, man, when people are making fun of you, it's not like they hate you most of the time, you know, it's not that big of a deal. Like people talk smack to each other, right? People talk smack to each other. And, and I guarantee this is this is a good way to think about it. If someone talks smack to you, if you, and then you both leave, let's say it's at work, you go home, the other person that was talking smack goes home. You go home, you're thinking about it. That person that was talking smack didn't think about it. One millisecond after he left the office, he was a care. He's not sitting there thinking about you, he's not thinking like, man, I'm really glad I told you that you know, he had a funny looking eyebrows. That was awesome. I can't believe a weirdest eyebrows are like, I mean, that's like he's not doing that. He's not doing that, right? He's not even thinking about it. He doesn't go home, he's carried on his life, carry on with your life. Don't get all tied up about what these other people are thinking of you. It's not that big of a deal. Don't sit around thinking about it. It's a perception that we have that the whole world revolves around us and that people are sitting around thinking about us all the time. It's like they're not thinking about you all the time. They don't care. They're at home. There's not too many people that are actually thinking about you all the time. Especially if they're making fun of you, like they're not thinking about that all the time. Just relax, take a wrap off and just try to have a little bit less tension and try and learn to grow a little bit or at least protect your space a little bit. These are kind of contrary contradictory things that I'm saying. One of them is like, hey, laugh at it. The other one's like, kind of learned to grow a little bit. I would say first, the first method is better. The first method is like, hey, just laugh it off. Don't worry about it. These people aren't thinking about you. They don't care. Probably it's like when we had Jordan Peterson, he was talking about his friend lunch bucket, lunch bucket, the guy that worked and as soon as everyone realized that a bothered him that they called him lunch bucket, they've just called him lunch bucket and then they quit because he couldn't handle it. So if someone calls you lunch bucket, you know, I call, yeah, my mom makes a good sandwich. Mom makes a pretty good sandwich, you know, and then both you break out the lunch bucket, like, you know, go with it. No, no factor. Yeah. You start freaking out about this stuff. It's going to drag you crazy. So yeah. So be careful. Don't freak out about stuff. If you have to learn to stand your ground a little bit, but don't just start snapping. Good dog. Like a rabbit dog. Yeah, that that that that is a good little escalation that example of escalating. Yeah, escalating. You know, the dog thinks he's because, you know, I mean, getting treated like a dormat that could look like a bunch of different things. You know, it's teasing. Yeah, that seems like the obvious one or whatever, but, you know, that could be a lot of stuff. Yeah, that could be like, hey, grab me some coffee. Yeah, right. Sometimes people just do that because you haven't ever said to him, like, you know, like, Hey, man, are you ever going to get me coffee? Yeah, you know, you just make a joke about something. Yeah, exactly. Like dealing with it. Like as a, you know, something bothers you. So then, and I could see this maybe happening because every once in a while, like, you know, you kind of run into these scenarios where like, someone does something that you, you don't really like or you don't, I don't appreciate the way they treated me right there during that scenario. And it sort of always happens, but it's too small to make a big deal out of it at that time. And when you're a agreeable person, you're just like, All right, I'm not essentially, I'm going to let it slide. Whatever, you know, but it happens again. Then again, but I'm agreeable. I'm letting it slide. How, maybe I'll even laugh it off, whatever. So to the other person, they're just like, whatever, they're just like, you said they're not thinking about other business and they're getting a laugh here and they're getting a laugh here and there, which instantly gets forgotten and whatever. They keep going about their business, no, no, no factor. Meanwhile, in my head, I'm like, man, this is, I'm getting tired of this. I'm straight up getting tired. So it happens one day, maybe I got a little less sleep that day or something. One routiney-tiny thing flying off the handle. Hey, I don't appreciate this, and this night you, you always do it in there like, do you always do this? Even if I did, I would, I didn't get any, so then you get this little reputation. People act shocked. That's the guy says, you know, when I stand my ground, it's the other person, it's kind of like, why are you standing in the ground right now? It doesn't make sense. Like, even if I did remember all the times I've done this, you were laughing the whole time. Like, it doesn't compute. You know what I'm funny now that I think about, I think about times in my life, like when I was younger, and someone would stand there ground on me or whatever. And I'd be like, why are you talking? I'd be the exact person that you're talking about saying, what are you talking about man? Like, I have no idea what you're talking about. Yeah. Why are you freaking out right now? Yeah. And then like you always say, I'm like, maybe I put together, okay, maybe I do make fun of you. Whereas now that I'm older, if someone was to freak out like that on me, I would instantly recognize, think of myself, like, you know what? I probably do things that I shouldn't. I probably, oh yeah, I kind of ride this person, and that's why they're freaking out right now. Yeah. A little bit more aware of my impact. Yeah. But in a way, you sort of had to, I mean, I'm sure you've sort of, you're sort of familiar with this, you know, even like painting that picture, it's like, it's obvious you're familiar with this, you know? Yeah. But when it's happening to you, you're kind of not. But then if you have to go back and do like some investigation of your whole like relationship with a person to understand, okay, now I see how that could have been interpreted back last year, and then maybe three months ago, and then maybe last week, and then like right now, okay, I'm after, you know, then it doesn't compute naturally. Yeah. So yeah, if you do that escalating dog, this thing, it'll be more clear, I think. Yeah. And you can say, it'll be an escalated dog, only escalate the dog scenario if you can't just have a good time with it and relax and not worry about it. Yeah. Which is the primary goal. Yes. But being treated like a door mat, like I said, like, if you know how, like, people are just so, you know, people up, people, please are type of person, like in a relationship or something, like, you know, like, I don't know, I can't think of an example, but can't have a movie reference that's very pathetic. Actually, I can't think of a bug as well. Anyway, if you're like a people pleasing, you do everything for, you know, and then they don't do it back, you know, kind of thing, like, oh yeah, you let your husband or wife or whatever, you let them go out every Saturday, just because they want you, they want to go play poker or, you know, one of these things, that what's the common thing that they do, and they do, and they come back, lay in your arms and go, but no, I'm going to be way worse than that. It'll be just total, like, whatever you need or want, you got it, and then like the one time, they say, hey, I want to go shopping on this, they be like, oh, shopping, well, you got to do this, you got to do this, you got to do this, you know, like that kind of, where it's like a disproportionate, like relationship, you know, kind of thing. Like that can, I can see how it can go down with those types of relationships. You know, like being a, you can't just laugh those things off in life, you know, you do have to do that, relationship, that's great. That's a little bit more serious. Yeah. True. That's great. Hey, Jockel, I'm a business owner in the beginning stages of merging with another company. The other company does it no much about what we do, but it has the sales and marketing, marketing we need. Just set a conference with, just set a conference, call with them, and it didn't go well. They're wanting to change the pay structure for contractors as well as change how we build our customers, all the, all for the benefit of money to change, you know, you know, save some money on that one. Is it not a good idea to have, have the primary mission be about money and more so on the success of the customer or is it good to be money motivated? I have and enjoy all your books. Oh, well, that's cool. It's a advice to be helpful. So that means you've read the decademy leadership. Well, because this is the answer of the day need to be more balanced. Okay. So if your money hungry, right, which is what this is sounding like, if your money hungry correct, if your money hungry, you're going to cut corners on product, the product is going to be weak or low quality. You're going to do wrong by the customer, right, because when you, when you get a chance to, you know, the customer, the customer placed in order, a double order by accident, they click the click thing twice and it will just, they're still going to have to pay that restocking fee. You know, whatever, like whatever the thing is, right, you treat customers like that and they're going to go, okay, well, we don't really want to shop with you anymore and you end up with a bad reputation and the quality is low and eventually, you have no one to business. That's what's going to happen. So, so no, we can't go hardcore money grubbing just, that's our, that's our focus. All the other end of this spectrum is, hey, we're paying our contractors too much. Can't it's that possible? Yes, it's possible. You're giving your customers too much, you're giving them too good of a price point. And guess what's now? We're going to happen. Same thing. You're going to not have a business anymore. So, one, you have a, your business goes out of business because you're, because you don't have any business anymore, because you've treated your customers bad and the contractors don't want to work with you. So, you have, you end up shutting down. This one's opposite. Everyone loves you. You don't have any money. So you're going out of business. So, there has to be some balance. You have to find the right balance. That's what every company is trying to do. Now, I would say that you, where you want to lean and this is probably what you're thinking. You want to lean toward taking care of the customer. You want to lean toward giving the contractors good value for their work. You want to lean toward high quality. The reason you want to lean towards those things is those are all long-term strategic payoffs. Right? What's the short-term? The short-term is taking advantage of the customers. The short-term is screw over the contractors. The short-term is put out low-quality stuff. We make good profit this quarter. Yeah. But it's a short-term win. It's a long-term loss. So, that's why I would say lean, don't go out of control. You can go out of control in that direction. But you can lean towards that direction. Now, as far as the new company, the merger and all this stuff, get it. I get it. Here's what's going to happen. What you need to go and build good relationships with those people. The new company, they need to be your best friends. Because if you build relationships with them, then you can have influence over these points. If you have an antagonistic relationship and you're the new guy or whatever. Oh, yeah. The new company. You think they don't, you're saying that they don't know what we do. What do you think they think? They think you don't know what they do. They're thinking, you know what? You don't even... Hey, you guys make good money. You can't sell anything. We got sales and we got marketing. We could sell anything. We don't care what it looks like. We don't care what the quality is. That's what they're thinking. Yeah. So you need to form a relationship with them because I will tell you with their sales and marketing. If you're making a good product, that's how we get the big time win. But if you have an antagonistic relationship with them, it'll all fall apart. And you won't have any influence at all. And they'll be like, you don't even know what you're talking about, dude. We're just going to jack the price even more. And we're going to undercut our contract. We're going to contract just competing with each other. They're going to hate each other. They're going to hate us, but it doesn't matter. Look at our bottom line. So, build some relationships there. Next, wish. I'm conflicted about where my loyalty lies. I have a wife and two children, but I recently took a job within federal law enforcement and based on my prior tactical experience. I'll be giving the opportunity to attend a two weeks selection for a position as an operator on a full-time tactical team. That will most certainly pull me away from my family. My heart is in the right place. I know this level of sacrifices needed in order to keep evil at bay. However, I believe every father feels that obligation to be at home, to raise a children. And I'm learning that balancing duty responsibility, loyalty, commitment to family, to country is hard. And maybe impossible. All right. So, again, he goes on to say that I know you have made this decision yourself. And I would say to this dude, actually you, oh, the only person that can make this decision. And you're right. I did make that decision. I did 20 years. And I, at the end of 20 years, decided to prioritize my family over the military and over my own desires too. Because it believe me. The selfish thing is just keep getting accurate. But also, what's important, I was not good at balancing. I ranked and prioritized the teams above my family. The whole time I was in. And not everyone does that. Some people are much better at balancing than I did. And that's how they do 30 and 32 years and 34 years. And 27 years, they figure out how to balance that better than I did. And so it sounds like you're even raising this question indicates to me that you probably have a decent chance of being able to be better at balancing than I do. So there's that. The other thing I would say is you say that being an operator and full-time tactical team will most certainly pull me away from my family. I would research that a little bit, you know, because sometimes when you get to a little higher level, you have more flexibility. And you might actually have time to spend with your family, might be a little bit different. Maybe you're on call, whereas normally you wouldn't be on call the now, but now if it's on your on call, but you're on call, you're at least, you know, you might be doing. You might have more family time. I don't know. I can tell you that, you know, sometimes depending on the way you look at it. You know, if you look at the special operations community versus the conventional community. And it just depends on the units, depends on a lot of things, but sometimes, you know, the conventional forces going up, you know, 16 month deployment to Iraq. And that's a long time. Some special operations units going on four month deployments. And they're coming home now. They now they might do more of those over their career. But again, that's something you need to, you need to find out the facts. You need to talk to someone that's on that team and say, hey, listen, here's what's going on. I got two sons, they wrestle, and they do Gigietsu, and I like to go to those tournaments. What's our schedule like, how is it going to be, you know? And then you kind of, you can make a better assessment. I wouldn't just assume that the tactical team has a busy schedule. I could be wrong. I could be completely wrong. What you're probably the assumption you're making, which is a decent assumption, is that when you're part of a part of an elite tactical team, you're going to have to input more time. It's going to, it's going to, it's going to mean more to you and you're going to be like, okay, I need to train more. I'm going to tell you, you should train more no matter what position you're in, right? You need to be training as much as you can. You need to be staying sharp. So I would do some research on that. And then I would also consider this. Men have been leaving their families so that they could go and fight evil since they're beginning of time. Whether it was they were going out to fight the lions, or whether they were going out to fight some, or going to invade other countries, or going to find treasure or whatever. Whatever they were doing, people have been doing it even more or more to guys left and there is no guarantee that they were coming home. They left for two, three, four years. Those, that's the way it works. Your, your boys are not going to be, they're not, their lives aren't going to be ruined if you're not there at every ballgame. And I'll tell you, there's actually, if you do that, your sons will learn the meaning of duty and sacrifice more than a normal kid would. So, so pay attention to that too. Again, all that being said, this is something that only you can make the call on because you can analyze the details of the situation. And, you know, what if your wife works a boy? Your wife works a boy? If that makes a big deal. If your wife works and you're gone all the time, that's a problem. Now who's raising your kids? You've got to pay attention to that. If you, if you both work, but you both work normal jobs, now you're home, you're, you're, you're, you're there enough. So, just weigh these things out, but I would, I would get the details and then make a decision. And you know what? No matter what decision you're making, it's the right decision. How's that? That's pretty simple. If you make a decision and you're going to go in the tactical team, cool. If you don't, cool. You're still doing federal law enforcement. Awesome. Keep in the, keep in the monsters that bay. Yeah, the thing that helped me a lot that you explained early on is to tell them why you're, tell people why you're doing what you're doing. Give them the team and in this case the family or whatever. And in this specific case, probably your wife. Yeah. So, if you're feeling that because I did, I did the feeling of like, I, I feel like I'm not being as loyal to my family because I'm like focusing on work. Yeah. I kind of think. So I'll get that from time to time. You know, especially if I'm like super focused and it's like, Dang, I didn't think about my kids or family all day today. You know, I'll have that little whatever I dig. Yeah. And I used to go like four months or I think about my family or such. Yeah. Well, it's a sliding scale. So, you know, but I do know that the more I communicate with my wife and be like, hey, I have to go here. And this is what I'm going to, I'm going to really try to focus on this, you know, this week, you know, so I make a video this week. Sure. And you know, I really busy. Yeah, I'll be busy. So I might not be here for this in this and, you know, like, I might miss this, you know, and just lay it all out. Why you're doing it, you know, how you always say. And a lot of the times your loyalty will be demonstrating demonstrated with that. You know, like it's like, hey, I'm doing my job. It's the time requirements or a little bit more or whatever. Like, I want you to know, like, what can I, can we do anything? Can we adjust anything to make it better for everybody? Whatever. And I actually take that one step further, including your wife into the decision making process. We're like, hey, listen, huh, this, if I do this job, it's going to be more, but it's going to be super rewarding to me. And sometimes that's enough. You know, you tell your wife this going to be super rewarding for me, because I'm going to be able to go and kill bad guys, which is or protect innocent people, which is what I want to do. That's what I signed up for. And I'm going to be able to do it in a more complete way. I have this a chance your wife says, you know what? I know that's what you're born to do. Go do it or she might say, listen, you've done that already. You know, let's focus on the family and you beat the cool. Yeah. Those are both good decisions. Yeah. We're in a win-win situation here. Yeah. That's the bottom line, dude. Yeah. Next question. Jockel, I'm 19. And in my first year of college, ever since I was 12, I've dreamed about being a marine or seal. I plan on joining up after college, but I just got diagnosed with epilepsy. I only have seizures in my sleep, so I never noticed them. I always thought of serving in the military as a way that I would prove to myself that I was a man. And that it would be a give my life a purpose. Now, I don't know what to do. I hate the idea of living some comfortable life where I have a cozy, 95 job that I only do for the money. I want something hard and meaningful, what should I do? There's an infinite number of options that you have. So you need to just pick one of those options, find a new career of that you think looks cool and then go get after it. And you got to figure you want to, you don't want a 95 job cool. There's all kinds of jobs that don't 95, you know, whether it's construction management, construction, or gas oil, or some kind of public safety. There's all kinds of things. I don't know if you can be a firefighter. I don't know if you can be a cop if you have epilepsy. I'm not sure. But there's all kinds of different jobs and careers. And there's jobs that are hard. And there's jobs that are incredibly meaningful to our economy here. And the more you help our economy here, the more you help us have a positive influence in the world. So go and figure out what job you want to do and go crush it. And go, you don't build an empire and make a ton of money. And then if you want to, great. Then you can support some veterans causes and you can give back that way. So so that's cool. There's it's always impressive to me. We work with all kinds of different companies at Ashland front. It's always so impressive to me when I meet people from every possible industry that you can imagine. And they're completely into their job. They are so into their job. They're fighting World War 9. Like they're that into it. You know, they're running Intel. They're running operations. They're driving down every dollar matters. Everything that they're doing. They're so into it. And it's awesome. And this is everything. This is every different industry. I see people like that. Not every person in every industry is like that. But if you find something that you're interested is in and you jump in there. And that's going to be your vocation. Right. Now there's another part to this that is kind of, I guess, like in your head or whatever. That's like some kind of hard living. That's not that's not very difficult to come up with. Right. Go start training. You just go start training. Some boxing go start wrestling. Go do mojtai. Go start shooting. Go start lifting and seeing how strong you can get and see how powerful you can get. Go learn to hunt and learn to hike and learn to play guitar and learn to learn a bunch of stuff. Become a force to be reckoned with. And you know, the bottom one is being a seal or being a marine does not prove that you are a man. There are plenty of losers in both of those organizations. And so don't, you don't need some label to make you a man. That's not what makes you a man. Be your own man. Go out and conquer your part of the world. Next question. Two questions. I recently attended an assessment for retraining. I'm going to say one more thing. Sorry. Not a man. When things like this happen, like when something happens to me, this is, you want to hear my weird superstitious view of the world. Sure. It's sort of, it's sort of reminiscent of everything happens for a reason. You've heard that, everyone's heard that. For me, something like this, when something like this happens to me, when something happens in my life, that I didn't want to have happen or I didn't expect to happen, I get an unpleasant surprise. I look at it and assess it. Like, okay, this is happening so that something else, this is trying to prevent something else from happening to me that I would have been really catastrophic. I heard my knee the other day, doing to do it. Doing wrestling. And I, on my way driving home, I'm like, you know what? This is preventing me from wrecking my shoulder in two weeks or the next night I was probably going to wreck my shoulder, which is, which is, no, a catastrophic injury on my shoulder. That's what was about to happen to me. And the powers that be new, the only way to get me off the map was to hurt my knee bad enough that it pulled me off the map for a couple weeks. So, boom, there you go. Here you go, Jocco, you're welcome. Yeah. So something like this, this is an indicator. As far as I'm concerned, you have some bigger and better thing that you need to do. Some, hey, it wasn't this. Yeah. That's cool. Accept it like right on, say thank you, because there's people that they, they, it's not epilepsy that they have. They have something that debilitates them from doing, even things that you are capable of doing. So be stoked that this delivery came from wherever it comes from, whatever it is that you believe in, that this, this, this, this, God, this happened because it's, it's putting you on the path. I guess that's what I'm saying. Yeah. It's putting you on the path. So who knows what you're supposed to do, but you're supposed to do something because you're not supposed to be a seal. You're not supposed to be a Marine. If you were supposed to be, that, that would happen. That, that would happen. It didn't happen. That's not a bad thing. That means there's some other door. It's going to open up big. Yeah. So that's the way I, I always look at injuries like that. Yeah. That's the most positive way I can look at injuries is, hey, I was going to, whatever. I was going to, I was like, I was going to rip apart triple threat on my knee in four days. So I just got a little ding to pull me off the mat so that doesn't happen. Yeah. I needed rest. Here's what you get, boom. You're going to get this. Yeah. How those thoughts do some, yeah. It's kind of like, oh, I'm safe from injury because I'm already injured kind of thing. Yeah. That's like there we go. So we're dealing. Yeah. But that is true. And yeah. And kind of like a lot of times, too. And this is so good that that guy, this guy, is he knows already. I want to do something hard in me. Maybe for a pro. I have, man. How did you say all day? 2019. Yeah. He's already on the path. He's totally on the path. And, you know, he's just discovering what doors he wants to, you know, what doors are open, what doors are closed, whatever, you know, and he's just got man. What was 19? Yeah. I didn't have no direction. Did I ever have the thought of, hey, yeah, I want to do something hard and meaningful. Did I ever have that thought? Hmm. No. I did not have that thought ever. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. I mean, I just do wait for something like this. But yeah. That's good. So I think he's an elegant. Yeah, man. Yeah. There's no label that makes you a man. You do. And she act. Can you do a good job so far? Definitely. All right. Next question. Two questions. I recently attended assessment for re-training into the combat control career field. I'm active duty for air force in a different career field. And rang the bell during water confidence training. How do I live with my decision and move forward? Yeah. You see, there's two questions. They're basically the same question. So that was part A and this is part B. I do read D.O.R. D.O.R. Drop on request. Gotcha. I'm rang the bell same thing. Mm-hmm. So I, a D.O.R. from Buds class 303. I went went on to be a S.A.R. course courseman. Sarswimmer. Sarswimmer. So he was a, he was a rescue swimmer. Okay. But it's taken until recently to regain the desire to live and even strive to work out again. What can you do when you realize a life path you have chosen was not only wrong, but you never feel like you found a new path? To me, this, this question, both these questions are kind of similar to the previous one, right? And like I can tell you being a, being a seal or being a combat controller is not the be all and all. And the bottom line is it wasn't for you. It wasn't for you. It wasn't for you. It wasn't, even, you don't want to you guys. It just wasn't for you. And the, the fact of the matter is it's not for most people. It's not normal. There's an 80% attrition rate of Buds. Most people quit. Good people. I was down there the other day. And I'll talk to one of my buddies that runs, runs it runs. He's, he's a civilian, but he's one of the civilians that works there, but he was. We were talking about, you know, what about Buds. And I forget what even led into it, but he pointed at that. You know, when you, when you quit Buds, you put your helmet by the belt. And so as more and more people quit, more and more helmets are on up. And there'll be hundreds of helmets lined up. And he's like, you see those helmets right there? And I'm like, yeah, he goes every single one of those kids was a stud. And when I went through it wasn't quite like that, because not everyone was showing up at Buds in the 90s. It was a stud. They weren't because we didn't know what was happening. We didn't know how to do a pull-up workout. We couldn't look online and see a program on how to get better at rope climbs. We didn't know that you had to swim with fins. We didn't know, I didn't know anything when I showed up at the Buds. So these kids now, they know everything. And so what do they do? They prepare all of them at a minimum. I would say the minimum guy prepared now is probably prepared at least as good as the most prepared guy. Actually, that's probably inaccurate. I bet you the least prepared guy entering Buds right now is probably still more prepared than the most prepared guy that went to Buds when I went through. Now, so my point in saying that is most of those people that are studs quit. Most of those people that join the Navy that sign on a dotted line and commit six years of their life because there's nothing more they want to do than be a seal. And most of them don't make it through. So it's not for everyone. And then you know what? You won't guy in the Air Force won't guy in the Navy. You did your job, you did your supposed to do a Carmen, whatever your normal career field was in the Air Force and you served your country. And you did what the country needed you to do. The country needs you to do whatever job you did, the country needed you to do that job. So thank you for your service. And now you go and find something else you're going to find a new mission. And the same things here like you want to get better with your life. So what do you do? You work and you build and you study and you get an awesome physical condition and you train you to do and you become a doctor or a firefighter or EMT or a cop and there's whichever way that you figure out that you can serve. You become a business person. You go and work construction. Whatever it is that you do. You're going to do it. You do it hard and you don't get caught up in a title. Right? So this is another thing. It's kind of reflects back to where you're talking about earlier. Seals don't care that you weren't a seal. You know, like it's not like seals are walking around going, oh, this person wasn't a seal. I don't respect him. This person wasn't a seal. I don't respect him. We don't care. It's a vocation. It's a job. So you're not, I don't look down on people that weren't seals. It's just that was my job. You had a different job. Right? It's like, it's like, GJT. I don't look down on people that don't train GJT. I look at him like, hey, you should because that's a choice. But let me rephrase that. I don't look down on people that I can beat in GJT because I know for a fact all it is. That I've been training longer than them. And once they train longer than me, they'll be able to beat me. That's the way it works. So people that were in the seal teams aren't looking down on you because you weren't. They don't care. I don't think in about it. So when I meet a cop, when I meet a firefighter, when I meet a business person, I respect what they're doing with their life. If they're getting after it, I don't care what are we nuts in. Man, I know some, I'm so lucky right now working at Ashill on front. We meet people that are just just awesome humans that are crushing their field. And if they were in the seal teams, they'd be crushing that field. But they didn't. They went to what they went and did what they did. They went in the finance world. They went in the construction world. They went in the gas oil business. Whatever they did, they did and they're getting after it. So that's what you need to do. You quit in the past. You rang the bell. No one cares. Unless you quit now. So get up. Go find a new mission. And get after it, man. Get after it. Exclosed. You've been unfairly wronged by a brother. Objectively. You aren't getting the full apology that you expected. The beef is over now. Any treats you well. But how do you psychologically reframe and kill that lingering resentment? Unfairly wronged by a brother. Interesting. Brothers don't wrong. Brothers will start with that. So this dude wasn't actually a bro, a brother. A man of a bro, but he wasn't a brother. Make a little distinction there. Has that distinction ever been made before? I don't think on this platform. They're making it. Cool. There's like, hey, this guy's my bro. It's all good. And then there's like, this guy's my brother. My brother is not going to wrong me. So if it happens, some guy, like I said, if somebody that you consider your brother wrongs you then that they clearly you overestimated there. Really comes. It's made. So here's what's going to happen with me. Number one, it's noted. Noted. That's my ultimate ultimate. Satisfaction. Right? When I know, when it's, when I note something, oh, it's like, oh, this is the kind of person he is noted. Right. Now I got him. Now I got this person marked. So trust is not going to be reestablished for a long, long time. If ever, right? I'm not going to like this person clearly. But here's the deal. All that mistrust and all that dislike and all that is going to be internal. I'm going to keep it inside. Because you know what? I'm going to have those inside. I'm going to harbor that. I'm going to harbor those things. Even this resentment. I'm going to harbor it. Because I can't, I can't just make it go away. You, you, you wrong me. It's going to be there. Yeah. But you know what? I'm a professional. Externally, I'm a professional. Even if we're not in a business or even if it just like hair, I, I trained you just to do it this guy, right? I'm a professional. So I'm not going to let his little maneuvers get me externally, worked up about it. It's not happening. You don't get control my emotions like that. Externally, you might control him inside. But I won't let you see that ever. So I'm a professional. I'm normal face. That's where I'm coming at you. Just normal face. Oh, good. Oh, yeah. And you know what's interesting. This behavior. So when you screw me over and then I'd just go, okay, check, note it. And then I don't give you a reason to like hate me. And then you kind of owe me. Yeah. You know what I mean? You kind of owe me. So there's that. And there's a, there's a fine line like if you screw me over and then I just allow it to happen and it was a, a, a legitimate violation. Well, then there might be have to be repercussions, right? It sounds like this did not warrant repercussions. Because, you know, there's certain situations. If somebody wrongs you in certain ways, there has to be repercussions. To me, normally, most of the time, the repercussions and the best revends that you can take is this to ignore now perform and be successful and rock on and forget about them. Forget that even existed. That to me is the best possible way to go. Because why would you let somebody interfere? Why would you commit any time effort resources to revenge when I would the better thing to do is commit those time resources to energy to success to winning. Yeah. I'm going to do that. But if this merits some sort of repercussions, okay, then those get carried out. And if those get carried out, well, then we're, we're kind of settled. But he says you didn't get the full apology you expected. It's okay. Hey, guess what? People are arrogant. That's the way it is. They don't think they've got anything wrong, most likely. He's not even apologizing for it, barely. So that's what I do. I'm just going to keep it professional. I'm going to, you're going to be subconsciously indebted to me, whether you know it or not. Yeah. You probably know it. You probably feel it. Because I'm just going to be like, okay, cool. Yeah. We'll move on. Yeah. But man, you know, the thing is, this is sort of goes back to that other kind of topic today. Like, this guy isn't going around thinking about you. Yeah. So why are you thinking about him? Let's move on, man. Let's move forward. Yeah. That seems like a big part of it. Right. Like that it seems like he was, he says you aren't, you aren't getting the full apology. You know, like remember on that sign filled that apology, I was talking to someone, I was talking to someone like a Black Hipology. I was talking to someone that we both know, who's, will say, up a public figure. Sure. And this individual was reading YouTube comments and getting legitimately, like, emotionally, distraught about the whole thing. Yeah. And was trying to talk to me about it. And like, I said, man, I literally do not care. I'm like, I do not care. Like this is no factor. You don't need to warn me. You don't need to tell me, you know, what I need to look out for. Like, I literally don't care. Yeah. I mean, if someone writes a good YouTube comment, good. It's funny. That's great. If they write a mean one, cool. I find that those are funny too. Yeah. I'm not worried about it. The person that wrote the YouTube comment isn't thinking about me. Yeah. You know, they're not trying. They're not reviewing it again. Yeah. They're writing it again. And, you know, like, they don't care. I'm not getting all caught up in this stuff. Don't caught up in these petty things. You know, I did that. We talked about this on the podcast of of of of the Black Belt. The Black Belt doesn't care about things that don't matter. You can grab the the Black Belt's shoulder. It is ghee. And he's doesn't care because he knows that doesn't mean anything. There's no there's no there's no factor. So you want to that's that's what you want to do. You want to you don't want to care about things. It don't matter. Don't invest your time in energy. Things no matter. But guy wronged you cool noted. You know that he's kind of a a devious dude. You know that. It's noted. Cool move on. Not I'm not worried about it. Am I going to put my trust in again? Nope, but that's cool because I know other people are trust. Yeah. Let's not get wrapped around these little things, man. Let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's let's Let's let's let's let's let's rise above. You get some Black flag going here. Let's rise above. I'm gonna hear what's the prize above. I still wonder what kind of politics you are talking about. I totally cut you off, so sorry about that. Yeah, and I was the same thing, it didn't matter. But I'm wondering what, at the same time, what you're saying? I agree. But I do wonder what kind of politics he got. You know, because he didn't get the full apology. Yeah, partial. Yeah. So, well, partial apology, that can come in many forms. Yeah, it's probably the most common form of a partial apology has a butt on it. Yes. Yeah, 100%. You know, I'm sorry, you know what I'm sorry, we didn't turn by and pick the other and the other night, but I just didn't even know that you wanted to come. Yeah, yeah, yeah, kind of like it was my fault. I'm sorry, but yeah, it was partially your fault. You kind of thing. And then there's the other one that's like, I'm sorry, you felt that way, you know, that one. Where's the, I'm sorry you felt that I was attacking you, you know? But, you know, I did it mean to kind of think where it's kind of like, hey, because the person doesn't want an apology for necessarily the actual words you said, it was like, what you did? Like you attacked me with whatever you said, you know? Kind of thing. So you can't just say, hey, I can't, I'm sorry. You forgot that. That's right. I'm sorry that you felt that way. Yeah, you know? That is a pretty backhanded sort of, same thing, but the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the one you say, but I'm sorry, but, you know, I didn't know. That's kind of like, I'm sorry, but I'm not fully, like, that's the same as I'm sorry. That's the same with extreme ownership. That's what people say. Yeah, you know, look, I'm in charge of the team. And this was definitely, I'm in charge of the team when I'm in charge, didn't, didn't win things go wrong, it's my fault. But I'll tell you what. It seems like it. I'm always thinking I'm not sorry, but I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah, and my wife from time to time will, there are no excuses. Yeah, there's nobody think about it. When you get somebody that actually believes in extreme ownership, there is there are no butts on anything that they say and strangely, I mean, kind of, I guess coincident, not coincident. I run a night. Your old daughter will not allow you to make an excuse. My dad, my dad, my dad, my dad, my dad. She will call you out if you throw a butt, or you say, well, I didn't know when we had to be there. Oh, so you're not taking ownership. Yeah. Yes. That's right. It makes, yeah, totally makes sense. And if you, it's strangely like if you do it without the butt, you know, when you do it this full speed, even if in your head, you believe butt, I mean, let's face it, man. You said it coming to you, kind of thing. Yeah, just keep it, because that's not what you're doing when you apologize. That's separate from the apology. It's like you're including this stuff unwarranted stuff with your apology. Don't do that. Give a good apology. And what it's worth is the worst thing is, it's so obvious and it makes everyone so mad. Oh, yeah. The receiving end of that is so mad. And you think that it's, you think that it's improving your position. Yeah. Because you're, I look, I look, hey, Echo, I'm really sorry that you showed up to record and I wasn't there and I didn't let you know. But yeah, but I didn't really, I didn't remember texting you or whatever. Like, like, but you know, you should have told me that you were heading. That's the way that would be. But you should have told me that we were definitely recording because you didn't really get back to me. Yeah. Like, why would I say that? All of them doing this. You know what's the funniest people always tweet me when a sports coach, they tweet me when a sports coach either takes ownership. Or doesn't over leave this night. Overly done. Because some sports coaches say, hey, look, I'm the coach. I made some bad calls out there. We're gonna get back in the drawing room. I'm gonna get this thing fixed. And it ever goes, man, this guy's awesome. And it's just so funny. Everyone says, this guy is awesome. He's taking ownership. Even people that aren't, even people will retweet something that they, people aren't saying he's taking extreme ownership. So I'm gonna say, oh, it's good to see a coach taking full responsibility or whatever. They'll use it on the word for it. And then some other knucklehead. Sure. Will say, you know, I am the coach. And I am responsible for the team. But if I got players that aren't gonna put out in the first quarter, you know, you're not going on the field. You got to carry out the show. Totally embarrassing for everyone says, hey, you might want to learn how to take ownership. Yeah. And that's where people, so it's so obvious. And yet we still do it. We still throw out the bots. We still want to clarify our position. Yeah. Don't clarify your position. Say, sorry, take ownership. That's it. My wife will watch these. What do you call it? The housewives won't, not the show. Like the reality show ones, you know, the whatever housewives of where ever. And men riddled. I think that's why she watches it. Just to see the trainer act, I think. And that's why I think it's my suspicion. But men, yeah, they're all arguing with each other. And then, you know, they're crying. And then the one will say that they'll just, they'll say the perfect example of the non-apology. You know, every single time, the men is like it hurts your heart to watch. But you kind of like, you kind of dig it. I wonder if this, because this is what happened with this guy. I just figured it out right now. I really don't know. But this is what I think happened. Okay. We have a few radicals. Yeah, there was a girl guy relationship. There was a what? A girl guy relationship. Okay. You know, boyfriend girlfriend scenario. You know, maybe this guy got drunk. The bro, the brother, bro, whatever. Got drunk. Maybe hit on the girl. Maybe something happened. Maybe something did it. Oh, and then it was like, hey man, sorry about what I did with Christine last that I was super hammered. Yes. But I was super hammered. Yeah, exactly right. And that's the big one. That's a big butt in the apology, you know. But you know, we all had, I remember some one time someone did, I won't go into it. Doesn't matter. But it's a big one. It's a big deal. Or it's a big common one. We got wronged by a brother. No, it was like parents friend. Okay, it's lady. And she was talking, she was talking shit about my mom to my dad. And I was there. They're hammered or whatever. Like some, you know, thing. And she's like totally talking shit. I'm like, I'm going to talk about this. So I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. So I'm like whatever. I'm like a T, I maybe 15, 16 years old. Maybe maybe 30 out of no, whatever. But you know, a teenager. I wasn't like a three year old. You know. So I heard, and I knew what you were talking about. It was rude. It was uncle's unsat. As we say. And some like cool. All right, go home. I tell my mom straight up. So I'm like, oh, well, okay, you know, tell my dad, blah, blah, my dad tells the lady. And then the lady, of course, is all like, oh, no, you know, like I did this. And you know, so she comes to me. And she says, sorry, right? Like, sorry for this or you. But we had, you know, we had a lot to drink or whatever. And all this stuff. And I remember feeling that like, how is this, like, how does this make it better? You know, when you're like, but we had a, so I'm thinking there. And I didn't know anything about drinking. I don't know what it made you sort of do. I didn't really know at that time. So to me, it was like, wait, so wait. When you drink, like, you can do that kind of stuff or what? Like, what's the deal? And the, the apology just basically bounced off me, like, bullets off a Superman or something. Yeah. No, apology don't put the butts on those things. Yes. So that's what happened with this guy. That's what I think. It's possible. But it is his responsibility, like you said, to be like, hey, I can't hold on to this thing, you know? Like, what he said, how do you psychologically reframing and kill that lingering resentment? Things like that, it's like a scar. You have to, he's like, keep in it a wound. You gotta pick it at it. Yeah. And you gotta be like, that's just a scar. It's like sure a relationship is different now. It's a scar now. But, man, I got more important things to think out or do whatever. Yeah, if you can pull that off, it'd be good. Move on. Next question. Hello, and thank you, sir. I'm an inner city math teacher and OG hardcore kid. That successfully approached my students as a team that I am the leader of. How do I discipline someone like key players and at the same time, boost or at least not lower, morale? Awesome. Well, that's cool. I would say this if you got kids in the classroom and you got key players in the classroom. Do what I always say to do to people. Put them in charge of stuff, man. Put them in charge, put these kids in charge of things in the class. Not just dumb stuff, either. Not just clean up. Not just sweeping the floor, but some legitimate stuff. Like, hey, I want you to come up with a lesson plan for tomorrow. Here's the book that we're looking at. Here's the pages I want you to talk about. Dang, I want you to lead the discussion that we're gonna have in class. Hey, I want you to go over how you solved this math problems tomorrow. You got some of the problems wrong on the test. I want to teach them to you and I want you to teach the class. Because obviously, I didn't do a good job. Maybe you can do a better job than me. And you know what? You're kind of loud. Let's put that to use. I know people listening to you. Here's another thing, kid. The kids look at you and they look up to you. Let's use that. Let's try and get kids moving in the right direction. So that's what I would do in a situation like this. If someone's actually getting in trouble, you don't do this. You don't do what I'm talking about because they're in trouble. That's a little bit. You can't say you're in trouble. So you're gonna have to teach a class tomorrow. No, no, no, that doesn't work. You say, hey, you let that. Whatever they got punished for, you know, your punishment. That could be something like taking out trash. But you don't want to throw leadership at someone when they get in trouble. Occasionally you can do it. Occasionally you can be like, okay, you know what? You're in charge of the platoon for this week or for these four days of admin. And all of a sudden, yeah, you realize, oh, you got to come in at five o'clock in the morning. Oh, you got to stay until 1800 tonight. Oh, you got these reports to, oh, yeah, it's like all these things that you didn't think about. That's what you got to do. And when you get off that restriction, and you get out of that role, you realize, hey, I have a little respect for the boss because I realize what the boss is going through. So that's what I would do. Have some fun with this. Put the kids in charge of stuff. Give them little assignments. Make them get up, make them turn them into leaders. Turn them into leaders. Check. We think one more. One more. What do you do when you fail? And how do you handle it? What do you do when you fail? You know, recently we reviewed that US Army field manual on here from World War II era. And it says in that manual, it says other than death, all failure is psychological. Other than death, all failure is psychological. Think about that. Just just think about that. This failure, this upset, this catastrophe. If you aren't dead, then it's just psychological. Didn't you have? Now, this does not mean that you won't lose some battles because you will. We all will. But it does mean that as long as you don't surrender as long as you don't give up as long as you don't quit then you haven't failed. Just means you've made a temporary tactical retreat. Means you've made a brief withdrawal so that you can regroup and reattach. So as far as I'm concerned, if you get beat, unless your dead, you are not defeated. And you have not failed what you've done as you've learned. You've gained experience. And you're still alive. And you have memories to make. So get up and go get after it. And I think that's all I've got for tonight. So echo Charles, speaking of getting after it. Good enough to it. Can you help us in that category? Yes. So we are on the path. Part of that path. Like we always say, is jujitsu? It's funny how you'll say, like when you suggest someone to, or your suggestion for someone to move on or to get out of a ride or whatever, you always say jujitsu. Yes. And rightly so. Yes. It all, it's one of those things, men, where I'm not a psychologist. I don't even know that. But I think that it'll cure various levels of depression. Real. Hey, I've taken a lot of flack over that. Yeah. I've taken a lot of flack over that. I think Joe Rogan, sure. When I was on his, you know, we were basically saying like workout, you know, feel better and everything got all mad. Right. But the funny thing is, Tim Ferriss, who is actually gone through that kind of depression, will tell you the exact same thing. Yeah. So yeah. Work out. Work out. End. Do jujitsu. For sure. Yeah. It's crazy with, you know why I'd say jujitsu even more than just like a regular workout, whatever that even means. But is because you have a challenge that's a little bit more obviously like you against like an obvious challenge, you know, and you against the person. There's that. Okay. And then there's the physical part of it, of course. Like the workout part of it, which is one of the best workouts. Like if I wanted to like lose 30 pounds, right? For, I don't know, whatever. I want to lose 30 pounds. Like bad pounds. Right. So like, you know, and right now as a right now, there's no way I would do like a weight loss workout. Yeah. I would just do regular weight lifting, and I would just do more jujitsu. Yeah. That's it. 100% like why would you, something's crazy? Yeah. I mean, jujitsu is such a good workout. Yeah. Why would you workout muscles that you didn't know you had? Your whole body too. Yeah. By the way, whole body. Yeah. Even your jaw muscles. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Everything. Especially you with the jaw muscles, because you're spending a lot of time on the court of the back talking. It's a drain or coincidentally, that's another part of it is what I was about to say. So fast back. 100% for you. For everybody. Yeah. Yeah. For you too. And have a little conversation. Oh, yeah. Post training. Yeah. Even like between rounds, whatever. It's like you're doing it. And sure, you can do that at the gym kind of, but it's different. You know what? It's way different. People want to talk before training. I protest that. You know how I protest it? I start to talk. Start to talk. Spread. I go beep. Okay. If I'm in a rounds round, you guys are rolling. Yeah. Then the off of this shit of chatter. Here's how prevalent. The social element is. He's like, you know. No, no. And you'll agree with it because it happens with you too. So you ever like shaking kids clock started. B clock started. You shake hands with the person. And then you just sneak in one question to the person. That's so silly. Not all the time. Because like, you know, you remember, like, I'll do it with Greg. I'll do it. And you know what I'm going to talk about that. Oh, like we'll talk about our day. Like Andy and I will joke about. Yeah. Like beep. Clock starts and it's like, How's work today? Yeah. That happens. Basically what it means is neither one of us feels like training. Yeah. And we're going to laugh and then we'll train. Right. Because we won't actually have a conversation. Right. But see how you know that it's a thing. It's a thing. It's a thing. It's so much that you make jokes about it. Yes, it is. That's how social it is, you know. And man. You know, I just got a time I belt and adjust my gear and put my knee pads back up. And you know what I mean? Yeah. There's another stalling tactics. Yeah. Not very social, but yeah, it's stalling for sure. But it's a lot of benefit. So this thing that we call the jujitsu. That is huge. That is just boy. Anyway, that was a side note. Anyway, when you're doing the jujitsu, of course, you need a gear because you're doing gear and no gear. So when you get your gear, what gear are we getting? We're getting the best gear. We get it. The junkies. We're getting the best gear. All right. Oh, yeah. Big time. Anyway, the best gear is our origin. Geese. You get them at origin main.com. Or something. Com. The all kinds of stuff. All kinds of clothes, including jeans. Yes. Merconded. But even like not everyone does jujitsu, not everyone does gujjitsu, but everyone does have jeans. Now let me ask you the same question you asked me. What kind of jeans are we getting? Best kind. Not the junkies. But junk, would you say junkies? junkies, yeah. That's not even a word. Yes, it is. It is. The junkies. It is. If something is junk. Oh, you know what? It's Jatsa. Another one of those subtle differences in, and remember how I told you in Hawaii? Yeah. They're like subtle differences in words. They're only small. They're just the same, but they're subtle differences. That is one of them. Like junkies. That's a little pigeon. Yeah. That's a little pigeon. Like it would be junkiest. Right. Not junkiest. Exactly. So junk is the same as junkie. In the main line you say junkie. It's more of what you call it. I'm not a verb. Yeah. I think that hamburger is a real junkie. Right. So junk. On the main line the word junk is a noun. It's a junk. It's a piece of junk. It's a pile of junk. It's a noun. In Hawaii it's an adjective. Like it's junk. Like that's a wave describing it. Well, that was noun. No. See it sounded like a noun to you because you're from the main line. If you say junk, that's why you can have words like it's junker. It's way more junk. Way more junk. We don't want to junk because there's such thing as junk junker in junkiest. In Hawaii. In here it's like no, it's just junk. It's either junk or it's like not junk. You don't kind of think. Because it's a noun. It seems like like I said these differences are subtle. You're going to follow though. Yeah. No, because I thought of like if you went, if I said hey, what's that stuff on the side of your house over there? You're like oh, that's just junk. Right. That's junk. You mean by that? It's an old lawn chair. It's an old weedwacker that doesn't work anymore. Sure. Right. Yeah. It's a couple of stuff animals that no one wants anymore. That's junk. Yes. But what you're saying is hey, how's that card that you just bought? Yeah. How does it work? How is it? Is that thing dope? Is it dope? No, it's junk. It's junk. How is that movie? Last night kind of junk. Yeah. So in regards to jeans, you don't want the junk jeans or in your case the junkier or junkiest jeans. Junkest is what you said. Correct. That's the whole the Kawaii version. Hawaii is. That's how. Unless you get the best one. Get the origin jeans. And whatever the clothes, you don't forget about supplements too. Supplements, joint warfare, acrylic oil, discipline, discipline go. Discipline go for when you need a little kick. And it's interesting you and I have both morphed to a situation where discipline the drink is just the normal. That's just part of the world. That's just part of it. Yeah. I am now drinking. And this is the thing about discipline. It doesn't have 480 grams of or 480 milligrams of caffeine. Yeah. In fact, it has 15 grams per scoop. This is not the crazy stimulant. That's like, let's face it. Jiu Jitsu. You don't want to be all amped up on caffeine going to Jiu Jitsu class. I get it. That's why discipline is so good. Pre-roll. Yep. So that's what I've figured out now. Because if you have iced tea, which I used to drink a lot of iced tea, drink jocquawaii tea, right? You just drink that stuff, right? If I think of when you were kid all enough some iced tea that I caffeine in it, right? You won't freaking out. That has way more caffeine in discipline. So what I'm saying is discipline is now just sort of a... Just a day long, like an all day. I must have had five bottles of discipline today. Okay. Yeah. That's just all day. Because I'm sitting there drinking it. You know, I'm working. Yeah. I'm writing. I'm editing. Which is rich. That's all right. Let's face it. Like writing and editing sometimes is a real chore. Yeah. Mental chore. Not fun. So you got to get eat. No. Game. Yeah. That's why I've been drinking a lot of discipline lately. Because a lot of writing, a lot of mental thought. Yeah. So anyways. You know, the mega mix for jiu-jitsu is discipline. Mm-hmm. Okay. Water. You can actually add like a little, like a, maybe like a third cup, whatever. You're mixed total of like a cranberry juice or like a, you can squeeze lemon juice in there or something. Okay. Water. Lemon juice. Discipline. Mm-hmm. And on it has these like minerals and electrolytes. Mix. One scoop of that. Boom. That's the jiu-jitsu mega mix. There you go. A bread. Bring you through. Go to do two scoops of discipline. Three if you want to get nuts. You got to add more water. You know, and then you got that situation going. There's been times where I've made discipline. Shot. Okay. Feel like I'm like, hey, okay. You know what? I'm heading to jiu-jitsu. I'm going to be there in three minutes. No, yeah. Yeah. I'm just going to mix up a little shot. It's got three scoops and it's, it's like a shot. Yeah. So I've done that before. But that's also why I made discipline go. Yeah. Because discipline glow is for those situations where you don't want to drink a bunch, but you just want that hitter. Yeah. But the go, the pill that takes longer though. Right. Cause not instant. Yeah. That's right. I don't know half an hour, 40 minutes prior to event situation. Yeah. Evolution. It's like, yeah, that of loose. Mine. I feel like is, or it is, straight up, it's like a routine. You know how like you sort of have a routine. Yes. You know, some people do. I got some routines. Yeah. And when you call, yeah. The protocol comes in into play like this. You go boom. Okay. I got jiu-jitsu at X time. Right. I leave the house at X time minus whatever. I drink the mega mix X time minus whatever minus, you know, another 10 minutes. So it's like the amount of time it takes to mix it up. I'm just going to win the drink and if they're going to roll or do something active. Oh, the thing is I don't know. 40 minutes. I don't know. 40 minutes. You say half an hour. 40 minutes. Half an hour. I'm saying 40 minutes. I'm saying, as I leave the house. So I'll have my class that's how long it's taken to get here. Fifty. Fifty. Be doing 15 in 20 minutes. Okay. But you don't need it to kick in right when you get here. You can be chat with people for the first time. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it's one of those things. It's not like there's this little teeny tiny window of it working. But once it's in the system, you're rolling. You're rolling. You don't even really feel it like. Where offer and nothing like a coffee crash or nothing like that. So I don't know. I just do it that way. That's been. And it's worth like man. I won't not do it that way. Yeah. That's what it is. Also don't forget about milk, which is if you need extra protein, which you do, you can get it from milk. Or if you just want to straight up dessert, you just have dessert. And if you don't think the strawberry milk tastes like dessert, you're wrong. The strawberry milk is dessert. Get some. And so the other ones, I've just had so much of them. Just really stoked on the strawberry right now. Mint. You know what it was? These are go to peanut butter or is it meant? Mint. But all, all interchange for variety. Whatever that strawberry one came in, thanks Brian. For that. By the way. You know strawberry, it's like a strawberry. There's a lot of hype. It's strawberry cool. I'm not the huge, just like, I like strawberry. I like it. Yeah. But when there's chocolate, like why would you do strawberry? You know, if you have chocolate or whatever, so I'm like, but whatever. Let's do it. The strawberry with is. So mix it up, boom. The same deal. I didn't want to like add extra stuff in there. I just wanted the raw deal. So I had regular milk and strawberry. The strawberry milk. Yeah. The same thing. The strawberry milk tastes closer to an actual strawberry milk shake. The only difference that I could detect is that it's not as like overtly sweet as like one from like a, you know, like you get a strawberry milk shake. Yeah. You know, it just wasn't as sweet as that. That's it. Put it on another half a scoop in there. You'll be in the zone. That's what I thought. Yeah. And that's what I've been telling you what. So I implemented the that hitter. The real litmus test. Right. So I what do you call, unless the kids, you know, sit down. It's like, all right. This is strawberry milk. Have some just a little thing. So here's how you do it. You don't say it is a good. Is it not good? Because it's not into the want more. You don't even ask that. You just wait. So because if you ask, hey, is it good or not good? If they're old enough, they'll tell you what you want to hear. They'll be like, yeah, good. Then they'll go play. Or they won't be into the test at all, which typically they're not. And they'll just be like, no, it's junk. Therefore, you know, in their mind, he won't give me anymore or whatever. You know, you just don't get in action. And act your reading. So what you do is, here, you can have some of this. That's it. So they tasted both of them wanted more. Both of them. That's the cereal. Yeah. That's what it is. Really good stuff. So, and also don't forget, you got water, your kid milk. That comes in strawberry and chocolate as well. And it's, it's like a legitimately good for your children. So get it form. Well, also chocolate tea. Yes. Chocolate some tea. It's called chocolate tea. Yeah. And it just is like drinking goodness. That's what it is. Like drinking victory. Drink in taste like taste like victory. And it's just goodness, got any oxins. Get your little, get your little kicker. Certified organic, too, by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Really cool. Orgmyn.com. Got to say that. Yes. Also, chocolate has his own store, chocolate store. So you go to jocosstore.com. This is where you can get your discipline equals freedom shirts. Who do you eat? Lightweight and heavyweight hats. You know, anyway, hats. No, you know, no heavyweight hats. You know, but you do have those chocolate hats with the witty call it. Snap back or flex fits with some options, there. Anyway, anyway, you want to represent the path. You can get something there, rash grids as well. Did you do or whatever you're doing? You can get a one of those shirt that says good on it. It does not have my head on it, which is a positive thing. Moving in a different direction, more subtle direction. I don't necessarily agree because I think that the one with your head on it is like. Cause not very subtle bro. No, it's not subtle at all. But it does like. Now, they both have their benefits because look, when I wear the good one, just good. Like the people who do say something, they're just kind of like, oh yeah, good. They'll just say it, you know, but the one with your head, they'll either ask, oh, who's that on your shirt? Like who's that? Usually it's like, I don't know, you know, Winston Churchill or something. I don't know. You wear public figure on there. So they're wondering who is that and why that don't say your shirt. I don't know. We gotta do that now. It's the first thing we came in with. And I've never seen a Winston Churchill t-shirt, but I've got that we got that going. You made it. All right, Chad. None of the last ore they'll know who you are. And they know that that's what you say. And they'll be like, you know what you call it, the book that when they know. You know, in a feedy. Yeah, exactly right. So I think both 100%. But unless a lot of cool stuff on there, if you like something, get something. As they say. Also, subscribe to the podcast. If you haven't already on iTunes and Stitcher and wherever you listen to podcasts, there's a lot of places. They're trying to kind of change the landscape of podcasts listening to by the way. Oh, yeah, yeah. They want to charge money or something put it behind the fire walls. Pay why I think it's paywall paywall. Maybe the firewall too. The firewall, the paywall. Anyways, we're free. We're free. But nonetheless, hey, it is what we have to pay. You know what you have to pay? You have to listen to this part of the podcast. You don't actually even have to do. I'm sitting on a little tray. Don't forget about the warrior kid podcast, which is also not behind the paywall. It's free for your children. If your kids want to learn how to be on the path, if your kids want to learn about discipline, if your kids want to learn on a handle, bullying, and trouble in school, and trouble study. If they want to learn to handle all that stuff in life. And if you want to get a little hint to, because you know, you need it. Get some of that warrior kid podcast. Yeah, that's a good one. Also, Irish Oaks Ranch.com. This is where you can get where a kid's soul. Yeah. Which is not forgets. Yeah, it's actually jocco soap made by a warrior kid. So it is where you could so call jocco soap. There's another addition called trooper soap. Or is it the trooper bar trooper soap? Yeah, nonetheless, it's good. Yeah, this is good soap. All right. It'll help you stay clean. It'll make you stay clean. Straight up. And hardcore kind of way. Also, YouTube. If you're interested in the video version of this podcast of jocco, telling us, helping us, advising us, do advise them just over here. Just saying my point of view, I guess, more than anything else. Yeah. And then echo makes videos and he's super proud of and he's all hype about it. And he thinks they're super cool. So you can check those out too. Yeah. Sure. Yeah, there you go. Nonetheless, yes, YouTube, jocco podcast, YouTube channel. Yeah, you have one. So we do have our own YouTube channel. Yes. And for little announcements, sure. That come out. Not a week. I have that. So whenever you post a video, I get a notification. Yeah. And I go, cool. Echo post a video. Should I watch it? Yeah. And then I go down and read the comments. See? And then someone says, echo's looking jerked. Yep. So there's that. Best comment in the world, but. Yeah. And then psychological warfare, you can get that. If you need a little assistance during a challenging moment of weakness, you press play on your phone, you can play a little track that will get you through that moment of weakness. It's on iTunes, Google Play and put your platforms of all kinds. And if you want a visual representation to help keep you on the path, check out flipsidecanvis.com where my brother, the codemire, is making art. And he's putting in the art with layers. That's what it is. There you go. You just, you just going to use made the motto art with layers. Gonna put some more of your kids stuff up there for your kids rooms. We're going to put some more of your kids things up there. So be checking that out. And if you have anything that you want to have on a canvas, let Dakota Meyer know, let hit him up on Twitter, tell him what's going on. Tell him what you think he can make. He can make it happen. So there's that. Also on it on it dot com. So this is where you can get your kettlebells when you're when we are varying up our workouts need more kettlebells. You need more functional fitness type stuff that's where you get it also like I mentioned before the the mineral slash electrolyte mix for the Prejuejue to actually pre work out to mega mix. This is where you get it on it dot com slash jockel. What if you I mean you don't you don't want to pre work out is it's called a pre workout. Yeah, it's like it has like a phasal dialed or is in caffeine and stuff in it. It's mainly for like lifting or whatever. You can mix that if you work out don't do mac cons on this, but if you're just lifting for like high portrait or whatever and you like pre workouts you mix that in the mega mix. So you go pre workout discipline two scoops. One scoop electrolytes from on it. Lemon juice water mix that report pack. Ooh, that's the mega mix right there for lifting. Measure your biceps report back. Yes, yeah, your pump will be out of this world, but before you get to don't do the pre workout don't do the caffeine before you get to that's my thing anyway on it dot com slash jockel. This where you get it got some books got some books coming out. I got one book coming out called or way the warrior kid three where there's a will. I think when this podcast out we might even be live or close to it. Yeah, so. Way the warrior kid three. Order it immediately. I just got the numbers prior to walking in here. It's already selling like pretty awesome. So appreciate everyone pre ordering it, but if you want it order it now. So I can print enough for you because the publishing company is jockel publishing. Also, we got way the warrior kid one. We got way the warrior kid two subtitle marks mission way the warrior. Where the warrior kid one subtitle is from when people warrior the navy seal way teacher kids be on the path. If you got a little bit younger kid get Mikey in the dragons. Mikey in the dragons will frame your child's mind to be able to overcome fear for the rest of their lives. Just a nice little thing to give them for the rest of your life. You don't have to be afraid of anything. There you go. There you go, child. You're welcome. This one equals freedom field manual. That's how to get after it. The audio of that is on iTunes and Amazon music. Google play another MP3. Extreme ownership and dichotomy leadership. Both those books. I wrote with my brother, Dave Babin. And we take the experiences we had in combat overseas. The leadership lessons we learned and we passed them on to all of you. Also, we have Ashland Front, which is our leadership consultancy. And what we do is we solve problems through leadership. And if you want to have us come and work with your company. Then go to Ashland Front.com. If you want to come to a live experience, you can come to the master. May 23rd and 24th in Chicago. Sold out. You won't be coming to that one. September 19th and 20th in Denver. Not sold out yet, but it will. And December 4th and 5th in Sydney, Australia, go to extremotorship.com. All of them sold out. All of them will sell out. So get in the game early. EF online. This is our. If you can't make it to the master, but you want to get granular with your leadership capabilities. Then go to EF online.com. And we will take you through. Leadership courses that will pragmatically improve your leadership skills. There's interactive decisions you have to make in those courses. So check it out. EF online.com. And then EF overwatch. If you are a business person and you are looking for leaders. Which is what you need in your company. You need leadership. If you want leadership in your company. We have special operations and combat aviation veterans. And we are getting them placed into your company. So go to EF overwatch if you are looking for leaders in your company. And if you want to cruise hard more with us on the interwebs. Twitter, Instagram, and on Facebook. Of course, I'm at Echo Charles in chocolate at jockel willink. What are the three platforms? Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook. That's what I'm talking about. Thank you. Thank you. I wasn't quite sure what you said. And thanks to everyone out there that wears the cloth of our nation. A military uniform. Thank you for your sacrifice. And thanks to your families as well. Who also sacrifice to keep the nation safe. And thanks to police law enforcement, firefighters, paramedics, EMTs, dispatchers, correctional officers, Border Patrol, Secret Service, all first responders for what you do every day. And thanks to your families as well for supporting you so that you all can support us. And everyone else out there. Remember that life goes by like a summer day. And you don't have time to get hung up on failures. You don't have time to dwell in the past. And you can't preserve the memories perfectly. So make sure you get out there every day. And you make new memories by moving forward. And getting after it. And until next time, this is Echo and Jockel. Out.