 This is Jockel Podcast number 307 with Echo Charles and me. Jockel willing Good evening Echo. Good evening. Also joining us again tonight is Dave Burke. Good evening Dave. Good evening. I gave everyone fair warning that this book was going to take a while. We are going to continue the review of on the psychology of military incompetence which we started on podcast 303 304 305 306. Now we're on 307. You haven't listened to those go back and do so. If you listen to those, you probably realized that which I realized I haven't pointed out yet. I hope it's obvious even though the context of these books is military. It doesn't just apply to the military. It applies to everyone in every leadership situation which is why we can learn so much from these insights with that. Let's get. Well, let's get back to the book. Yes. Let's say on the psychology of military incompetence by Dr. Norman F. Dixon also World War II that wounded in action legit guy. Little bit too crazy on the psychology stuff sometimes, especially nowadays. The psychology of some of the psychology of Freud's been debunked. Freud was a cocaine addict. Freud was what's it prescribed in cocaine for like every problem that you had. You said, oh, I'm not feeling really cocaine. Oh, you know, I'm sick to my stomach cocaine. I'm not getting along with my wife cocaine. This guy was doing cocaine and prescribing cocaine. And apparently he lied about a bunch of stuff too. He would say that he cured people that never got cured or he would say that they were cured but they were really just cocaine addicts. So there is some stuff. And I don't know, the I never was a big psychology guy until we had Jordan Peterson on this podcast. That was kind of the first time I said, oh, I get it. That's where I realized these guys are brain mechanics that understand there's a problem. They look at it. They go, yep, we've seen this before. Yep, I know this pattern. Oh, you're scared of this thing or you don't get along with these types of people or whatever. They say, yep, we've seen that before. Here's how we can actually fix it. I prior to that thought psychology was what's the right word kind of, you know, gobbledy-gook. Is that the right word? What would you just say? We'll we'll. Yeah, a little bit of woo-woo stuff, a little bit like, hey, how could these guys? What are they going to do with spring, your ear? You know, I thought it was that kind of thing. I didn't realize that they had methodologies and that they made sense. What about hypnosis or whatever? I don't really understand hypnosis too much. I've never been hypnotized. I've never even been to one of those shows where people get hypnotized and they act like a monkey or whatever. Have you been to one of those? Yeah. You believe it? I believe that hypnosis can work on some people. In fact, I think that's the chance. Yeah, yeah, but the show that I went to, I went to two of them that I remember. And I remember thinking this hypnitist isn't that good, either not that good or the person, the subject or whatever was just sort of going along. Not because they're re-in on some scam. But more, there's down for the call. Down for the call, exactly right. They didn't want to make everything lit down and stuff. So they just did it. Have you ever seen anywhere you'd hypnotized? No. Have you ever been hypnotized? No. Well, there's little tests they can do. They let that. I saw them in Rogan. Yeah, yeah. I saw that from a role in your eyes back or something. Like, who's that guy? I don't know if you're good. So that's kind of, you know how you kind of looked at it. Not really, 100% sure. That's kind of how I looked at psychology before. Or Jordan came on and I understood. And what was weird was how he was explaining exposure therapy, which is exactly what's in way the word kidnised. Oh, this stuff can make sense. Got it. But of course there's some weird stuff. They're still weird stuff in psychology. And they're doing weird stuff right now in the psychological world. The way they're coming out with all kinds of weird things. So did you study psychology or did you take any psych... I'm sure I took something. Actually, I'm not sure I did. But I don't remember if I did, I don't remember it other than maybe whatever you learned in high school. Maybe that's what maybe think it was. That's the term you used. And what did I say? Gobble, the Gobble. The Cube. Some advice. So the psychologist out there, I apologize. It's not Gobble the Gook and it's not Woo Woo. It's legit. It's mind mechanics. Well, okay, you ever heard of Pavlov's dog? Yes. Okay, so just that alone. So that's legit. Yeah, just that on think about it. Frickin' you just associate a bell with food and it's your body response. You're being hit. Stuff that you don't control just responds in that way. It's like, okay, so you just think about how deep that goes. And then people who understand that and can navigate and guide and influence in that way. Yep. Yeah, that makes sense. And so here's the deal. On this book, I didn't want to just start trying to play psychological historian. Right. And go back. But there's definitely some things I read. I was like, okay, bro. Hey, Dr. Nixon, I respect you, but I'm not going to, it's too much, right? It's too much. A lot of that Freudian stuff is too much. Weird. Not just weird. It's not that it's just weird. If it's weird, but it makes, but it's backed up. Cool. There's weird stuff going on in your head. But when you read something, you go, that seems kind of weird. Then you find out that it's all deepunked anyways. And that was the deal with Freud. Freud, like I said, on the last podcast, a broken clock is right twice a day. Well, that's the same thing with Freud. He was right about some stuff. The biggest thing being that you do have underlying psychological thoughts, subliminal thoughts, your subconscious thoughts, not subliminal. Subconscious thoughts that would drive your decision making it, make you act a certain way. So if you got whatever your parents treated you a certain way, you're going to tend to wave, if your parents built distrust in you, you might not trust people as much. If they wanted you to win all the time, you might, and that could go two ways, right? You could be like, oh, I'm going to win or I don't give a shit. Yeah. Right? So it's weird how you're going to turn out. But what is, you can't predict how the person's going to turn out. But you can say it has to do with the fact that every time little Johnny did get win in first place, his dad was beating him. He either grows up in his winning or he just doesn't care about competing. Right. It's not even competing. But those are underline costs. Now what Freud did was he brought it all down to like how you were potty trained. And just, no, it's not just that. So that being said, there are underlying things and this guy ends up profiling all these different people. So here we go. We're going to get into this. This section is called character and honor kind of going. It opens up with a great quote. Why should a man be in love with his fenders, though of gold? So you are chained. And you're in love with those chains. But you shouldn't be. Even if they're made of gold, you shouldn't be in love with them. And another one moderation in war is in facility. Interesting. Going to the book here in the context of militarism, the forces of conscious and of character manifest themselves in various guises, in medieval notions of shivari, in codes of honor such as the duel and in the belief that officers must of necessity be gentlemen. As Carl DeMet Tomato showed, has shown in his history of the German officer corps, these notions of honor and shivari brought about and wore themselves reinforced by a care to select officer material from the aristocracy and rural landowners. A state of affairs reflected in the contrast of snobbiness, exclusiveness, sense of honor and lack of intellectual ability, which obtained between the officer corps, corps drawn from the aristocratic junk or families of the great-per-state of Russia and those more bourgeois elements from the industrialized southwest of Germany. So these old military officers came from rich folk. And these are there's a difference between some of the rich folk that were in the city and some of the rich folk that were big landowners and they had a little bit different behavior. Not going to spend too much time on that, but I'm going to fast forward a little bit. A code of honor is a set of rules for behavior. The rules are observed because to break them provokes the distressing emotions of guilt or shame, whereas guilt is a product of knowing that one is transgressed and therefore might be found out, shame results from actually being found out in military circles traditionally the greater crime. It is usually assumed that military codes of honor serve to reduce fear. This may well be so. Their primary object, however, is to combat not so much fear as the sort of behavior to which fear might otherwise give rise. In other words, they are designed to ensure that threatening situations are met by fight rather than flight. They do this by making the social consequences of flight. The social consequences of flight rather more unpleasant than the physical consequences of flight. That's freaking radical, right? Like I would rat and you hear a team guy say this all the time, but I'd rather just freaking die than be a scissor. 100% I've heard of that, it was better fact, BTF Tony said that on this podcast, he's scared shitless of heights and he's on some 80 story building in Hong Kong or Singapore or something, he's got to repel off of it and he's totally thinking he's going to die. He's like, well, I would rather die than be a scissor up here. So they're rules work, whereas the latter might lead to physical pain, mutilation, and death, the former, ofventuates with far greater certainty in personal guilt and public shame. What I'm thinking about this is I'm saying to her, think like, who fought? Who said it to what you know what we need to do is we need to create a code of honors that we can make sure that people don't run away. That would be some really meticulous, like, preemptive ideas. I'm thinking that there's a tribal nature to this stuff. We are instinctively programmed that if you run, you're not looking out for your clan and you suck and we don't like you. I think that's, I think there's an instinct to that, not just a code that's written by modern man, but I think there's like a code that's instilled in us by being an animal. Yeah. That seems like the case for sure. Maybe the code is just to like take that in an extreme situation. Correct. And animals have it too. Like a pack of hyenas go after a lion or whatever. They go after animals that can definitely kill a couple of them. But they'd rather be the one that gets killed than be the one that runs away. And they know that if they can't run away, they're not going to survive as a species. So they got to get it on. Man, I watched some hyenas the other day. Discover each animal? No, like YouTube, freaking red zone. Like, hey, I'm nine videos deeper, whatever. But dude, this zebra was getting to eat and by hyenas. And first of all, hyenas were savage. Hyenas are my favorite land animal, by the way. But the zebra was stoic. He was having his legs eaten. And he looked, the look on his face was he was watching it after new movie. Yeah, I've seen that too. I wonder if there's like a thing that triggers on a prey animal that like, because you see that a lot. It's not like you don't see water, no, if I've ever seen any zebra, sinned or prey animal, like screaming and stuff. Oh, no, I have. You have. I always see the deer just sort of stoic. Oh, no, there's there's ones where those things are just screaming and not handling it. Yeah, I think there's stoic zebra and there's an unscheduled zebra. That's what I think. Cool. He's got a little indent here, little section. When a soldier in action sees his life in immediate danger, even the bravest will we seize to buy a moment of fear, biologically speaking, fear is a natural reflexensation of the instinct of self preservation, which dwells within every man, heroes included. Again, what's a little bit interesting about that is like Dean Ladd being on this podcast, going to Taroa and a head dean, were you scared? He's like, no, but it was going to happen to someone else. So maybe even the high-enus think it's going to happen to someone else. That Paul ain't going to hit me. We're not going to catch a freaking K-9 tooth to the jugular on this one. The victories to be one, the elementary physical sensation must somehow be artificially suppressed, over-compensated by a contrary reflex of the psychic and moral kind, converted into action. Bro, I'm a little bit in disagreement here, because I've seen guys that you just like, well, this guy doesn't care. He doesn't think he can die. Whatever, walking across the street, running across the street, totally going against, I don't think there's enough time to think, I want to go drag that guy out of the street, but it looks really dangerous, but I want to prove myself. No, they're like, hey, I'm going to go get that guy, because he's her, what do you think, Dave? Yeah, I mean, I'm thinking about all this, like, even the need to write this stuff down, all this stuff pragmatically makes sense, but I deserve people do things in environments that sort of defy some of the things that are being said. So in a bare minimum, there's definitely exceptions to this idea that all men have this thing. And if they don't all have it, some of them go through whatever that process is in light speed, if it's still happening, and I can't see it, it's happening so quickly that they're just on doing things. I have seen people do things that are dumb and be like, hey, bro, you need to get, put your head down. From a basic self preservation, like, sniper fires a good example, we would take sniper fire pretty regularly. And I've seen guys get so frustrated and so fed up, and I saw a platoon commander once behaved just incorrectly walking around on the roof to have like, no, this isn't moving past the fear. This is some other disconnect there. I know that's not exactly what you're talking about, but I've seen people behave like that. Oh, no, I was on a rooftop one time, and we started taking fire and there were some army dudes I was up there with a couple army dudes, and we started taking a little bit of fire, and it was, you know, chinching, whatever, and I'm just standing there, and the guys kind of got down, and I was just being, you know, Mr. Bath, Mr. Bath, that's right. Hey, whatever, no factor on Colonel Kilgore, and then all of a sudden like another like three rounds of ripped really closer. Yeah, I had the decks. I had the deck. I wasn't so cool anymore. So my self-preservation was kind of kicked in. Those ones are close. Yes. You threshold those kind of more further down. And that's different. You got it. There's a threshold, and you see people have different thresholds, and some maybe the threshold either doesn't exist or it's so narrow, there's no real gap there that you can observe. But to say the way he said it, I agree with you, like there's, I've seen people do things like that, that's not what I've seen. No, it's not done happen all the time, but you see it. I'm not sure. Next to the negative content of this counter reflex is the feeling of shame. If it says, you don't stand fast now, but run away, the others will laugh at you and despise you. Again, that's a lot of thought to be having in the moment of truth. That's a lot of, I mean, I've done some stuff that was dumb or what I would. I've done some stuff where it's like, hmm, hey, should I be doing this right now? Maybe not, but I don't even think about that. I wasn't thinking, oh, I don't want to look bad. I was like, hey, there go whatever crosses the tree, go to go this, whatever. Assold your must therefore be provided unless nature has done. You know, it's another good example, it's Mike Thornton. I was, you know, Mike Thornton's just huckin' ingrenade fights with people. He shot people shot. There's people all around him. And I asked him when he was on the podcast, like, oh, we know what you think and you might get shot. And he's like, no, no, he's just, no, I never thought about that. It's gonna say my friend. Next question. He was almost embarrassed that I asked that question. He was like, dude, what is wrong with you? Ha ha ha. A soldier must therefore be provided unless nature has done the job already. Oh, so he's got a little caveat. So there's a possibility that nature just made you brave with a set of automatic inhibitions that will save him in the moment of danger from a collapse of his own morale. Discipline, of course. Thank you. Discipline, of course, can hold him steady from without. And his one moral defense against internal weakness is the sense of honor to arouse this sense in the ordinary soldier cultivated and above all, inspire it by his own example is the officer's highest duty and to fulfill that duty he must himself have a sense of honor that is well developed, active and finely tuned. Yeah. That's a lot of pre-conceived thought. Like the Marine Corps, it back in what we coming up on the what anniversary of the Marine Corps? 1775 minus 20. Yeah, 100. Yeah, 100. A couple hundred and a half, whatever, 250 something years of ending the Marine Corps said, you know what we need to do. We need to create a code of honor. So that Marines, they won't run away. Like I can't see that app. No. And I'm just thinking of the basic fundamental training I've been through as an officer of the Marine Corps. I don't remember any of that. I've never been given the code of conduct. And there is unquestionably from day one, you don't want to look bad in front of your peers. I know that feeling of getting to like, officer candidate school in the basic school in flight school and like, oh, I don't want to look bad. I understand that feeling. But there was a lot of words there to describe the situation that almost implies that you're going to have some sort of cognitive process to go, let me do a quick cost benefit here of running away to save my life or, you know, what my peers will think of me down the road. Do that. I can't connect with that. Right, like three months into the basic school, you're like, you know what, if anything happens, I'm not going to run. Yeah. Check. To the extent that a code of honor is reflexive in the sense used by a Demeter. It is so inflexible thereby leading on occasions to behavior that is so irrational as to burr on the absurd. That makes sense. There are sometimes where people have done stuff that does it make sense. It doesn't make sense. What they're doing. That's not going to be a good way to do it. But it doesn't make sense. And it's not even good. The following example illustrates the juxtaposition of bull and honor. The year was 1755. General Braddock set out with his two regiments, the 44th and the 48th and 600 irregular on a march to fort. Deca Seney. About nine miles from it, he was ambushed by Indians led by French officers. The result was disastrous. The men in their scarlet uniforms and white spatter dashes marching in columns where the sort of target ambush forces dream of. The Amican imaginers here come the literal British red coats. Here they come marching in columns and they can ambush by the French and the Indians. Helpless because they could not see their enemies. Some of the British troops broke for cover and fired from behind trees. Okay. Cool. This appalled Braddock and his officers, they considered scolicking behind trees both undisciplined and unsolgedly so they drove the Tommy's back into columns. Where, of course, they were butchered. The whole episode was glaring proof that neither leaders nor the system under which they operated were worthy of the troops they used. But that's like crazy, right? That's crazy. What I'm thinking about was that there's another example. So I'm thinking about was that that Japanese soldiers would ever surrender to the enemy that they were not instructed as to how they should comport themselves as they did. As a consequence, Japanese POWs were relatively fruitful source of information for Allied interrogators. I never thought about that because I've always heard that when the Japanese got captured they would like spill their guts but I never thought about why it's because they never got any training. There's like, oh, you will just die. No one's going to surrender. Well, actually we're going to surrender when this bill are guts. Fast forward a little bit. Talking about this snob situation, snob. Such a good word. A snob is one who is impressed by and therefore tries to identify with those who are higher up in the socio-economic scale while straining to disassociate himself from those lower down. By these lights, such everyday affections as name dropping and paying society magazine to publish photographs of oneself or one's nearest family are obvious examples of snob-ish nish. Name dropping. We know Echo's big on that one. I get these, one of they called chain emails. No, not a chain email like an automatic email. Yeah. Spam emails, right? It'll say, congratulations, Jaco Willink. You have been named as CEO of the year or as entrepreneur of the year or of entrepreneur of the decade and we, you know, congratulations. This is an incredible thing. And we would want to send you the full magazine that you will be published in along with a plaque recognizing your incredible achievements as a business leader. And the cost is over $11,399. And it's kind of funny, right? But then you got to remember, man, I've been to some people's offices when I got some plaque on the walls and now I know where they come from. Now I know where they come from. As a general role, snobbish behavior betoken some underlying feeling of inferiority. It is a common characteristic of the social climber of the individual with low self-esteem of the person who feels threatened or persecuted because of some real or imagined in inadequacy. So when you deal with someone that's a snob, they actually are feeling inferior. That there is an underlying pathology to the condition seems fairly obvious for two reasons. Firstly, those who are emotionally secure are rarely snobbish. Isn't that a nice thing to know and understand if you're emotionally secure, you're not going to be a snob? Secondly, the behavior is itself irrational, compulsive, and self-defeating. After all, even the most hardened snob must know that other people are adept at seeing through his affections. So you're going to act that way, you know people, because I explained this all the time to clients and at the most, I usually have to spend some time on this. Everyone can see what you're thinking. Your intent has a smell. It's so obvious. And you know it. And you deep down, you know it. Sometimes it's shocking, though, because I don't think people do know it. I think I agree with that. No, I mean, to what he's saying, right? Oh, he's saying that unless I'm hearing you incorrectly, he's saying that deep down, you know that behavior is observed by other people. And to me, that that's what makes the behavior crazy is the willingness to have that thought and go, no, no, I can get away with this. You know, I can do this differently. I can see it in him super obvious. But when I do this, it's not going to come across the snobbish. Yeah. That's the part for me. It's like that's crazy to think that you can pull it off. That is that is crazy. And I see that all the time. All the people think they're so smart. Think no one's noticing these little maneuvers. They're making it so obvious. Yes, so remember when we went on a little, we were talking about it a lot for some reason. And so I thought about it. And I don't think it's the kind of where they think I'm getting away with it. I don't think that's the thought. I think the thought is like, they're paying attention to what they're saying and all this stuff. But in their mind, instead of, oh, I look snobby and dumb or whatever that I'm doing this name drop in and all that, they don't think that. They think, oh, when I name drop, these people are going to think that I'm as cool as I'm trying to be. It's going to work. Yeah. But today's point, they see someone else name drop. And they go, right, freaking echoes over there trying to name drop. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It's like, but there's a little hints of that way of backwards thinking where it applies everyone else to not me, right? I'm super paranoid about that. Bro, and that's a good quality because then it, you know, the kind, it's a old joke where people give great relationship advice, right? They think they give such good relationship advice, but everyone's like, you don't have any good relationships. You know, that kind, you know, right? So it's kind of everywhere where we think that it applies to everyone else and doesn't apply to me or it applies to me and no one else or whatever. And that's what Dave says. Yeah. It's like, oh, this, I can, I can name drop. Yes. And it's pretty cool. Effective, exactly. So yeah. But they see someone else doing it. They're like, yeah, make sure. Or even the snob, you, I know some snops. Unfortunately. And I get the same impression kind of like, right? Because snob's special when they're behaving in a snobby way, it looks dumb. Like, it's kind of embarrassing, especially if you know the person in like, I'm even a little bit. It's kind of embarrassing. Like, you wish they wouldn't for their sake act like that. But you can tell they think, oh my gosh, these people must be so impressed with my, with my standards. You know, my high standards. Speaking of just brand me, males, I get these, I get invites to podcasts. Yeah. Hell yeah. And the podcast invite will say, you don't recently had this person. It's just literally just a list of name dropping stuff. And I think to myself, bro, what are you doing? Tell me about, you know, what your podcast is about. It's, they didn't even play around. They're just like, have this person this person, this person, this person, this person, this person. You think, man. Yeah, they think it was a little game too. There's a little status. You know, they're one of that. They can get you on. Then they could get this person on. Then they're listing you at every freaking chance. They got that. Yeah. Yeah. It's freaking savagery in the freaking podcast zone. That's the book. There is nothing, for example, quite so transparent as name dropping or displaying invitations. He must know it's some level of this behavior provokes at best amusement at worst ridicule, contempt or even dislike. But he is nonetheless powerless to curb his snobbishness. Something drives him on. I like that. I like the way it takes, like, you have to drive through it. But why should the military be snobbish? Firstly, because traditionally top levels of the military hierarchy were occupied by the rich and highly borne, the notions of socioeconomic and military status came. It just became completely related. Then it goes on to say, officers are also stressed from within to know that they have wedded their lives to essentially destructive ends, that they should, that they shoulder great responsibilities, that they may be called upon to carry out tasks far beyond their capabilities and that the price of failure is enormous, is quite sufficient to initiate feelings of uneasiness. Even notions of retirement are fraught with stress. The knowledge that most ex-officeers have little value on the civilian labor market, that there are a lot of total obscurity of gential poverty that they only, that only the very best and very worst of full generals and above are likely to achieve immortality and that none of them will ever again command the absolute obedience to which they have grown accustomed that can hardly be described as reassuring. That's kind of crazy, right? You're in the military, you're an officer, you get out, people are looking. You think you're the still man, ain't happened. To the factors underlying the self-protective and compensating aspects of snobbish, snobbishness must be added what is perhaps the most important one of all pre-existing doubts of the self. Since, as we noted earlier, there is much in militarism to attract those without about their masculinity and intellectual capacity, it would not be surprising to find that a number of men with problems over self-esteem will be discovered at all levels of the military hierarchy. Why do we have a bunch of snobbs? Well, because they're insecure about who they are. One piece of corroborative evidence for these views comes from yet another characteristic of many military organizations. Their notorious sensitivity to criticism. People don't like to be criticized. They're not as far to talk about little bit in talking of criticism. It might seem that we are making a great deal of fuss about nothing. After all, nobody likes criticism. And as far and as for complaints against military historians, it is only natural, indeed audible that some show loyalty to one's group, because he had gone on to a little thing about how some mismilitary historians don't say anything bad about leaders from the military. But he said, you know, he said, that's understandable because they kind of have a little bit of hero worship going on. But he goes on to say, there are some special features of the phenomenon in some military men which deserve attention. In the first place, their sensitivity seems out of all proportion to that of other public figures. In terms of fame or notoriety, well-known generals or admirals are on the level with film stars, politicians, and even newsworthy academics. It's one would expect that they might come to accept the possibility of negative publicity as part of the game, a small price to pay, for the perks which they otherwise enjoy. This they seem unable to do. In fact, there is a distinctly paranoid element in the way some senior commanders have reacted to even the faintest breath of criticism. To the vaguest and most tactful suspicion of a raised eyebrow are cleared throat, almost as if they were being held personally responsible for everything that might go wrong. By the way, you should be held for a lot of irony. There's a lot of irony in that one. You get these people that are insecure and they end up being snobbs. He closes out this section saying, in touching upon this delicate matter, we must not lose sight of this evidence significance and relevance in the present context. Whatever else it may be, sensitivity to criticism is a measure of insecurity. That's so important to remember. You look like so insecure when you get offended by criticism. In implies a weak ego, which in turn, by way of compensation manifests itself in particular character traits, one of which is snobbishness. Whether this ego weakness is due to some early shock to self-esteem or fear of the breakthrough of unacceptable impulses or some combination of the two influences, the individual so afflicted, develop certain defenses which help to minimize his painful feelings. This fine support and yet another feature of military organizations, their cults of anti-affemination. It's going into our next chapter, anti-affemination. We don't want to be feminine. We want to be masculine. It says there's a quote in here from General Chaffey. Let war cease altogether and a nation will become a feminine. We just need war. He goes here saying, when discussing the various anxieties which militarism serves to reduce brief mention was made of the fears which some men entertain about their masculinity. This thus, it was pointed out that though primarily concerned with combating the dread of disorder and dissolution, certain setorial aspects of bullshit might also help to reassure those with problems in this area. They say in there, they impose discipline because you're anti-feminist. Ampty, feminine, feminists, feminists, feminine or feminists. And that some of these, you know, imposing your will on people means you're not like a feminine. Are we getting into the kind of the weird zone of this book a little bit? He says, in putting together the jigsaw of military incompetence, therefore we now, we can now take up a piece, one piece which clearly has great relevance to the topic. The striking of version towards a feminacy which characterizes some military organizations and this despite the fact that the female is usually regarded as, quote, more deadly than the male. Okay, so I had to, I don't know, this was written in 1976. Obviously this is a topic that might be addressed differently today but what I did want to do, what I did look up is I said, okay, what is a feminine characteristic and what is a masculine character and a characteristic, generally speaking. Now, okay, I'll just go to read them first. And this is coming from some website about psychology, right? Masculine strong controlled focused powerful centered purpose driven loves a challenge and competition single task oriented problem solver wants freedom and release makes big things small. Forgets needs admiration and appreciation wants to be needed and respected. They're the masculine intimacy killer is being criticized controlled or shut out. So those are the masculine characteristics. Here's the feminine characteristics. Free flowing open radiance. Wild, destructive, emotion driven seeks and gives love, nurtureer, multitasker, diffused awareness wants to gather, talk, vent, makes small things big. Members needs reassurance and attention wants trust connection and praise. The intimacy killer is feeling unseen, unsafe or misunderstood. Now, clearly these things every human has both these things in a spectrum and you could call, you didn't need, I think what makes them challenging to talk about in this day and age they put man and woman on them, what they should have done is said, just black and white to do. Yeah, yng and yng would have been perfect. You got the yng personality, you got the Yng personality. Here's how they are not necessarily men and women because let's face it. We know a lot of women that are strong controlled and focused, we know a lot of men that are free flowing open radiance, right? But I think they're generally speaking psychologically here some characteristics. So that's where we're at. Dave, are you concerned yet? Is this the freaking podcast that gets us banned finally? I don't know. No, I'm concerned at the depth that this guy is going into to explain what I think is going to be a series of behaviors that we're going to discuss that are really deep. Yes, it's interesting because what he's saying is and what he says is that the military can shut out these feminine characteristics and that's not good. Yeah. That's what he's about to say. Yeah. One of the negative characteristics of a militaristic organization is that it doesn't have enough of the feminine characteristics, for instance, free and open mind. Right? Those are bad. If you don't have those, you're in a bad situation. So he goes on to say evidence of this aversion is of necessity, circumstantial. He didn't brace it such a phenomenal. So here's some things that kind of show maybe this anti-affeminate role that you have in the military. One of the important to attach to such outward signs of sexual identification as hair length. Just the insistence on short back and sides seems correlated with those periods in history when sexual differentiation was linked to hair length. We can dismiss excuses of neatness and hygiene as rationalizations. Field Marshal Lord Wolsey stated the true case when he said it is very difficult to make an Englishman at any time look like a soldier. He is fond of his longish hair, hair is the glory of a woman but the shame of a man. So what he's saying is listen, it's not about hygiene, it's not about convenience, which by the way, I totally disagree with this. I think having short hair is totally convenient, low maintenance, hygienic, neat. That's why I have the hair that I have. When my hair gets longer than three quarters of an inch, which has been for a long time, I can't stand it. I don't think I can look at a woman, I need to shave my head right now, not even in the ballpark. Dude, I think he's stretching here. I think he's doing a stretch. In fact, the other thing is how do you bring uniformity to a person's hair? You cut it off. Otherwise, you have some dude with long red hair, you got some other dude with curly hair, you got another dude with no hair, you got all these different hair styles. And now, the sun, we look different. We're not trying to look different. And you know how like when people grow old, they have like longer hair and it starts to go in front of their face and they go with it back with their head. That's a functionality thing, I get it, but it looks pretty feminine. Okay. What about when you see a fighter, a professional fighter in the ultimate fighting championship, and he has to adjust his hair while he's fighting, by the way. Same kick, right? Same kick, it doesn't make him any less on the fighter, but then I get technically right, you got to do one more step for efficiency or whatever I guess, but you know, isn't that a sexual thing when girls do that, flip their hair? That's like a mating thing, right? I was just gonna play a great way to watch in that dude fight. And they're like, bro, how do you see? And he's constantly messing with his hair and it doesn't seem to affect him on that much. That's true. And his hair was so freaking wild. It was almost like a target disruptor. Like they see his hair would be moving around. Same thing with big ass beards. Like how does that not throw off your punch to someone's chin when they've got a beard, a big beard. That's a problem. I don't know if this is true, but I distinctly remember being told, and I don't even know who told me, but you're hair, the one of the reasons they talked about you're hair being short is they don't want somebody to be able to use your hair as a way to manipulate your head during hand-hand combat. Freaking on your head and you know, so I don't know that being like in a regulation as the explanation, but being told, hey, if the guy can grab your hair and pull your head because your hair's too long, you're wrong. That's the puts you into disadvantage. You can't do that. So 100% my, I've always, my role was this my role of me, but I will say, I kind of talked to my son about this and however, maybe I'm wrong, didn't really tell my daughters this. I said, hey, if your hair is long enough for someone to grab, then that's a problem. You don't want to have hair that's long enough for someone to grab. I told that to my son. I didn't, I might have told to my daughters, but I didn't enforce it. Right? So I guess I'm whatever, what is that? Sex is? Yeah. No, you know, sex is, but you know, what is it when you treat someone different? Right? You discriminate a little bit. Yeah, whatever. Although I've told, I told all my daughters, like, hey, I can take care of this problem. We can shave that head. I always offer my daughters haircuts. They've never said yes. Yeah, I say it as a joke. I don't know if I don't want to shave my daughter's head, but I told my son the same thing. I was like, yeah, you do want it short. Yeah. So when you get in a fight or whatever, they can't grab your head or the hair like that. Oh, that's what is double standard. I had the double standard. Sure. Although I didn't, I gave them the job. Yeah, but you didn't enforce it, though. Wait, did you enforce it with your son, though? No, but I mean, it kind of makes sense. Hey, so it's for as your role and your level of enforcement, it was the same. Oh, hey, how they behave. That's different. They got different lights. I get it. I kind of thought I might get my middle, when my middle daughter was wrestling. You know, and going into some freaking savagery. Yeah, they don't have a lot of wrestling, though. Or they do. No, they don't. But still, let's face it for principle. Let's face it. You roll it. Your female wrestler and you roll it with the shit. It's kind of like, fuck rose. Right? Yep. We're not looking at fuck rose thinking hell. Yeah. We are. Yeah. Yeah. Even her opponent. Yeah. She's a professional. Yeah. She's never had shame the first time. But you know, my daughter would get the cornbreads, like the real tight braids. That's kind of a war mode to this. You can't grab those, by the way. Yeah, I mean, in the back. Yeah, well, if you have some kind of a ponytail sticking out the back, but for some of my daughter, they don't have that. They would just tight. Interesting. Well, does. Well, is it the same for beard, though? Like a big beard? Totally. Like you can grab the beard. Yeah. If I'm going to be like, it's the exact same thing. I look at someone with a big beard, I think. Handle. You must be super, super double extra confident to think that someone's not going to regain a wrist wrap on that bad boy. It's slam your head in the pavement. Right. Well, I feel like the beard is in a less opportune position, I guess. Technically, still very useful. Yeah. Very useful. But, you know, on the top of the head, that's like, I'd say there's like a good level or two more control. Yeah. It's very shocking when I see guys in front here. Again, you must have a lot of confidence that someone's not going to grab you. And that's one of my favorite takedowns on the battlefield. Just grab a handful of hair and slam people down. It works good. Bro, what's the girl fights on YouTube? Oh. If you have the time, bro, that's going to be the default at some point. They're just going to grab hair. And it's like they kind of nullify both attacks. Yeah. When they're both grabbing hair. So it's man. It's like proof. You know, in the field. Yeah. It's a very, very drug-check scrapping it out on YouTube. It's totally true. It's totally true. Okay. This is a rough topic. Traditional taboos on certain topics and pastimes. Thus we find Captain Foley, commander of Britannia Naval Training Establishment for Officer Cadets at Dartmouth for bidding piano playing because he considered an effeminate. So these are the kind of dudes that are weird, right? This dude's got issues. And he's going hard against piano playing because he's got some weird stuff going on. Yeah, right? Yeah. Another one a deeply rooted prejudice toward women who try to adopt traditional male roles. See that? Finally an equation between defensive behavior and defemination. So if you're on defense, that means you're being effeminate. The feeling that it is scissy to wear ear protectors or build head covers has undoubtedly caused much undecisert unnecessary destruction of the human body. It is not an unreasonable hypothesis to suggest that it's most glaring and costly illustration occurred in connection with the issue of convoys. In the first World War, hundreds of thousands of tons of merchant shipping was lost through the Navy's refusal to adopt the convoys system. When Lloyd George eventually forced convoys upon an unwilling admiralty, losses fell significantly. So their idea was, hey, I'm charging my ship. I'm not going to go with a pack, not weak. I'm not going into convoys. That's weak. I'm a man and I'm going to take this thing so low. And they were losing ships all the time. Finally someone's ate, bro. You guys got to stick together. The lesson was plain for all to see. But in the years between the wars, the same irrational dislike of mothering a flock of ships prevented the development of an efficient escort system. So the brits started taking losses in World War I. World War II, same freaking bad move. Then America entered the war and unbelievably in the face of overwhelming evidence insisted on trying to defeat you, you boats without the use of convoys, same thing. This is World War II. We already know that you should stick together. Between December 1941 and the following March, American losses of merchant shipping grew to the staggering monthly total of 500,000 tons. Eventually the price of aggressive masculinity embodied in the so-called patrol and hunting operations of isolated warships proved too costly. And convoys were instituted between Boston and Halifax. Losses on this route promptly dropped to zero. But South of Boston's ship still sailed independently until June of the number of ships sunk reaching all time record of 700,000 tons in a single month. They still didn't do it. Considered week, it's considered feminine. That's the, okay, hindsight 2020, again it. But when you kind of think of the big picture, it makes more sense than it might appear at first. Because remember back in the day when seat belts weren't what you call legal. Or it was legal still to not receive belt. Then there's like, and then there's a little transition period where it's like, yeah, if you know where your seat belts kind of like, ah, like what you scared, like kind of weaker whatever. Same thing with the kids and the helmets. Like, oh yeah, you're just riding in the cold of secret now. Brad, the helmet is that even necessary? Or you see the kids with the elbow pads, you know, it's kind of like, okay, cool, you're safe, but come on, let's say that's kind of weak, you know. But the truth is, bro, if you care about like the safety or whether it be efficiency, safety, not dying, like all these things, brother, helmet's going to make a lot of sense. Right. After a while, you're going to kind of realize that then it's like, okay, what's more cool now, living or not wearing that helmet? Yep. Yeah, that's a good one. That's, sorry, see, I see, we're just staying in the mind is what I'm saying. So it took these guys a little while to get over the state of mind, like, hey, we kind of look like a sissy. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Because of we're going in a con. Yeah, I don't even know, but he holding my hand. Yeah, you know, I got this. Like, yeah. All right, good. Did any of your dudes not want to wear eye pro? Remember, eye pro, those clear in what situation? It was like going out and literally going out on a mission. Yeah, me. Shut up. I don't say why it had nothing to do with, if, depending on how much movement was taken place, it was like, oh, I'm just kidding. It was like, that's what a lot. And they would be not. They wouldn't be functional for me. That's that is a, that's a legitimate reason to do to close the aisle of like a sissy. Yeah, that's a legitimate reason to do to close the aisle of like a sissy. Yeah, that's a legitimate reason to do to close the aisle of like a sissy. You could wear eye pro, you should, if you can, you should. Yeah. And I only asked that because I remember that being a, like, long conversation with, with folks, not just on my team, but all the people who were with about not wearing eye pro out on missions, not the fogging and the sweat of that was standing, which I fully understandable and there's different ways, different ones to do it and do, didn't want to do it because they didn't like the way it looked. Mm. Really? Well, all you had to do is authorize me where freaking sunglasses, they said, okay, get them. They'll fuck their teeth. Yeah. It's weird though because I always wear sunglasses. Always. Always wear sunglasses, but I never wore sunglasses in the field ever. And I don't know. I didn't seem like just in the way plus they would fog up, they would get sweaty. Yeah. Is there anything in, I guess in the battlefield, it might be more black and white, but like in training or something like that where it's like maybe something optional or something that people don't want to wear or do that's for safety reasons, but it's like, it's like, it's not cool or it's like, you would ever sweat like that. There's a ton of things. In aviation gloves, they're always a big one. Gloves, yeah. Do's in one of where gloves. And then they'd always show like these videos of like post-dejection trauma to your hands or fingers getting literally, they'd call it getting declerved when your skin would come off your hand and leave the bone behind that pictures of guys exiting the cockpit on ejections and stuff or getting burn and things like that. So, like, gloves would stop you from getting declerved. Yes. So, if you have like a ring or a or your climate up or something like that and you didn't have something covering that that could get caught, there's a famous picture, all the any avian are listening to this will no exactly what I'm talking with. There's a famous picture like the Gazette or whatever a magazine of a dude hand on the table like this who's wearing his wedding ring and his hands there, this whole thing has gone all this errors is the remaining piece of bone left on his hand, you know, trying to get people to wear gloves. People didn't want to wear gloves. Did you wear a wedding ring? Yes. I'll do your gloves. Yes. Did you always wear gloves? Yes, I was a glove wearer. And then why would you not want to wear gloves? The complaint was like, oh, it's the tactile like I want to press the buttons and turn the knobs and it's harder to feel and like, can you know, can you cut the fingertips off? Yes. Did you do that? No. Now what would eventually happen is like you'd wear through them and sometimes the fingers would actually you probably even see them in the videos. I'm like, move them my things up and down and the gloves are kind of afraid and whatnot. But it was just to your point. It was a conversation that I was found odd to be quite honest. The reason I wore gloves is like the first day of light school that guy was like, you will wear your gloves and like, okay, Roger that. No, I'm not here to like, I used to it. I'm not here to like tell you, I don't like the way it feels. I didn't even think about it. Put my gloves on and strap them on and that was the end of that. I never found my own style. I have to like, you know, I don't like this. Wasn't in my I didn't, I wasn't in care or think about those things. And you got used to it totally. I want you to get used to it. It doesn't really go. It's no factor. Yeah, it's no factor at all. But there are people that these are conversations and think to the point is like, those conversations about I'm not wearing this for the functionality versus I don't like the way it looks. Those are two totally different things. You tell me, hey, get's fogged up. I can't see sweat. I remember sweat being drawn and down the glass and like these are gone immediately. This is as I look in the mirror, my all I'm all kitted up about to go, I don't like the way I look. I'm not having those conversations in my mind about how I look when I'm doing this. Yeah, well, the fact of knowing you can get your freaking strap in your eyes, you know, little chunks of brass in your eyes, little chunks of crap in your eyes. Like that sucks. Especially Dave Burke, who has a hundred percent plan of going back to flying an airplane with his whole ground situation as over. You were like, I'm a person for my eyes. I was never one-protected. So he goes on to this section here where he starts to use this term, butch. And it's not, it's just basically saying like, I guess we would say like hyper, manly, like a manly man, he uses this term butch. He says by selecting and promoting on the basis of such blutch criteria as size, strength, physical courage and prowess at games, the armed forces tend to ignore other attributes, which really may be of even greater importance to a senior commander, intelligence, high educational level, resistance to breakdown under stress, and substantial reserves of moral courage. Well, clearly this goes down where we're just picking the kind of the tough it's due to be in charge instead of the smartest dude. Not that the smartest dude is necessarily the right one either, because we see smart people that are really dumb. There is of course a counter argument, namely that generals should be heroic leaders, which would necessitate them having at least some of the aforementioned butch traits. Sheer physical size, the possession of decorations for bravery and a find or rugger record, would, according to this argument, confer invaluable leadership qualities upon top military commanders. Unhappily, this theory does not stand up, and by rugger, he means a rung be player. Being good at rugger, in no way ensures the best qualities of military leadership. So called masculine attributes count for very little in comparison with personality and knowing one's job. The most cursory glance at military history suggests that many of the really great military and naval commanders, Napoleon Nelson, Wholford instance, were men of brain and character, not of huge bodies with dazzling records in the field of sport. Of general ship Montgomery says the science and art of command involves an intimate knowledge of human nature. A commander must think two stages ahead. He speaks globally of the physical, physically frail wolf and Nelson, describing the latter as a brilliant semen and most original intelligent and courageous fighter. In the same vein, he comments on the flexibility and brilliant intellect of Napoleon. But nowhere does the field marshal talk about the advantages of fine physique, hairy masculinity and a reputation for long-distance running polo or boxing. So these manly traits, butch traits, according to this book, might not be the most important thing. In fact, he's indicating that they are not the most important thing. We are concerned to relate and explain to indisputable phenomenon. So called peaceful generals who in times of stress reveal themselves as passive, dependent and indecisive and the anti-affemination, ethos of some military organizations to handle these facts the following points were made. Some men, for reasons rooted in early family situation, have serious doubts about their sexual adequacy and or physical strength and size. Such men may deal with their feelings of inferiority by adopting a compensatory style of life in which they strive for reassurance in some suitably symbolic role. The prevailing ethos of many military organizations provides this reassurance hence a percentage of men will seek acceptance by the armed forces simply because such acceptance is a warranty of their masculinity. Once in their continuing and underlying feet of a fear of a feminacy produces that well-known pattern of behavior which we have termed butch. But this behavior itself is highly valued in the armed forces. Hence the individual not only profits by but also contributes to the anti-affemination of his parent organization, it is in his interest to do so. And last, the significance of all this for military and competence is that butch characteristics are not perhaps the most important criteria for top-level leadership. So he's talking about, when I was thinking about this, you definitely see some people like this where you can see that they're in the military to try and maybe compensate for some fears in their own head. And I think it's real obvious just like we talk the obviousness of someone that's a snob, someone that's a name dropper. Because let's face it, there's some guys in the military that are 100% badass military dudes and like that's just how they are. This idea that you get some people that are countering their innate feminine traits by just trying to act super tough. You see some of those guys, I don't think it's very widespread. You certainly see some of them, but it's not, it's not that common. When you see it, it's very obvious that that's what you're dealing with. They're usually over the top with their behavior. But then I think the most important thing that he's saying is that in the military, sometimes that you start to focus on that. We don't want someone that's going to raise their hand and have an open mind to stuff or going to, I mean, think about some of these feminine traits that are good, multitasker, wants to talk, communicate, remembers things, free, flowing, and open. A motion driven, we talk all the time about the fact that we don't want people to make emotional decisions, but you don't want someone that doesn't have any emotion, because that's how you end up with a commander that's just sending people to the other death. So to, well, that's why we wrote the dichotomy of leadership. All these myth mask that infeminent traits, you need them both. And you need to have balance. You need to have balance in the individuals, and then you need to have balance in a unit. You might have, you know, you're going to need some people in your platoon that just are killers. But if you have a whole platoon filled with killers, that's going to be a problem. And you need to have some people in your platoon that are very empathetic. But if you have a whole platoon of empathetic people, you're not going to be able to get any mission stuff. So you need a balance of these feminine and masculine traits. You need to have the proper balance of ying and ying. So where does toxic masculinity fit into all this? Or is this just talking about toxic, but since it was written back in, you know, before the term before the term, the toxic masculinity, I wrote an article about this one time. The toxic masculinity is when you take any of the considered traditional masculine traits and you take them to an extreme. And then you end up with someone that's, quote, toxic masculine. So here's the thing, when I wrote that article, I wrote about, because they were saying, you know, being competitive is a toxic masculine trait. No, it's not. It's a good trait to have. Being strong. That's a masculine trait. Is it toxic? No. Do what's another one? Um, being purpose driven. That's a masculine trait according to this list. Is that a bad thing? If you take it to an extreme, when you got someone that's they just want to win and then it's actually people, yeah, that's bad. If you want someone that wants to be just so strong and powerful that they'll just step on other people, that's bad. So if you take some of these things to extreme, they're a problem. And when I ended up saying in that article, there's these, these are good characteristics for for a person to have, including my three daughters. I want my daughters to be assertive. I want them to be strong. I want them to be competitive. What you want you don't want your daughters to be like that? No, of course. You want your sons to be like that, too. Do you want any of your kids to go too far in those directions? No, absolutely not. So the toxic masculinity, I think is when you start taking any of these characteristics to the extreme, it becomes a problem. Is that answer your question? Yeah, I'm wondering if this is essentially like what he's talking about before it was actually like a phrase. Yeah, and I think if you get an organization where they've gone too far in one direction, it's a problem. Yeah. Now, well, so we got just people that are just following orders, just ultra obedient, because that's what the the masculine thing is we just want to we want to obey and be part of the team. Okay, cool. Yeah. Not good. Okay. Chapter 20, leaders of men, how can the ability to lead depend on the ability to follow? You might as well say that the ability to float depends on the ability to sink. That's an interesting quote, which I don't agree with. The ability to lead, you don't necessarily, no, sorry, in order to follow, you don't necessarily, doesn't mean necessarily you're going to be a good leader, but if you're going to be a good leader, you better know how to follow as well. So that quote right there, which is from the Peter Principal, don't agree with it. Whatever it's other causes military incompetence implies a failure in leadership. This is hardly surprising of psychological problems, which beset military officers, few exceed and severity those associated with leadership. In this respect, they're required to fulfill incompatible roles. They're expected to show initiative, yet remain hemmed in by regulations. They must be aggressive, yet never in support of it. They must be a serious and caring for their men, yet maintaining enormous social distance. They must know everything about everything yet never appear intellectual. Finally, as we saw in the last chapter, they may well have been selected for attributes almost totally unrelated to the task they expected to perform. So that's an entire list of dichotomies of leadership. Discussing this of leadership is so often overloaded with vague, but a motive idea is that one is hard to put the nail to nail the concept down. So now he's trying to come up with a, with a definition for leadership. To cut through the monopoly of such quasi moral and unacceptable associations as patriotism. Play up and play the game. Never asking your men do something you wouldn't do for yourself. Not giving up. The square jaw, frank eyes of steadfast gaze. These are all like these sort of leadership things. If you'll, if you'll be a man, recipe, so he's given all these kind of traditional quotes about leadership and then he gives his, the simple truth that leadership is no more than exercising such an influence upon others that they tend to act and concert towards achieving a goal which they might not have achieved so readily had they been left to their own devices. Fair enough. Does that an epic definition of leadership? Not really. But it's a decent one. The ingredients which bring about this favorable state of affairs are many and varied. The most superficial level at the most superficial level, they are believed to include such factors as voice, stature and appearance, impression of omniscience, trustworthiness, sincerity and bravery. Add a deeper and rather more important level, leadership depends on a proper understanding of the needs and opinions of those one hopes to lead and the context in which leadership occurs. So that's a great definition. Well not so much a definition but it's a great point. Hey, your voice, your stature, your trustworthiness, your sincerity, your bravery. Those things are all important. But guess what's even more important? Understanding the needs and opinions of the people you're leading. That's what he's saying right there. So he nails that part straight up in short, there's nothing mysterious romantic or necessarily lovable about leadership in military organizations. Leaders are appointed rather than emergent. That is to say the needs of the individual soldier play almost no role in deciding the sort of leader he gets. Secondly, the military leader possesses constitutional power of a magnitude which surpasses that of leaders in most other human groups. If he cannot pull his followers by force of character, he can at least push them by force a law. I don't really bind to that too much. That's like, you know, because in the civilian world, oh, you don't want to do it. I'm telling you, call him in a fire you. Which you can do just like in the military, you can say shut up and do what I told you to do because I, you know, I have the backing of the constitution behind me, neither one of those are good leadership and they won't pan out for very long. The third and related feature of military leadership is that it essentially is essentially autocratic and operates in what modern theorists call a wheel net rather than an all channel communication net. In other words, the flow of essential information is too and fro between the leader and his subordinates rather than between all members of the group, not very surprisingly the wheel net, though no doubt gratifying to autocratic leaders produces more errors, slower solutions to problems and reduce gratification to the group, then does the more democratic all channel net. That's interesting. You want to participate with your whole group. I think that's how I operate. It doesn't really matter who comes with an ideal. We're good with it. Let's share it. In light of these considerations, it just perhaps trains that leadership in the British armed forces should have been as effective as it has. So he's like saying it's amazing that the British military was so effective because they freaking operate on these principles that suck. Since a salient feature of and by the way, you want to know why the soldiers, the soldiers get the job done. Since a salient feature of all the campaign so far considered has been a remarkable absence of the mutinist tendencies and a quite astonishing degree of tolerance for a dude and bravery shown by the common soldier. We have to ask was this despite or because of the leaders I'm going to go ahead and say despite in many cases. I saw this with many, many platoons over the years. You could have bad leadership, but if you have a few pipe hitters in there, then they will make things happen and that platoon will be successful even with bad leadership. Despite the leadership, they'll be successful. The first point of note is the distinction that has to be drawn between two roles of a leader, task specialist and social specialist. A task specialist is a leader's prime concern as a task specialist. A leader's prime concern is to achieve the group's goal in the case of the military defeating the enemy. For such a role being likable is rather less important trait than that of being more active, more intelligent and better informed than his followers. In his capacity as a social specialist, however, a leader's main function is to preserve good personal relations with the group. And within the group, thereby maintaining morale as to keep the group in being. In the military, may lose the function of a successful social specialist who would prevent mutiny and reduce such symptoms as low morale, absenteeism, desertion, sickness, and crime. Not very surprisingly, the most important attribute of such a leader is that he should be liked. A efficiency and task ability are of rather secondary importance. So this is something, I think, I wrote leadership strategy and tactics. But what is it leader trying to do? Build relationships in that team. Not just between yourself but between the whole team. That's what we're trying to do. That's what we're here for. And that task thing kind of works itself out. If you're doing a good job, build those relationships, that task thing is going to kind of handle itself. I'm just having such a hard time. He's using so many words. And what I'm actually trying to do is get my head wrapped around like 1970s England. So I'm trying to do. Because it's like, hey, how about I take those 12 pages and just write balance? You know what I mean? And yeah, even inside that, just like you, and I think the order in which you said it is the right thing is if he called it like democratic, we all feel part of it. Is everybody thinks I care about you? If my people think I care about them, they're going to get on board with a plan. And if I'm an autocrat and I tell people what to do and they have to do what they say no matter what, they're going to struggle with the plan. And if you go with that second, that first one, they'll do even harder things that are more challenging, more life threatening and less likely to be successful on paper or at least to their own risk, then if they don't think that I care about them, they'll be less likely to do hard things like combat. And then inside that, the little subtle point, and I'm glad you said it because I had exact same thought as even when that leadership doesn't reveal itself, which it clearly has not, there's another layer of leadership inside there. You know, you could call it your NCOs, whatever the term that you want to use those those pipe hitters inside your organization, they're still going to make it happen. Yeah, and just to make sure everyone understands when you want your team to think you care about them, how do you make that happen? You can have to care about them. And I shouldn't say, I should use a different word when they believe that. Not when they think that, but I'm trying to convince them of that. Yeah. When they come to believe that and go, oh, yeah, this guy cares. He really does. That's that is a that's a better way to describe and that's really what you're saying. Not that I, I manipulate them to thinking that, it's when they recognize it for themselves and they, and they see that. Yeah. They believe that. Says here, it has been shown that whereas low-stressed groups, operating situations that are devoid of painful uncertainties do best under democratic leadership, organizations like the military, in times of war that are subject to stressing ambiguities, actually prefer autocratic leadership. In other words, the feelings of dependency induced by stress, successful, successfully neutralized a person's normal, a versity toward the autocratic leader. While a man like towns and would not be likely to survive for very long in a modern civilian firm, his autocratic mean was lovingly accepted by men whose lives were hanging by a thread. So the reason that he points all this out is that these guys, some of these guys like towns, they still listen to him. They obeyed him. And what's interesting about this is he's making a huge generalization of organizations like the military in times of war, subject to stressing ambiguities prefer autocratic leadership. Let me tell you where the subtlety here is. 97% 98% 99% of the time even in a war. We want democratic leadership and there is a moment in time where there's confusion, where there's chaos, where there's mayhem, where everyone is looking at the leader to make a call. That happens in the military. It happens in business too. I mean, when Ashillon front hit COVID, he, we hear a bunch of ideas and then I became a little bit autocratic. He, here's what we're doing. Boom. And everyone was stoked. Don't, how, yeah, that's what we're doing. They were. And the thread that's inside both of those. And I think why autocratic behavior when you're the recipient of that, why you're willing to be treated like that or directed, if I have already made the connection on my mind that the thing that you're making me do, that you're directing me to do, is designed to help me keep me alive when my, when that that thread hangs in the, or the life hangs in the balance, whatever the word he just used there. If I make that connection and go, he's telling me to do this and what I know what he, I know why he's telling me this, did I'll follow what he was all doing. That's even bothering me. It doesn't bother me told what to do to be mandated anything for my boss if I go, oh, I see what's happening here. I'm going to go execute. Now, if you spin your whole career, being an autocratic, just tell me what to do, dude, I got news for you. Even when you actually need in those rare two, three percent occasions, you need to do that. You're in a very, very hard time getting your people to follow you. Yeah, this is a point that I made deeply in leadership strategy in tactics when I talk about leadership in the leadership vacuum. And I mean, I went into some specifics in there, like letting that vacuum exist for just a second longer just to make sure everyone feels it. I would make sure I'd wait an extra half a second or one second before I said anything to make sure everyone knew oh, damn, we don't know what we're doing right now and they are waiting to be led. They are waiting for that that autocratic leader to step in, say everyone lock it up or move into that building and they are so on board for that. If you make that call a little too early, you get resistant some people, I would, how do you know what? You got to let it, you got to let it just let it be there for a moment, let everyone see, oh, it's a vacuum. I don't know what to do and then boom. And if you wait too long, well, then some other people are churping in with their ideas, you can get some confusion. So you got to time that very well. But it's unfortunate that he says he kind of blank, it's the whole thing because it's not true. It's not a blank at statement. Even in war, people want to have more say as what's happening. He's also doing one thing that I don't agree with either, he's jogging some contrast between this military leader and that military leader is inability to be successful in the private sector because the military response at these type of behaviors in the private sector doesn't. Well, when he's talking about that, he's talking about the fact that if you have a authoritarian leader in the civilian, it's going to be less successful. Here's a point that I made the other day, which you actually know, I agree with you, you're right, that doesn't make sense. Here's why, and he doesn't point to sound in the spoke, I pointed to sound the other day. In the military, bad leaders can get promoted. Easier than bad leaders can get promoted in the civilian sector. Why is that? Because in the military, you're going to be in charge. How long were you in charge of your squadron for? Two years. And that's what that's what a military leader gets. Yep. So you get two years. And by the time that enlisted guys figure out, this guy's a jackass, it takes him sick months to confirm that. And then it's like, okay, well, now we're starting to work up. We're going to actually do nothing. Well, hey, he'll be gone. Forget about it. And that guy Dave Burke, it's promoted. Because he did his job. He did it correctly. No one said anything boom. Whereas civilian world, like you're in charge of that whatever division for years. And everybody knows it. That's another thing. Military, oh, you did one, you know, one command deployment here in Virginia, then you're going to San Diego, then you're going to Bahrain, then you're just traveling around. And you can get away with it. So that's one of the reasons I think why the, why the military can produce some bad leaders. Yes. And they can get promoted. Yeah. As long as that comment you made is understood that this success in the private sector, comparison with the success in the military sector, your point is the bad leaders might stick around. They're not good leaders by virtue of the military environment. They're bad leaders that are being that are sticking around because the military has a mechanism that's sort of a loudst for it. But just I just, I don't like the thought that there's a distinction that military leader, good military leadership is different from other types of leadership. That's 100% accurate. Yeah. Fast forward a little bit. But even given the right circumstances, an autocratic mean is no bar to being liked. We still need some more positive reasons for the extraordinary popularity of otherwise incompetent commanders. So he talks about the fact that like, why do you still like? Why did these guys like towns and who got a bunch of his men killed? Why did they still like him? Why did they still follow him? One of the reasons he talks about his success for leadership tended to occur if followers had been indulged by their leaders? That makes sense, right? Oh, if you'd actually taken care of your guys, they would be more likely to follow you. Well, that makes sense. That actually makes sense. That's a good reason. A situation in which the motivational as opposed to the intellectual aspects of leadership may lead to military disasters where obedience evoked by hero worship, blunt reason, and moral sensitivity to such an extent that the group may embark on a behavior which is a little short of suicidal. Again, he's trying to figure out why in some situations do people that are idiots still get followed? There is however one further aspect of these more nebulous qualities of leadership, which is played a not-inconsidible part in the story of military incompetence. It concerns the position which an individual occupies on two related continuas. Those of boldness to caution and impulsiveness to indecision. Over the years of military incompetence has resulted more from a dearth of boldness than from a lack of caution and more from a Paul of indecision than an excess of impulsivity. So he's saying that most of the problems that occur don't occur because action is taken to impulsive action. They actually call it happened for the other reason. Don't want to do anything. That's why the term default aggressive exists. Because if you don't do anything, chances are it's going to be bad. Your default mode should be to make something happen. Real quick, nothing interrupt. It's so autocratic. What exactly is that? It's close to a authoritarian, but it's weird. He uses the term autocratic. It's like, hey, I'm in charge. I'm in control. It's one person in control. Charge in in control. But he differentiates between autocratic meaning like listen. Hey, I'm the guy in charge. I'm going to tell us where to go and the authoritarian, which is very strong handed form of autocratic rule. He doesn't necessarily, he gives an autocratic a little bit of negativity, but he's also like, hey, you're an opportune. That's a pertune commander. It's autocratic. What he says, we're going to do. That is the reality of the situation. The better reality is a democratic. 97% of the time, 3% of the time, autocratic. 3% of the time, hey, I'm in charge of this world. We're going to make happen right now. We've got to make this happen now. Boom. Yeah, it's like, I don't kind of think, I remember, okay, you know, all you have entrepreneurs, and then you have like employee types, right? Yes. And then you like certain personalities go along with each one of them. Way better, right? Because some people, it's face like they just tell me where to be. What time? And tell me what to do, men all and they'll go hard. No go and they'll do it. They'll get it. Get the job done super good, you know, within their little, within their job descriptions. Go. You know? And then some people they go crazy with that kind of stuff. And then they just rather like think and go out and call their outside the lines and all this stuff, you know? So it's like, it's a lot of critic is kind of maybe for people who are, yeah, like that, right? But here's the thing. There's everyone has a spectrum, right? And there's going to be times where if you're working for me, echo, there's going to be times to the two wives, it's got boss in me around. And there'll be other times you'd be waiting for me to tell you what to, even you, as a one human can have, you can, you can transit across that spectrum. And what I'm saying is when there's a lot of pressure on and there's mayhem going on, most people are going to want somebody to tell them to what to do. I shouldn't say most, many, many people are going to say, dude, you need to tell me what to do right now because there's bad stuff going on. I'm going to that scene in saving private right right at the beginning, right? That crazy part. Yep. And then he kind of loses his hearing or something like that. This old, he just kind of, like, snaps to and disguising front of the safe and what do we do now? That's a classic. Yeah, that's kind of like that. That's a classic example of, hey, those guys are looking to be led at that moment. And it took a lot to get them to that point, but there they are. So that's a good one. One of the obvious explanations for the failure of motivational aspects of leadership is in all these instances related to the advanced age of the individuals concerned, old men are more cautious than young men and less able to make quick decisions than those whose arteries have not begun to harden. I've cut out a lot of the joke. This guy's a fun guy. I will say there are other more fundamental and pervasive reasons for these failures and leadership, which can be ascribed to the general psychopathology of military organizations. They are common denominator is anxiety. It is a feature of armed services that the penalty for error is very much more substantial than their reward for success. That is so important to remember for your organization. The penalty for error is way harder than their reward you get when you do something good. That's absolutely true in the military. So what kind of people do you end up with? Right? Whereas the Naval Officer who threw an error of judgment on the part of his subordinates puts a ship of ground will almost certainly be court-martialed and stands at fair chance of being heavily punished. They're a reward for taking a bold action which pays off maybe no more than a mention in the dispatch or some decoration with little or no effect upon promotional aspects. The net result of this bias towards negative reinforcement will be that fear of failure rather than hope of success tends to be the dominant motive force in decision-making and the higher rank the stronger this motive. There is farther to fall. This is a good thing to remember with your kids. Right? With your kids. You know, your kids operating out of fear of making a mistake. You want your kids operating all in the hope of being successful. Finally, mention must be made of a thesis put forward by Simon Raven which may bowed ill for the future. It concerns the role of false premises in the training of officers, false premises that have their origin in a simple and obvious fact that an expectation of superiority in a leader by those who led will increase the tendency to follow him. This was kind of strange. For years, it was the case that since they were drawn from a socio-economic class that was vastly inferior to that of the officers, the rank and file took for granted that their officers knew more than they did and weren't a very real sense born to lead. I.e. were born into that class which traditionally the core of officers was drawn. That's the way it used to be. You kind of were whatever, a peasant and you had this Lord that was your officer and you're like, hey, do this dude supposed to be in charge. So I'm kind of going to listen to him. Since the last word that this has changed, officers are no longer recruited exclusively from the upper classes. Comparatively, few are landed from gentry or aristocratic families. A many have not even attended a public school, which a public school in England is a private school. By the same token, the rank and file are better educated and more sophisticated than their forebears. So the troops are more educated. At first, blushes would seem all to the good, giving promise of a democratization in the profession of arms, a trend which would one day place on par with most other vocations in civilized society. Unfortunately, according to Raven Smith, Simon Ravens thesis, something quite other is happening confronted with the necessity of recruiting its officers from a section of society that would have been unthinkable and years gone by. The military has made it made what it regards as the best of a bad job by insisting that since officers must still be gentlemen where no natural gulf exists between those who lead and those who follow this must be artificially inculcated by training. So this is a little bit hard to follow, but I'm going to just give a little detail here. So you used to have these people that were lords or whatever. And so the troops were freaking peasants and they're like, cool, this guy's a lord. I should probably be less than two of them. He's a gentleman. He purports himself as a leader. Cool. I'm going to tend to follow. Then all of a sudden they started recruiting officers from wherever. And now they had to say, wait a second, they still need to be gentlemen. So we're going to inculcate this difference into them. We're going to make them into a higher class. What does inculcate? Like, sort of put that seed into them. We're going to turn them into that. We're going to plant this in them. As far as just an idea or like really, like, okay, we're going to inculcate these people. We're going to train them to beat that or we just going to plant that seed and everyone's head. So it seems like that. Yeah. So what he says is are officially inculcated. So he's like, we're going to fake this. We're going to try and make these people seem as if they're of a higher class, which is like that right there, we should already be thinking, uh oh, right. Uh oh. The following excerpts from Raven's article should make the matter plain. We start with a glimpse of life at the Royal Military Academy and later at the school of infantry at warminster in the 1950s, according to Raven, the products of this training regimen may be as bizarre as those depicted in the four character studies, which conclude this section. Here we go. Silluting at Sanhurst is tremendous. If you walk round Sanhurst, looking remotely as if you might be an officer, you will receive an incestant barrage of compliments. The muddy boy in PT shorts will stop running square shoulders and snap his eyes in your direction like knives. The elegant young gentleman in the brown trillbee will lift it from his head with a controlled jerk to replace it in the exact number of seconds later at a precise in the same angle, boys in uniform with sticks, swords, rifles or submachine guns will perform a volume of intricate movements alone or as a body, especially for your benefit. So we're trying to make people think they're elevated to the detached observer, these quaint antics may seem ludicrous, boring, or even faintly embarrassing. However, there will be others so emotionally incapable of distinguishing between compliments paid to the abstractions of rank and commission and those paid to themselves as people that they will actually enjoy these gesticulations. This is where the trouble starts. This is when you are going to, you know, you're going to OCS or wherever you're getting trained and you start thinking you're damn right, you're saluting me. You are saluting me. But such enjoyment of these mandatory conventions based upon a highly motivated, if understandable misinterpretation of their meaning may like the effects of even the most transparent flattery provoked holy unrealistic feelings of self-importance. And you know what's kind of weird? It is kind of weird. In the military, one of the big distinctions is you get called, officers get called sir. Right? So think about that. You're an officer, you get called sir. It doesn't matter if you're 21 years old and you just graduated from OCS or you just graduated from the academy. You're getting called sir. So there's some people that go, man, you know what? We're really awkward to be called sir when I'm actually 22 years old and this guy's 38 years old. That's kind of weird. But I get it. It's the military convention. That's a great attitude to have. And you know what? There is a level of respect, even when a seasoned non-commissioned officer, a platoon chief calls a young officer, sir, he doesn't respect the way and there's a known, it doesn't need to be said. Hey, I'm giving you your props. It's good. That's the way the rank structure works and it is like this just beautiful relationship. Yeah, but then there's some people that go, yeah, you're damn right? You call me sir. Yeah, it's like the like, okay, like the seasoned guy is calling the new guys sir or whatever. It's the officer. That's almost like it's respect for the whole instant drag. Yes, 100%. Yeah. It's respect for the whole thing and a good young officer goes, man. Little bit uncomfortable with what that's the kind of the deal here. I get it and that and so there's also there's also endless to guys that go through that phase like who the hell am I calling this guy? Sir, that's freaking ridiculous. I'll call you Lieutenant. I'm not calling you sir. Sir is for my grandfather. So again, they go through that phase. Yeah, young and listed guys will go through that phase of like, I'm not calling this guy. Sir. Other significant features of the sand, herst, may-loo according to Ravenr, the perfect system where in cadets of higher rank are required to discipline or report upon those of lower status. The mind blunting drill square upon which three apparent essentials for a career of violence, unthinking obedience and exquisite capacity for keeping in-step and a proper concern for the minutia of dress are instilled for our upon our until fatigue and sweat hang over the mast cadets like brinstone over sawdom. And finally, the total loss of privacy and lack of leisure for the following of idiosyncratic interest and pastimes taken together the features of the royal military academy are designed to quote, build character and imbue future officers with values proper to their calling, any gaps which sandhurst might leave in a total program for the incocation of an officer like quality, our admirably filled up says Ravenr by the quasi morale imperatives of warm minister. These cluster around the concepts of guts and enthusiasm, humor, sociability and responsibility traits which every officer should show. So they got done with sandhurst which is like their military college now. They're their advanced school, this place warm minister, and whatever they didn't get it, whatever gaps there are, they're going to go even harder at warm minister. While much of the training was inevitably designed to promote physical fitness that was nevertheless a strong held belief that an officer, whether fit or not, should always have so much in the way of pride or guts that he would never admit to physical inadequacy until he dropped dead or unconscious. This belief of very significant one was both mythical, was myth mystical, both in nature and intensity. Now we're kind of talking about that, that's kind of a badass thing though. Right? It's kind of a badass thing. Hey, you're not going to give up. You're not going to stand down. Doesn't matter who you read. You're not. You put on that rock sack. You're going to finish this damn march. That's what's happening. This was interesting. Another warm minister virtue was a peculiar brand of humor. This was not the ability to see oneself and see one's activities into detached and ironical spirit. That would have been fatal. Humor meant being cheerful in the face of unpleasant circumstances, rallying the men's spirits by laughing with them over some slapstick incident, submitting like a good sport to an unjust punishment given to oneself by the agedent and laughing about it afterwards in the mess. This conception of humor and obvious branch of guts was in fact a streetly designed to counteract or totally extinguish any tendency towards an objective or intellectual humor that might contain tingees of satire or cynicism for such a thing would have been detrimental to another highly prized virtue that of enthusiasm. So this little brand of humor comes out where there's nothing directed with negativity up the chain of command. It's all just funny. I think that's actually, again, maybe I'm this the brainwashed dude here, but I think that the guts part is cool. I think that the dark humor twisted humor thing is kind of cool too because there's nothing better than getting getting in shitty situations than being able to laugh about it. I think that's cool. I guess maybe if you take it both these things to this far extreme where we're not protesting anything because we're just gonna laugh at it or we're not gonna ever stop because we're just gonna keep going even if it's gonna be harmful to us or our troops. Then it turns bad I guess. And he's got this word enthusiasm. enthusiasm I can hardly trust myself to speak. It seemed to mean a sort of blind uncritical application to any task. However, silly or futile that the neurosis or panic of superior might have suddenly thrust upon us. Since one of the points of enthusiasm that you started doing whatever it was straight away and without wasting time on question enthusiasm could involve a friend and expense of time and energy on some trifling project, wastefully because uncritically undertaken abandoned halfway as a rationally was as as it was commenced. This of course was just what great soldiers of the past wish to avoid when they deplored the indiscriminate use of zeal. Why zeal condemned a like by classmates and Wellington should now once again be thought desirable. It is interesting to speculate. So this idea of enthusiasm also known as zeal is like hey I'm just on board for whatever you tell me to do. And I guess that's another thing. Is it a beautiful thing? In many cases yes it is but if you're getting told the charge of machine gunnast and you go Roger that with enthusiasm and zeal and you get all your guys killed that's not what we want. That shouldn't be what we want. Maybe the world of what one that's what we quote wanted but we shouldn't want that. You should want push back. Loyalty meant there's another term loyalty loyalty meant that you were required in the name of the queen and honor of the regiment to conceal any impatience or amusement you might feel when the demands of your enthusiasm became operatic, first seek, first of all or just plain impossible of fulfillment. Loyalty in fact was the conception often blatantly used to blackmail you into silence when you were faced with incompetence and justice or sheer fallie of his beard officer. That was kind of funny. This is just loyalty. Dude, what's your loyalty? Bro he wants me to listen does make me sense bro you need to be more loyal. Right? So she ability was also highly esteemed at warm insta. This like loyalty could mean many good things such as hospitality and the desire to please in social intercourse but it also implied an unquestioning difference to the convenience and opinions of once military superiors. So you're just going to get on board with whatever an else is saying and you can see what we're doing. We're creating robots. We're not creating thinking people and this is bad. Courage under fire a sort of distilled essence of guts could not exactly be taught so it had to be taken for granted and all of us who were tacitly and grimly assumed to possess it. Hence we can pass to a very much boosted commodity initiative. So we now we finally go okay cool we want to see initiative. Unfortunately in the peacetime conditions even for the most part in wartime ones communications are now so good that an opportunity for genuinely individual action so rare that initiative tends to become a highly contrived thing artificially fostered to impress superiors. The sort of person who is praised at warm insta for initiative generally turned out to be a metal symboly of the type who reports to his best friend or to his house master for immoral behavior thereby himself becoming head prefect in his friend's place. There you go. So this section he gives a bunch of examples of various types of these officers and how they turned out. It seems fast forward a little bit. It seems that all remained of his training in the mind of each recipient was the faulty syllogism officer should be gentleman. I am an officer therefore I am a gentleman. After this he seemed to behave neither as an officer nor as a gentleman in generally any accepted sense of these terms. And Raven says this once an officer is established in his own view as a member of a superior and order giving classes. Class he never loses this sense. This is where things turn into a nightmare. Right so an officer is established in his own view. As a member of a superior and order giving class he never loses this sense but he can and often does lose all awareness of the moral basis of this superiority and all the qualities which constitute this basis. So he forgets why he's in this position. He forgets that he was just like placed here. He starts to believe his own bullshit and the bullshit that's been fed to him that people run around calling him so I'm saluting him. He just becomes superior as it were in Vaccoa which means in in a vacuum he's in a vacuum he's just superior. He becomes a gentleman when this happens one gets that product so typical of the British the amateur English officer highly trained professional and professionally and morally he is forgotten his professional his professional techniques and sloth off in his sense of moral obligation but he retained an unassailable sense of his own superiority and absolute right to give orders. And my note next to that was nightmare. That's a nightmare to forget how you ended up in this position to forget that you don't know everything to just get told that you're an officer and you're superior and you start to believe that this is a nightmare of leadership. Now it's things are different the social distance between officers and men more often than not contrived rather than rooted in their ancestry. For officers of humble origins this might well be expected to produce sizable problems of adjustment. The first jolt to their social reinforcement standard will be of one of descriptive discrepancies. What's interesting about this is there's no guarantee like I knew officers that came silver spoon all day long and they were just down to earth good people and I also knew silver spoon officers that thought that they deserved they thought that they were superior. I also knew some guys from lower class that scrambled through and scraped through and became officers and they were awesome and they never forgot where they came from and I also knew officers that had come up through the ranks and they were turds. Lave points out that the best officer that went through his junior officer training was a prior-and-listen officer and the worst officer that went through his junior officer training was a prior-listen officer which is crazy to think. That's crazy to think. I think that I agree with that. Your description those four categories whatever you want to call them. Same thing. Same the exact same thing. And I'm trying to remember the way you were describing it is I remember I guess I don't remember like the first time it happened but there's like a ceremony. Do you have a first salute ceremony? Yep. And I remember that being an incredibly uncomfortable experience for me. Like man this is weird. The guy who I did it was a good friend of mine who's a listed marine he had fought in desert storm. He was a known well-known guy and just by virtue of accomplishing the criteria to make me an officer like from one moment to the next he saluted me. And I think I was just lucky to have that sense like man this is weird. You know but also I think you described it well like the reverence for the institution like this is how the institution is designed and if you have that reverence for it he didn't feel the mean and I didn't feel superior and yet that's the way it's supposed to be. Yeah and yet how easily like oh I could get used to this. You know how quickly people fall to that trap of all into that trap and it's not the and it's not the institution that bestowed this on me. Yeah I was your is there yes. Yeah I mean and this again we're talking about the military specifically but you can apply this anywhere you can apply this anywhere oh well I you know I went to this college I went through this program I got my MBA from here or there and all of a sudden it's like oh did I tell you that? Did I mention where I went to college you know it's like hmm yeah that's cool man appreciate it that's awesome. Yeah but when you say nobody notices it. There's a there's a note about this Raven's assessment so somebody kind of read that big assessment of San Hirsten and this guy says I read Simon Ravens paper with great interest when you when you ask from my comments you must bear in mind that in 1898 when I was gazetted I joined a totally different type of army from that of today it was an aristocratic army feudal in the sense that it was grounded on leadership and fall and fellowship in which with few exceptions the leaders were the sons of gentlemen and more frequently than not the eldest sons the most privileged sons when I went to San Hirst we were not taught to behave like gentlemen because it never occurred to anyone that we should behave otherwise we were taught a lot of obsolete tactics in every army the of that day did a tremendous lot of useless drill but never heard a word about responsibility, loyalty, guts, et cetera because so I suppose these were held to be the natural prerequisites of gentlemen so this is back in the day when it's like hey man you better act like this you you're upholding the family named the men the followers of that period were a rough lot simple tough alliterate largely recruited from down melts men who had a lot met who met who had gotten a lot of trouble vagabonds and a sprinkling of the grand sons and grandsons sons of nCOs and private soldiers military families who generally became nCOs they were therefore two distinct classes really cast by birth on the whole the men looked up to their officers whether they were a fission or insufficient or inefficient and the officers did not look down on their men why should they so he was saying like this was just kind of the way it was back then the idea of an officer imposing on his imposing his will on his men never entered his head because one class was so superior and the other so inferior that it was unnecessary to do this there wasn't even any opposing ideas to what you were saying the superior could not lose cast should he play or mix with his men I remember this is a good story I remember on my first tour as an orderly officer on the QMS was late for the QMS mean the quartermaster so one of the sailors was late for meat issue and I thought he had risked it because I was a novice so I put him under arrest when this was reported to the agitant he took me aside and said strictly speaking you were right but actually speaking you weren't ass so don't do it again and I didn't so he like punished this guy trying to prove that he was pretty said hey bro what are you knowing you you technically you could do that but that's not the way you treat your people of the present day democratic army I know next to nothing like the older aristocratic one it must have its good points and is probably more efficient but to me it is a folly to try and mix the two a gentleman is born and not made it is probably true that it takes three generations to fashion one and so it would appear for Mr. Ravens experiences if you try and make them synthetically you get neither an aristocrat or a democracy one sees this everywhere today among the rich the poor on the roads and in the factories I repeat it again gentleman are not turned out like sausages they are turned they are men of ingrained honor of principle and of decent behavior and some of the finest I have met in my long life had the long to the humblest classes because this cast rather than class is becoming extinct in my home opinion one of the great factors at the bottom of the present world turmoil and that's from JFC follower and he's another guy that was sort of in league with l'Adel Hart lots of great ideas fought north Africa or far north war war or sorry in South Africa far world war one who the Nazis took a bunch of his ideas and ran with them by the way even though he's a Brit so it's just a different I I wonder we that park is it's just a different world this is the different situation and they court sort of had this pre-existing system that was in place now what kind of makes me disturbed about this is you know he's he's basically talking about how great the gentleman were of the day but these were the gentleman that freaking acted like idiots leading their troops to be killed so there wasn't so much honor and principle as he's talking about close now this section he says from a general study of leadership it seems there is much in military organizations to invite incompetence officers are selected for the wrong reasons required to fulfill in compatible roles and expected to function adequately in a communication system of dubious efficiency at higher levels of command they are protected from adverse criticism by their invisibility and by the plain fact that in times of stress even the poorest leaders like drunken fathers and rabbits feet are clung to with pathetic if misplaced dependency yeah the invisibility part he mentioned that and was talking about the fact that a lot of these senior leaders they just no one would see him you wouldn't see him on the front lines so they weren't getting criticism because they were they weren't around to be criticized mm-hmm military achievement besides providing legitimate outlets for aggression the gratification of obsessive tendencies and reassurances about virtual reality armies and navies also cater for another basic human motive the need to achieve they do this in several ways they embody related hierarchies of rank money and class so there's another thing that you can get by joining the military if you're a person that's driven to succeed you go in the military and you can get like a formatted way to move up the chain of command. Second they accentuate the challenge of promotional ladder by making certain upward movements very difficult indeed third the ethos of the armed forces is such that such as to make advancement lovable and highly rewarding generals have every advantage bar that of age over those lower down on the ladder they are richer, safer and more comfortable their chances of collecting honors orders and nighthooks are imminently greater than those of more junior ranks finally even the most modest thirst for achievement is encouraged by training and convention the taboo on junior speaking to senior seniors in officer training establishments saluting and being saluted orders of march rules as to say as who says sir to whom all serve to emphasize the horizontal stratifications of military organizations besides adding lustre to each new level gained so that's what the military sets up this really nice place where you can kind of you see what the game is and if you don't want to play the game you're going to get you're going to get satisfaction unfortunately there are aspects of military career which are unlikely to attract people with high achievement motivation and he says this at first sight these arguments would seem to suggest that the possibility of promotion in the military organization would attract those with a potential for achievement go getters entrepreneurs innovators and men with energy and drive in short people who would make first class military commanders right so you think oh cool this is like a hierarchy set up that make sense I'm down I want to go in there because I'm an entrepreneur I'm a go getter sometimes it does in the case of wellington Montgomery rommel and zukov men with in order to lead strong needs for achievement all those guys wanted to do well unfortunately however there are aspects of a military career which are unlikely to attract people with high achievement motivation the fact that traditionally promotion depends upon seniority class wealth conformity and obedience may well leave them rather cold neither means nor the ends are sufficiently attractive so when you get a guy like Wellington like rommel they look and say okay how do I need to get promoted oh I've got a conform I've got to be a yes man so all their entrepreneurial spirit is thrown out the window they don't they they're being forced to comply in order to get promoted so it doesn't really seem as attractive as they thought originally was going to be moral for military types military has never smiled upon entrepreneurs and innovators the cut and thrust of private enterprise cleverness and even working too hard have not been deemed good form there is however another class of person for whom the military might well be an attractive proposition these are people who achievement motivation is pathological in origin the crucial difference between the two sorts of achievement the healthy and the pathological may be summarized by saying that whereas the first is buoyed up by hopes of success the second is driven by fear of failure. One person that wants to do a good job and one's person that just scared to fail whereas the former achieves out of a quest of excellence in his job the latter achieves by any means available not necessarily because of any sincere devotion to the work but because of the status social promotion or social approval and reduction of doubts about the self that's such achievement brings applying these distinctions to the military would seem that senior commanders fall into two groups and I think this is actually pretty accurate those primarily concerned with improving their professional ability and those primarily concerned with self-betterment a fast forward a little bit research suggests that these two sorts of achievement motivation go along with certain other personality traits thus need achievement motivation towards professional excellence is accompanied by greater occupational and intellectual competence so this is a person that wants to get promoted for the right reasons greater occupational and intellectual competence that's what he wants a better memory for uncomplete a task and therefore a predisposition to finish something once the gun a preference when choosing working partners for successful strangers rather than unsuccessful friends that's one just the you crappy leaders always surround themselves with their crappy unsuccessful friends a great greater readiness to volunteer for psychological experiments greater activity in the institution or community of which they are a member so this is I think it's just important remember that there's some people that are out there for themselves and there's some people that are out there to try and do a good job he says compare Lawrence and this is Lawrence of Arabia compare Lawrence roughing it with his tiny Arab force on the 800 mile trek across the desert to west to to rest akaba from the Turks with towns and comfortably a sconce and his villa on the sea of mormara while his captured troops died in their thousands from exposure malnutrition and brutality the contrast in both cases in between the self imposed as sadism of high achievement motivation and the self indulgence of one concerned with professional excellence less concerned with professional excellence than with personal advantage pretty good stark difference between those two how is it that some of the criteria for promotion to military organizations are evidently such as to favor people with a pathological degree of achievement motivation this is scary the person that might have a tendency to get promoted is the one that's looking out for themselves in some cases in the military again isn't important to say this isn't like the entire military but certainly I certainly saw people in the military that were 100% looking out for themselves and they got promoted yeah that does happen yep there's no doubt about it it it happens less than you would think a lot of times that transparency that these idiots would have looking out for themselves and trying to make those maneuvers everyone would see it maybe I know you're not getting promoted but it did happen there are grounds for thinking that incompetent commanders tend to be those whom the need to avoid failure exceeds the urge to succeed according to JWAK and T-feather such people tend to issue activities which they may show up in a poor light and unless forced to so refrain from taking on any skilled task where there are any doubts about the outcome so people that are just concerned about themselves they'll only go into jobs where they know they're going to win that's what they're trying to do they're just they're only doing jobs of things that they know they're going to do if no one's going to win that here in lies especially lemma though they need to achieve it is the very nature of trying which exposes them to that which they fear most failure they are like people who try to climb mountains out of an underlying fear of heights it would not be surprising to find that such people are attracted to and prosper in the armed services for one place it carefully in the military and contrast the world of commerce offers achievement without tears stick to the rule book do nothing while explicit approval from the next higher up always confirm form never offend your superiors and you will float serenely if a trifle slowly upward a blip in both senses of the word that's the reality you can you there you can do that you can join the military and you can just kind of keep your nose clean stay low profile don't take any additional risks conform and you will get promoted over time in many cases Marine Corps tighter though I think I'd like to think that I mean you just described what you're describing I can I'm he's right yeah and I've seen it and not not right on the blanket statement no no no no it certainly happens yes yeah no correct and and you're right in saying like that's part of the system is is you have you might show for this altruism of how it works and the wrong people get promoted sometimes now it's not a lot of those people's actually a small number like you said but it happens enough that you will see it you're not going to go a career and go oh I never saw that every single time it was the right person of the right reasons no throughout my career there was examples that I can reflect back on it's a small number but the system doesn't work perfectly and I think the thing I was thinking about and this is military I think in general there are enough jobs in the military that have been done enough times that the template is there that you know I can take those set orders and like man it's really low risk you know cookie cutter job that's been done I can take the template jocos going off to me here's the you know here's the script follow the script low profile low risk you're going to look good in the end and you're going to get promoted there there are those jobs out there I was lucky in my career to have jobs that either I've never been done before or really that it wasn't a lot of history behind them so you know I'm remembering a couple times like when I was in command of an organization where you know I was being told hey if this fails it's going to destroy the whole thing like oh that's okay that's awesome I think I've told the story before I'm far enough away from it now that I can I can tell it if I haven't before but when I took over the first F 35 squadron the Marine Corps Z-35 program was on probation like they were contemplating canceling the F-35 for the Marine Corps the B variant which was the Marine Corps variant and the Marine Corps had already long since committed to that was the only platform there was no plan B there was no alternative to that so if we were going to lose the F-35 B the Marine Corps was going to lose tack air and as soon as I took command and you know I stood up I told you there's a guy there before no airplanes but when I took command they were playing started to arrive right when I got there the comment on the Marine Corps came down spent like an hour with me they met him at the squadron it was he and a sergeant major and me and my sergeant major and he goes hey I hate to tell you this but you can't crash in airplane like wow that's Roger that Roger that you know what I mean like if you crash in airplane we're going to lose the program we're in going to lose that air and so you're talking about the the balance of the risk of losing is a lot you know the balance that between the benefit of winning well yeah I'll just you know margin benefit of winning but like there's zero risk or you know the flip side is hey if I go two years of squadron commander everything goes great I'm going to get a firm handshake and I congratulations and life's going to go on but nobody's going to credit me for doing anything remarkable because the system is the the program is just moving along where it where it needs to go but if I screwed up you know that downside risk and and I understand the the aversion to that like hey would rather have a guaranteed win with you know a guaranteed marginal win with no chance of losing or high risk of failure but this is a once in a lifetime thing that would need the right person the right time to go through that a lot of people are averse to that yep well and this is the other scary thing about that is so you're the squadron commander you get told don't crash any birds well how but we fly a little less right it's interesting to said that because in the exact same weekend the deputy common on for aviation the head aviator the Marine Corps said your number one job is to fly as much as you can possibly possible day Roger that okay and listen there's a part of it too that any you have to understand it's like there is nothing that I could do personally short of shutting down the squadron right to guarantee the one kind of there's nothing I can do that so there's a part of that like if you can just let that go is recognized my best chance of me being successful is to my commander is none of this yeah as opposed to try to make her manage all of it you know and that's such a good point because okay we can either fly as little as humanly possible which means everyone's paranoid no one really knows how to do job really like all right we're gonna fly these things we'll be awesome at it and that's the right call obviously not everyone would make that decision and even then they're still even the right call doesn't guarantee the outcome you go to everything right and you know what yeah you have a miss hop on me those things break yeah things break and mid flight yep that happens they do especially brand new airplanes just they're being designed while you're flying them those things happen how many f 35s have crashed not a lot so I believe I have to go back and look I think the first one crashed and my squadron like six months after I left yeah got out of the we've there's been a very small it's been a very safe airplane what is enough 35 cost at the time it was 130 million now it's probably 90 also they cut the price down well those first ones are like you know they were literally the very first ones off the assembly and so that that as you know like that mass production benefit hadn't continued so age one was kind of like a unique article now like their jammer amount they're making a bunch of them and and it's it's more cost effective I know these are crazy numbers but at the time they were they were expensive 133 a copy I had 14 and if you when you find an f 35 and you're doing a vertical how often did you a vertical take off like a short take off like the stole like the yeah like yeah like a hair year yeah not that often sometimes it's how much gas do you go through taking one of those things off vertically the vertical flying burns a ridiculous amount of gas do you just basically have to refuel us as soon as you get up it's not that bad but it's it's a lot of gas yeah the the landings are more of a critical because you're on the clock like you come in you gotta be relatively light you can't land like a fully loaded airplane vertically because it's too heavy okay so you gotta be like a certain limited amount of gas so the plane is light enough to hover but then again like you can't just sit there all day long because you don't have that much gas it's nothing like the hair year was those guys it was sketchy like really really sketchy but yeah you're burning a lot of gas a lot it was sketchy in a hair year what made it more sketchy less powerful airplane harder to fly less margin for air less you need less gas to be able to land and didn't have as much time you know just I figured I flew the hair year simulator out at Yuma yeah did I crash that they literally 17 tons of row I my total flight time was nine seconds just hope that I just cry out if you got to know enough 35 right now in the simulator I could over the shoulder you walk you through to you landed almost perfectly in the first drawing well that's like drones man those first drones came out that were like little model airplanes guys were just crashing everywhere and now a three year old confide drone and that's that's no such technology uh this thing says on the same note the net result would be a bi-modal distribution of officers at every grade so these two different types of officers you end up with them at every grade those who take risks and get away with it the Montgomerys and Lawrence is up this of this world and those who have plotted up the hard but safe way the good old boys you never speak out a turn who make up intact and conformity what they lack in enterprise and initiative interesting contemplation of a nept commander suggests that they were of the latter genre in the first place they were renowned almost without exception for being hypersensitive to criticism so those people that are the the the conformists high-percentive asked the question of physical bravery and no way to track from the feats of courage to note that the fear of being afraid the fear of social disemprovele for cowardice and most important the personal shame attendant upon flinching in the face of danger could drive a man to perform acts of valor far beyond the normal call of duty this is not to deny that bravery occurs for other reasons out of pure altruism or patriotism but merely that some individuals are so lacking in self-esteem that they will gladly exchange the fear of failure for their own physical destruction that's kind of a weird thing to say in a very real sense military organizations recognize and trade upon this fact of human nature death rather than dishonor is no empty platitude but formulates an essential and ancient feature of military i'll tell you what's a you would expand a little bit more which he doesn't what's scary about that is when people are being brave with other people's lives that that's what's jacked up look if you're brave and you go and do something heroic good on you i don't care what your motivation was i think same harris always talks about the fact that you can't you can't fake bravery right you run out in the street there's no fake in it you did it and that's that it doesn't matter if you thought it you were did it because you were going to be ashamed or you did it because you were just a hyper motivated or whatever it doesn't matter you can't fake it you were brave no no no no no question about it but when you start being brave with other people's lives that's a freaking disaster that's what these horrible leaders end up doing it cannot be emphasized too strong only that this suggested relationship between valor and the need to prove oneself a no way to base his bravery on the contrary takes the view that the best measure of courage is the fear that is overcome then these were the bravest of them all for his only by conquering rational fear that they could nullify fear of being afraid so there you go the tragedy of this issue is that if military organizations select their senior commanders for their physical as opposed to moral bravery they not only might ignore other equally important attributes but are bound to select a proportion of individuals whose underlying psychopathology is quite unfitted to positions of high command in this way they invite incompetence so just because someone's brave doesn't mean you want to put them in a leadership position doesn't say you don't want them there and there is certainly a huge benefit to someone that's been in combat and knows what's happening knows the understands the emotions and and the human nature that takes place on the front lines for sure that's highly beneficial shouldn't be the only reason you select somebody though the last trait of those who harbour a fear of failure concerns the selection of subordinates they're really two components to this process the first concerns the way an individual sees himself in comparison with his competitors in the second the way he thinks others will see him in comparison with his contemporaries in either case he may well try to elevate his own self estimation by choosing a low standard with which to make comparison hence the phenomenon of people who tend to shun the company of individuals more gifted and even choose workmates as select or select as subordinates people who may consider inferior to themselves a lot of freaking disaster that is so that's the person that wants to look good so hires a bunch of idiots talks a little bit about haig he talks about haig being painfully aware of his limitations haig was a world war one commander of burnish troops and then try to enter the one profession open to the dumps of the family of the army only to find that even nary failed to shine he got put into his position the reason he got promoted is because he got sort of a hook up from a family member his elder sister hen rea to new the Duke of Cambridge hooked him up with ventured entry to staff college then he was the aid to camp to the king do this guy's just making moves make and moves became respected for his conventional opinions that's crazy right you've become respected because you agree with everybody that's a great point king that's a hundred percent right king he said things like cavalry will have a larger sphere of action future wars artillery only seems to be really effective against raw troops these are just idiotic statements he also had a he was also prone to a steady denigration of his competitors and the removal of his superior care of superior commanders this guy was just a shit talker haig haig talent for finding fault with everybody but himself was particularly keen whenever results had resulted in military setback and he gives all these just crazy examples uh he put he blamed someone he's unfit to command a division at this critical purity of the operations in France and should only be employed at home by the way there's a people that are working for him by the way ralson is unsatisfactory loyalty to his subordinates but he has many other valuable qualities he's trying to get rid of somebody he's like guys he's as valuable qualities but he's overly loyalty to his troops seems impossible to discuss the military problems with and with an un-reasoning brain to his kind the fact is that surge on seems uncapable realizing the nature of the fighting that has been going on in the difficulties of getting fresh troops and stores forward an adequate communication trenches dug on Saturday October 19 made an impromptu report to oh this is uh on Saturday october 4th 19th haig this guy makes this report up his chain of command about the his commander surge on French what happens eventually French gets fired who gets put in charge haig haig got his wish reaching the pinnacle of the greatest army that the empire had ever put in the field in the past or was ever to amass in the future a body whose heroism and devotion was such that they could twice in two successive years be ravaged in hopeless offensive who were in a single day to lose more men than any other army in the history of the world whom after 27 months of slaughter and exhaustion he was to leave so periously exposed that they were nearly annihilated just horrible and this uh section that will close out with for today says freedom of expression and cognitive process unfettered by inhibitions were not looked upon with favor in military personnel so that's a horrible situation it seems then that in the case of achievement motivation as with obsessive tendency military organizations attract and then reinforce those very characteristics which will prove and the theoretical to competent military performance it's uh again is that true in the military yes it is is it true in the civil or let me rephrase that I saw you're looking your face to have can it be true in the military yes it can can it attract people with these type of tendencies yes it can can it then provide opportunities for people to sort of just get on board with the system yes it can does the civilian sector do that as well how yes it does happens in any leadership situation where we take these things that we should be striving for like freedom of expression and unfettered cognitive processes meaning you should just be able to think and we crush them and you know I was thinking this uh we've been talking about the the the EO leadership loop and included not as the is the Udlu right these ideas of constantly running through your mind all these different aspects of leadership and the main list lesson that you and I put out this is what we've just put out the monster the main lesson when you're running these loops is not to get stuck is not to get stuck is to free your mind and that's how I close out the last podcast I said free your mind and I want to reiterate that you have to keep your mind open if your minds always stuck even it can be stuck by so many different things it can be stuck by your ego your insecurities it can be stuck by your fear it can be stuck by tradition it can be stuck by custom it can be stuck by the restraints of the institution that you're in if your mind is getting stuck like that you have to be weary you have to be afraid of that because if you let your mind get stuck in that fixed position you're gonna get flanked you're gonna get overrun and you're gonna get destroyed and if you're in a leadership position that is what's going to happen not just to you but to your troops so keep an open mind echo Charles yes what do you got that whole that part about like not taking risks of your failure like that kind of stuff like first of whatever reason it was making me think of like the jujitsu journey ascending with like getting belts and all this stuff so in the beginning yeah I sure a little of my specific but you can kind of see it where you know if you're focused on the belt you tend to be more like fear failure kind of approach to training and but if you're just like hey I'm in here to get better and learn and be humble take risks you would happen all this stuff compete and you know and the higher you get the better you'll become yeah but if you start let's say you get like I don't know purple about that feel like it's one of the benchmark balance right for sure kind of become that's like jujitsu puberty right there you know so a lot of people and it can vary from belt to belt for sure but sometimes they'll be like oh well I don't want to look bad as a purple belt so let's get less risk I'm not only trained with guys who I know that I won't you know do poorly again sir whatever you know and you can kind of fall into that trap but then you get people who they don't they don't think about that kind of stuff it's like the belt that's just a byproduct of my journey and I don't even think about that those of the guys that that just keep getting better yeah yeah I I thought you were actually going to bring up just like the entrepreneurial spirit and you know we work with a lot of companies in echelon front and the leaders that have taken risk and have broken outside the norm those are leaders that they end up doing exceptionally well right if they manage it well like look you can take big risks you can fail right that happens that's why they're called risks but if you want to look can you play at safe yes you can and you can do that in the corporate world to hey you can you can fall the rules and you can do you can and you can move up the chain and that's fine that's fine if you want to excel you're going to have to take some chances you're going to have to take some risks that's what you're going to have to do and and and then you do if you do utilize sort of the the standard sort of conformity to move up the chain what I will be I okay I get it but you know what don't suppress don't suppress risk for others don't don't don't suppress entrepreneurial thinking from other people inside your organization that's what I think we run into a real problem you know I kind of fall the rules and conformed and I got my promotion and then Dave comes along and he's a little bit more of a mistake or a little bit more entrepreneurial and this could be in the military this could be in the business sector and what do I do I don't rank him I shut him down I partially shut him down because I don't want him I don't want him to out out maneuver me so I'm just going to shut down on all these ideas I'm also going to shut him down because I don't want to take any risk so if you want to if you want to play that game for yourself and you don't want to take a bunch of risks and you just want to have a safe comfortable job that's okay that's not bad look if you work hard and and and you do a good job inside your business organization that's great I I actually like that I appreciate it but the minute you you have that attitude and you start to impose it on people around you you need to check yourself you need to check yourself because you're shutting down mind your closing minds and you're really in the long term hurt in your organization you were come across a situation it feels like it's feels like it's real common where you get to people they're going to business together one guys risk averse one guys like freaking try anything and they sort of start to balance each other for sure and not to mention there's some jobs that are kind of more conducive for certain attitude types yeah the risky guys like out doing the sales pitch and the other guys back in the compounds in the books yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so it is good to have business partners like that for sure yeah kind of real you in when you need it as long as they're not over bearing I guess right there you go there you go all right well we're trying to keep our minds open we're trying to improve ourselves mentally physically you know poll nine yards echo you got any suggestions yeah what you do I do we do well do actually we know you where go no I just want to make sure we're recording oh yeah those good thanks Dave by the way so what you got echo Charles what you got for us oh well you know we're all working out doing G2 I guess you know hopefully we should be I'm just saying you know it's one of those things it does to keep you on the path we're reading mental physical or everything right we want to leave by example I'll tell you that I want to make good decisions until you that so all right on this path we're on this path good decisions physical capability mental capability we'll say you did not tell us what it is yes and improvement yes we want to take risk but not too many risk check we want to take risk but not too big of risks okay okay so one thing you don't want to risk is your health tell you that thing you risk what did you write that little setup right there I just came out with you so you speak in a mental security look at you look at that guy anyway you said all that stuff just to say we don't take too many risks with our health there you go it's just tying it in through if you don't get all together man I'm just saying it's freaking impressive not the thing to take risk with the hell yeah for the support juggle okay so we got energy drinks those might we got energy drinks not old school energy drinks that do risk your health we have energy drinks that don't risk your health that actually improve your health no risk upside across the board cross the board no gambling or upside across the board yes right if I was to say hey this thing over here can make you feel good yeah and you were like okay cool and it not only can it make you feel good it can actually make you be more healthy yeah what would you say to that that's a cool that's do you say cool what if I had something else over here and I was like this will also make you feel good for a little bit and you said okay that sounds good but then I said after that you're going to be addicted to it and you're going to end up becoming a crystal math and fed me addict and dying yes that would be best downside yes sir that's downside so we like the little we like the little hype that we got from the crystal math that that I gave you sure but then the downside is like a disaster you're teeth are falling out you lost your job there's all kinds of problems in the future that is true yes so I'm not going to sell you that no I'm not going to want you to take that you're not going to recommend that you're correct but I've got something else over here yes it's going to give you that hype yes with zero downside all hype zero downside and this is I will not find you at a you know a meth lab slicking the floor which is what I'm afraid of if I give you the other thing that is an undesirable outcome yes sir so yes so when you're choosing energy drink you look over energy drink even if not even into energy drinks necessarily and I understand if you're not because really how could you be when you consider those yes yes now we got a solution for that yeah straight up all healthy energy drink completely good for you jockel discipline go yeah my jockel it's a good one uh taste good two different flavors so far the apparently on paper the more popular one is orange afterburner orange afterburner orange Dave Burr good deal days signature flavor on paper is good it's makes sense you know like if you don't know if you're not in the know you go you you you have a awesome selection you know you know that the orange is going to come through wouldn't you agree yes yeah I feel the same way I feel the same way but you want to take a little bit more risk right maybe a higher up side maybe bringing the thread to the wall for the baby look I don't know I don't know I'm just a person but hey maybe though you take a little bit more risk on a more exotic flavor like mango mango passion fruit to be specific you might wind up with that bigger upside I don't know that's up to you but nonetheless there are many different flavors of choose whichever one all of them are all upside no downside so it doesn't matter technically at the end of their what flavor you choose that's for your own personal choice so get some of that discipline go well so got joint warfare acrylic oil we got the discipline powder we got some new what what do you call hype well they're not technically called hype I think they're called pre workout mixes powers so so we've had the discipline powder for a while just called discipline and it didn't have much caffeine in it to be real specific and people are like hey that's cool we appreciate it but sometimes we want more of a kick so we didn't go nuts we didn't go 700 milligrams of caffeine yeah do you know the number 95 95 per scoop okay okay per scoop okay so that's more moderate I would say oh it then it's moderate unless you have two scoops or three scoops right which is which is because gay the classic pre workout if you go two scoops that's too much right it's too much yeah but at the same time if you if you don't want to get all nuts whether you got to start meticulously putting only a little bit of powder you can't really bet you know so I dig it so yeah that that makes sense put if you need 300 milligrams of caffeine before one workout if that's what you need oh no it's I'm not hey dig it man I dig it like you just have three scoops you yeah I would say back off a little bit that's my personal generally speaking but here's the thing also do some abstinence days right yeah yes like on the weekend you know whatever on month whatever some days be like yeah I'm not gonna have any at all yeah any caffeine at all generally speaking I feel like that's a good move anyway did not go every single day whatever like give yourself a break whatever and that way you maximize the effects anyway that's what I'm talking about yeah sir I think you're right about that but you've never really been that hard current because let's face it a pre workout it gives you like a bigger pump yeah no I've pre workout really is my thing the own unless you count due to you as a workout which we've had this discussion lately that's not really a workout but like I would have disciplined powder before going to the jujitsu right and I still will do that but as far as I'm just rolling in with a freaking pump in hard I'm not really down for that with a dream and that's technically that's not why we take pre workout too for workouts like jujitsu jujitsu I I consider jujitsu workout that's a hard workout actually it's harder workout technically it's for the output goes most of the time more than your average other workout just hand on the workout obviously but let's say if you're going in you're going to do eight sets of 12 with some bench and then maybe some try-sev extensions curls this kind of thing you take a pre workout that's that's the jam you say that's it so we made one of these for people like echo Charles I want to get it all it's a disciplined go powder you available now you know it may go bad yeah you get some mango other flavors more if you need some protein tastes like dessert one of the best things that have ever been invented I'm expecting probably they have a noble prize for dessert no they have a noble prize for protein chicks well now you know I not that I'm aware of that you know let's face it there should be one yes and actually more than you know really because they like okay you know you heard of people making like a moch pancakes you know the stuff okay here's the jam keep this in mind do this moch shake frozen banana the whole jam whole creaminess that's all see all that right so so make make that when the kids are at looking then you buy those little popsicle what are you called for you you know the ones right they can make popsicles in and you make popsicles then you tell the kids hey like have a surprise for you after dinner because you know you dinner are all good right I have a surprise sake of cool they're excited you bust out that pop it looks like one of those pudding pops yeah you seem saying so that's what you've been doing no I'm gonna do it yeah but if you say and that's a good idea so say all right that's the moch no bell prize running moch white jocco i teach by the way you can get the stuff you can get the drinks out walla you can get the stuff at vitamin shop or you can get it from jocco fuel dot com if you subscribe to any of it you get free shipping which is a which is a total bonus oh yeah and you don't remember to take all that stuff so so good also origin USA this American made stuff products goods jeans boots American made denim and doesn't get much American made that not you could just say American American but it's sad that the American iconic jeans that you have aren't even made in America not you but I mean us we as a nation a lot of people are out there wearing jeans they think or made in America yeah they're not made in America they're um they're pitched yeah they might be packaged in America but really there's communist that are making the juice and it's nothing against the people but the government has those people enslaved so we we're not for that we're against that you know I saw you compete on the new the other day no yeah we're doing yeah we're out there this are you know where the story yeah I think so this is this we're bringing it manufacturing back to America you gotta tell some of those guys to stop jamming up your name bro I just maybe I should I don't know they call me jocco will neck will yeah well in it will neck will neck will neck I don't know I don't like that I feel like I don't like it either I feel like I do I take offense to it maybe maybe not but I feel like they're kind of pronouncing my name wrong it's weird that you would do that it says will ink that's literally what it says yes how you reverse those numbers and or worse those letters and stuff I don't know but that's what happens and I don't know you start to want to have you have they not heard anyone else say your name ever yeah it's strange it is odd right kind of strange but there you go either way you look good you're seeing some great stuff American uh back to origin USA yeah everything is made in in America the seeds that are grown into cotton it goes into the loom to make the material the denim makes the jeans oh man oh here made in America yeah foam and since we are doing digital you can get an American made digital key it's true very true also yeah a lot of cool stuff on their origin USA dot com a so you can get also jocco as a store it's called jocco store it's a good spot good spot you want to represent on this path that we're all on this split equals freedom that that goes deep if you want to represent boom that's where you can get your shirts and hats t-shirts um hoodies some rash guards on there some other cool stuff on there this is a jitsu section now apparently yes there is a comment on represent they have a name on the number represents hard jiu jitsu is lying jiu jitsu is lying look at you look good look good on them so a jocten you'll have one on top jiu jiu jiu they know yes there's a Dean list or shirt coming out to you at some point yeah oh the the foot shirt good foot sure yeah that's freaking right here also uh we have what's called the shirt locker it's a subscription service you get a good cool new shirt every month some good stuff coming out the Christmas shirt coming out oh oh yeah that's a legit shirt you show it to me you know that's a freaking that's a freaking legit shirt solid yeah that's a legit shirt yeah that's a legit shirt yeah that's a legit shirt that's a legit shirt it's uh do we say that or was it like that what did you say what it is oh yeah yeah no yeah you can say it's just uh it's a Christmas shirt and it has the Christmas truth 19 fort Christmas truth 1914 you know we got the flags of the nations involved it's freaking legit it's a respect yeah respect oh yeah big time but yeah so yeah the shirt locker it's like I said subscription you get a cool new shirt uh every month a lot of a lot of good feedback on that one and we're and we actually tightened it up a lot too because we're you know how it's anyway it can be complicated to provide that so I feel like all the issues I won't hugious issues but it's real tightened up it's a good streamlined process now so keep that in mind yeah jockelstore.com excuse me get this door uh subscribe to this podcast too don't forget about the jockel unraveling with their all-cooper the grounded podcast or your kid podcast also we have jockel under ground dot com and what that is is a little alternative world that we created just in case this world goes sideways we don't control these platforms out you're listening on right now so if something were to go sideways we might get banned for talking about masculine feminine characteristics I don't know could be some people are sensitive to that kind of thing even though we're reading a book from 1976 it's it just doesn't matter these days so if that should happen we are in our own place across eight dollars and eighteen cents a month if you can't afford that email assistance at jockel under ground dot com and we make another sort of tangential podcast to talk about stuff on that one yeah well life advice yeah lot of stuff in it life advice from jockel straight up yeah that's straight up we have a youtube channel on the AD assistant director and if you want to see quality assistant directing you can just go subscribe to that because you can sense how I make this special calls no critical calls very influential you know it's that last you know like you're you're lifting you get to you get to deadlift for ninety five it takes a lot of work to get that last little bit right sure you're trying to cut your runtime down it takes a lot you get to you know a certain spot then takes a lot of work to get that it's really easy for you because you get to a certain spot and then I just roll in as the assistant director and just kind of go next for you right so like like like like Muhammad Ali right when he'd they'd be like oh how many situps do he's like I don't know him any situps they do because it only come I only start counting when it starts to hurt right so I get all the easy situps and you roll in the one in hurts and and bring this past the finish like there you go if you want to check that out and subscribe to my youtube channel do yeah also psychological warfare is like an album that we made back in the day for fundamental weaknesses that mental weaknesses that that we made stumble onto before we do workouts before we tricking cheat on diet eat some stuff that we don't want to be eating nonetheless these are moments of weakness that juggle helps us through why you can just listen to that he'll tell you why you should just stand the best in the path yeah it's gonna be better for you juggle tells you it's a good one also if you want to hang some cool stuff on your wall flips i canvas dot com decode a mire that's his company he's making cool graphic things to hang on your wall kind of bunch of books final spin Dave Burke what he's got it's coming out it's out it's out this is it that's right it's live finally what do you think it's gonna what do you think the reviews are going to say hey what's your review people know my review i think i've talked about it my review is good i think the mass reviews going to be good i have a personal interest in this one because this is one of the few times who you shared with me i think i think i'm out of been way up there one of the first people to see this and i i don't like i don't i don't take positions all that often in my position was immediately like this is going to be awesome and my validation for that was it what i thought of it is i gave it to my wife and she read the whole thing straight through and i'm like bro i think i said something i really flip it like trust me or like i know where where did i don't like to use and i was like dug any of you to like bro trust me something along with lines so we're here at that moment of truth i'm pretty sure i'm not this gonna play out i'll tell you okay so my in my family not only my immediate family meeting my willink but also my mother father sisters there's not a lot of cheerleading happening you're not getting a bunch of compliments ever in fact it's the opposite like we're going to look for the holes we're going to look for the freaking the the issues the problems whatever and that's what we're going to hone in on so i gave this book to my oldest daughter she was one of the first people to read it and i gave her like a paper copy like i printed it out here you go i was at her read this i was actually just i just said hey can you proof read this for me you know she's in college at the time i said hey you know proof read you know find any whatever errors so she's got a red bet now and she reads it and she gets done and she comes walking out of the room because she was home at home even though she was in college because of miss corona she knew everyone was shut down so she was there and she comes walking out of a room and she's like i go oh you know oh you finished and she's like yeah just so non-so long just so like whatever like so urin idiot and i said how was it she goes oh this fine like literally just shining me on and i go oh cool because i know what's happening you know i know there's no way she's going to be like this was awesome i go oh well what you know what parts of it did you like or whatever and she starts describing one part of the book which i'm not gonna mention and she starts to cry and i was like oh yeah you can't hide this now girl i got you i got you so yes tell me what you think final spin it's available right now order it let me know what you think we're in strategy tactics field manual the code the evaluation protocols which i wrote with davour saran strong this week was freedom field manual way the warrior kid one two three and four mic in the dragons about faced by hack worth which i wrote the forward to extreme ownership and the dichotomy of leadership which i wrote with my brother lathe babbin we also have a leadership consultancy called echelon front we saw problems through leadership leadership is the solution whatever problems you're having leadership is the solution go to echelon front dot com for details on that and also we have an online training platform we got a bunch of people starting to join that right now which is look we have courses set up on there we have daily drills you can do and we have live sessions where i'm answering questions the rest of the team is Dave's there, Dave's there, we're answering questions we're doing that three times a week so go to extreme ownership dot com if you want to get on board with that and if you want to help service members active and retired their families gold star families check out marklies mom marklies mom incredible woman and she's got a charity organization and it helps it helps veterans and it helps service members and families of all sorts if you want to donate or you want to get involved go to america's mighty warrior's dot org and if you want more of my paraparastic pronouncements or if you need more of echelon irrelevant inquiries or you want any of Dave's and salary additions you can find us on the other web's on Twitter on the gram and on Facebook Dave is at David our Burke echelon aquatrols and i am at jockel willink and to all the troops out there around the world and all at all those forgotten barricades thank you for the holding the line to protect those of us here at home and to our police law enforcement firefighters paramedics EMTs dispatchers correction officers board patrol secret service secret service and all first responders thank you for holding the line to keep us safe here on the home front and everyone else out there let me just remind you of that quote from Francis bacon why should a man be in love with his feathers though of a gold what's trapping you what's controlling you what's controlling your thoughts your ideas your beliefs what's controlling your mind and the things that are controlling you they might seem good they might be made of gold but they aren't slaving you nonetheless do not let that happen cast off those mental manacles and think for yourself and until next time this is Dave and echo and jockel out