 This is Jockel Pondcast number 227 with echo Charles and me, Jockel Willink. Good evening, Echo. Good evening. And joining us tonight as well is Dave Burke. Good evening, Dave. Good evening.Еcómours.] Margadmin 22420. subject availability of ncdp7 learning. One purpose the commanding general, training an education command as published Marine Corps documental publication 7 Learning dated 20 February 2020. Background. The common-on planning guidance released 17 July 2019 establishing learning a combination of education and training as a priority focus area to develop an intellectual edge to capitalize on the unique ethos of the core and its maneuver warfare mindset. On 2020, the common-on of the Marine Corps general David H. Burger approved MCDP 7 Learning the first entirely new doctrinal publication released by the Marine Corps since 2001. MCDP 7 Learning formalizes the philosophy principles concepts and expectations of learning. MCDP 7 Learning states that the Marine Corps's learning philosophy seeks to create a culture of continuous learning and professional competence that yields adaptive leaders capable of successful, successfully conducting maneuver warfare in complex uncertain and chaotic environments. MCDP 7 Learning has been developed to codify the Marine Corps's learning philosophy and explain why learning is essential to the profession of arms. Going forward, MCDP 7 Learning will serve as a guide for a culture of continuous learning and professional competence that yields adaptive leaders who can quickly recognize changing conditions in the battle space, adapt, and make timely decisions against a thinking enemy. This publication's audience is all Marines. Coordinating instructions in an initial distribution of 11, 330 publication hard copies is underway. Units requiring additional print allocations must follow procedures identified in reference A paragraph 4A. This more admin is applicable to Marine Corps full total force. So there you go. The Marine Corps in case you didn't gather from that message has a new doctrinal publication. The first one since 2001 and there was probably not too many people that were a little bit giddy and excited about it besides myself and David R. Burke.proof. The release of this publication in its own right is proof that the Marine Corps is learning. That's a bold statement. So yeah, the Marine Corps has a new pop out. We're going to study it right now. So here we go. Marine Corps, doctional publication 7. It's called Learning. Here we go. And we'll start off with the forward Department of the Navy headquarters in its Marine Corps. The purpose of this publication is to describe the Marine Corps's learning philosophy and explain why learning is critically important to the profession of arms. While the concept, while many of the concepts in this publication have been passed on by Marine leaders throughout our history, this publication seeks to formalize them and provide aspirational goals. That's a familiar subject. Learning is an institutional priority and a professional expectation for all Marines. This mentality is key to the Marine Corps becoming a more effective learning organization. Now you're going to find as we run through this and the way they define learning and the way they talk about learning. Obviously, this does not only apply to the profession of arms and it obviously doesn't apply only to the Marine Corps and it applies to everybody in the world, every human being. Continuing on, the most important factor in this philosophy is the importance of continuous learning throughout our careers for war fighting. Continuous learning is essential to maneuver warfare because it enables Marines to quickly recognize changing conditions in the battle space, adapt and make timely decisions against a thinking enemy. These skills required in war must be learned, developed, and honed over time if neglected. They quickly atrophy. This is one of the first things that I notice is they break down this thing of when you're on the battlefield and this is so clear but when you're on the battlefield, the enemy is doing something and they're changing their tactics and we've talked about that for years what you're actually doing is you're learning what they're doing and you're learning how you need to respond to it. So the mindset of learning is that we we talk about adaptation a lot. Well, if you can't learn, you're not going to be able to adapt anything. Marines leverage the art and science of learning technologies and learning environments that reflect the changing operational environment to tailor learning and provide each other with constructive feedback. Leaders hold Marines to high professional standards of performance conduct and discipline to include learning as Marines rise in rank and position continuous learning and developing our professional skills are a professional expectation. So you are that's what it is. If you're in the Marine Corps, you're learning. That's the expectation. We must make the most of every learning opportunity fostering our subordinates learning while continuing our own. Continuous learning is important to Marines because of the fundamental nature of war and it's ever changing character. The nature of war carries a combination of fear on certainty and bigudity and bigudity, chance horror and above all friction that Marines must prepare to counter. Marines must seek out education and training opportunities that stimulate these conditions. We must train how we fight. As Marines, we must understand how important learning is and be committed to the principles laid out in this publication. Our professional responsibility as Marines is to engage in continuous learning so that we may best support our fellow Marines, our core and our nation signed the H Burger General, US Marine Corps, Comedon of the Marine Corps. That's how they kick it off and if you haven't heard Dave and I talking about any of these other any of the other Marine Corps manuals that we've covered in one of the very first things that I covered on this podcast was war fighting, which is a great publication but the Marine Corps has a way of writing publications and a way of writing. That is awesome. They nail it. Chapter one is called the nature of learning. Starts off with some quotes as a life which I really don't like. In general, I generally don't like when things start with quotes but I think the Marine Corps gets a pass here. I generally don't like when people say, even you know you'll hear someone give a speech, you know, a commencement address and they'll say in the words of so on and so and you're like, right. You know, they could have read that. If you got asked to do a graduate, a commencement speech or you got asked to give a talk, they're asking you to give that talk, right? Am I wrong? No, you're right. And look, I'm not saying that there's not times we're quote-torned. I've used them. I don't use them a lot though. I will say that. In fact, I really use them. It's going to be probably pat and or hack worth. You're shaking your hands. That's how you're going to say is it's Algrange and Mattis. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's kind of my threshold as well. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're going to go with the first one. As a lifetime serial learner, I found that extraordinary people can do the extraordinary who are committed to experiential learning our intellectual ecurious and possess an unquenchable desire to acquire new knowledge. This may be our only advantage in the future fight. And that's from Lorna M. I don't know how you say that last name may lock a gas, but she's a general Marine Corps from Brooklyn, New York via Jamaica. But what I like about that is this may be our only advantage in future fight because at some point the playing feels get level. And then who it's who is smarter? It's not even who is smarter. It's who can learn faster. Yeah. Algrange, 29th Common Out of the Marine Corps, two verbal arts, Mustang, by the way, Camies, by the way, if you go and look at all the Marine Corps commonouts at all and they're dressed blue as except for one. Algrange, they're saying he's in his camis getting after it. And he says, what you did isn't as important as what you were thinking. And how many times when I was in charge of training, I watched somebody do something, watch some young junior officer do something. And I look, I saw what they did. And I'd say, you know, what were you thinking when you just did that? What was your, what was in your head? What were you trying to make happen? Like I get it, I get what you did. I'm not even concerned about that. I want to know what you were thinking. Because you might have made a bad decision. You might have made a bad tactical call, but if you had a good idea, then we can figure out how to teach you the tactics of getting it done. But if you were thinking something wrong, where we have a bit much bigger problem. And then General Mattis, the most important six inches on the battlefield is between your ears. Indeed, needs no explanation. Here we go, getting into it. Warfighting is the most complex, challenging, violent, and dynamic human in-depth. The Marine Corps, as a nation's force and readiness, must have the versatility and flexibility to effectively fight and succeed in any situation and that any intensity across the full spectrum of conflict, whenever and wherever the nation calls. If you think about what that sentence says, check it out. Must have the versatility and flexibility to effectively fight and succeed in any situation. And this is the part that I think is really stands out and at any intensity. Right? This is from hand-to-hand bloodbath combat to non-combatant evacuation. Right? This is just you got to be able to do anything in the full spectrum. Continuing to meet these demands, it is critical that Marines recognize that learning has a direct impact on warfighting. Marines who understand the key learning principles and continuously seek opportunities to develop knowledge, skills, and the proper attitudes throughout their careers will develop wisdom that enables success in battle. As Marines, we pass on our wisdom and our experiences to the next generation of Marines. For the Marine Corps to remain the United States force in readiness. It is critical that every Marines strengthen and value learning in all facets of the Marine Corps culture, learning environments, and leadership development. Learning is a professional responsibility for all Marines at all levels. Learning is a professional responsibility for all Marines at all levels. Marines must develop the habit of continuous learning early in their careers to set conditions for success in increasing levels of responsibility. Really makes it pretty clear. That's what the Marine Corps do. The Marine Corps dox. Man, they nail it. You talk about simple-clear and concise columns. Yes. They just, they got it. The clear. Man, it's right there. Hey, if we're going to win wars, we got to get smart. What I find most, or one of the most impressive things about when you read this is when you read really anything Marine Corps dox pubs. A general, a colonel, a gunny sergeant, and a landscorporer. Can all read this and go, okay, I get that. And I see it. Right? That's what they do so well. It's just, they nail it. And the way they do that is simple-clear and concise. First section, learning and competence. Learning is developing knowledge skills and attitudes through study, experience or instruction. It is a never-ending progression that includes understanding why something is important, the intent of learning. What do you think? It's like, oh, okay, cool. So everything that we talk about from a decentralized command to perspective, when you apply that on an individual level for learning, the exact same rules apply. That means it is your team has to understand why they're doing what they're doing. In this case, people have to understand why something is important. What do you have to understand and decentralized command? What's the command? What's the command? What do you have to understand here? What is the intent of the learning? It goes on. Learning is much more than gathering information and reciting facts and includes cognitive, physical, social, emotional, ethical, and cultural components. Learning occurs in formal settings, like schoolhouse or training exercise, and informal settings such as social experiential, self-directed, and other ways outside the classroom. The developing knowledge, skills, and attitudes interact to influence how Marines think, respond, and act. Is it weird to think about every single thing that you do is based on what you've learned? Now, you can take the Sam Harris approach here and say that you have no free will. Yes. And then you'd have to say, okay, well, if you want to take that into the philosophical world, Sam, we get it. I'm not here to argue philosophy with Sam Harris. What I am going to tell you is this, when I would see young leaders make decisions. They were making decisions based on what they learned, what they experienced. That's where it all comes from. Learning encompasses both training and education, which are equally important and complementary. A simple explanations of the difference between training and education is that training prepares Marines to deal with known factors of war, while education prepares Marines to deal with unknown factors. It's an interesting bifurcation of those two things. I'm going to take me a little while to get my head around that, because I know a lot of the training that I ran, the purpose of the training was to get seals to learn how to deal with unknown factors. So we may have to explore that one a little bit. I don't think they're mutually exclusive, but they are different. Yeah, well, maybe we'll have to explore what they see as training and what they see as education. We'll get there. This is when I read this, I wasn't. I just, I underlined unknown factors. And I was like, yeah, of course, unknown factors. That's what we're trying to teach. Teach people how to deal with unknown factors. Training, I guess, I guess where they draw the line is like, hey, here's the, here's the procedures that we can teach you, right? That's your training. Learn this procedure, learn this procedure, learn this procedure. Education is how do you take those procedures that you've learned and who'd happen to this random new thing that you haven't seen before? Well, this is understandable. All right, I'll begin to wield my yield, I'll begin to yield to this thought process here. Training education are both a compulsion different ways, but they are required working together to instill the learning that results in readiness and effectiveness. The complexity of the modern battle field and increasing rate of change requires a highly educated force. While different education and training are inextrippically linked, education denotes study and intellectual development. Training is primarily learning by doing. Okay, so now they're laying it out of the way. Education notes study and intellectual development. Training is primarily learning by doing. Okay, we will, we will not train without the presence of education, and we must not educate without the complimentary execution of well-consuming training. Okay, I see where they're going. I'm not sure that I would I'm not sure that I would have presented this the same way. I might have to, I would have to think about this. Because training is learning by doing. Okay, I get it. Your hands on, your making stuff happen, and education is not. Education is study and intellectual development. That's what they're saying here. Okay, I think I'm starting to grasp it a little bit better. Because here's how I just grasped it in my mind. The mission of both these things is to learn. Right, and both of them result in learning. In my mind, I was thinking, well, one is one you learn and one you don't learn, but the actual fact is both these things you're going to learn. It's just a method of learning. One of them is one of them is study and one of them is doing. Yeah, it's almost seems like a small thing, but I don't think it's not. I mean, it's a big thing to understand the difference between those two is that if you were just training all the time and never really getting an education on what you're doing or studying or learning the bigger picture that training wouldn't be nearly as useful. You wouldn't learn as much. If you weren't educating yourself, why you're doing it, I know they talk more about it, but there's this idea like if I'm going to go to the rifle range and get really good at shooting the rifle, I could train on the rifle over and over and over again. I could do the same thing in airplane. I could train over and over again. But on the education comes from other components, like what the aircraft that I'm fighting against could do, what my enemies capable of, what the 3D environment might be, and that training evolves because of the education. And if all I ever did was sort of think about what that looked like in 3D about a space and never trained for it, that education by itself, I wouldn't learn as much about doing the training with it. Yeah, yeah, no, I'm seeing it. I'm seeing it. Mm. Continuing on, Marines must always seek better ways to learn throughout the entire continuum of the training of training and education. Throughout this publication, the term learning is emphasized. Training and education are you specifically referring to one or the other. Learning is the overall intended outcome of both training and education. So there you go. Interesting, we. That must have been a little clogged thing in my brain for when I read this. Marines continuously learn to be ready for the constantly changing and increasing demands of warfare and the range of missions. As Marine Corps, doctrinal publication six command and control explains, we earn the trust of others by demonstrating competence, a sense of responsibility, loyalty, and self-discipline. We just talked about that on the last podcast, right? The number one way to to earn trust is competence. Think about that. We earn the trust of others by our own self-discipline. Competence is having sufficient knowledge, judgment, and skills to perform a particular duty job or function. Marines improve competencies through formal and informal learning opportunities that develop the required knowledge skills and attitudes. Marines learn to address complex problems and develop teamwork wherever they may be, whether in garrison deployed or in formal formal learning centers. Learning enables Marines to think critically, develop judgment, and cultivate a bias for action without waiting to be told what to do. The purpose learning enables Marines to think critically, develop judgment and cultivate a bias for action without waiting to be told what to do. That is such the opposite of what people think that the military is. Everyone thinks this is what we told what to do. And here, the actual words are don't wait to be told what to do is the actual words, a bias for action. A Marine with knowledge and skills who lack judgment requires close supervision, which may not be possible in combat conditions hence decentralized command. One, our Marine Corps ethos demands competence, responsibility, loyalty, and self-discipline as military professionals charge with the fence of the nation. Learning prepares Marines to exercise initiative within the commanders in tent, constantly seeking to improve developmental agility and deal with changing situations. Whoever was the guy writing this went out of his way to not just say discipline. Because I always think military, that's actually not what it is. That by itself is not enough. Yep, he's making it perfectly clear to everyone that we're not going to impose discipline on you. You need self-discipline. That's what you need. Decentralized command. Next section, the role of learning in war fighting maneuver warfare requires intelligent leaders at all levels who possess a bias for intelligent action. Oh, he just threw a little change at you. Yeah. And intelligent actions, not just action because we don't want you just to take action. We want you to do something smart. Success in land warfare depends on Marines developing an intellectual edge to accurately recognize cues, make sense of the information, and respond effectively. This intellectual edge is based on developed knowledge and experience that allows Marines to shape conditions and events to their advantage. Developing fundamental cognitive competencies such as problem framing, mental imaging, critical thinking, analysis, synthesis, reasoning, and problem solving enables Marines to make effective decisions more quickly in time constrained operational environments when they often have incomplete inaccurate or even contradictory information. There you go. And this is one of those, what I was reading this sentence yesterday, you are editing some of my work, maybe a couple of weeks ago. And you said, hey, you know this sentence that you wrote here, a lot in there, you used a lot of words here. Think about it. Maybe you could tighten this up. And I read it and I was like, yeah, I'm not typing. I said, you remember that one sentence you said, yeah, I said, I said, I didn't, I'm not changing. And when I read this sentence, I thought about that. I was like, well, could we have kind of made this a little bit more concise? But then I read it again. I thought to myself, no, this, every one of these, what would you take out? Yeah, what do you take out? What do you take out? What do you take out? What do you take out? What do you take out? Where you don't lose some level of meaning. And you know, this, this kind of sentence right here, you know, if you're a young Marine out there, that's that's reading this for the first time, you're going for a second. I didn't, you know, they didn't cover this and in, you know, junior, junior high school English, right? So you have to break it down a little bit. You have to go, what are they talking about? Develop, developing fundamental cognitive competencies. Okay, what does that mean? That means I need to be able to think about these things. Okay? What I need to be able to think about? I need to think about problem framing. What does that mean? It means assessing, looking at things in a certain way. Mental imaging. Okay, what do I see in those things? Critical thinking, are I now I need to think about them? I need to analyze those things. I need to synthesize, I need to take all those things and put them together. I need to reason through them and then I need to problem solve. Yeah. So that's, there's a lot going on there. Yeah, and those are just synonyms, it just repeat yourself. Those are different things. Yeah. And I was, I wrote, I got notes all throughout this thing. But obviously the Marine Corps, the title of this section is the role of learning and war fighting. Well, that's, that's cool because there's the Marine Corps, we're about war fighting. If you take out the word marine, take out the word war fighting. This is describing life. I want to talk about how is this applicable to my world? I have to make decisions when I don't have, when I have incomplete inaccurate or contradictory information. When don't you have that? War fighting, it's a no-brainer, but it's actually true everywhere. I mean, this thing is, it's written so clearly for any situation. Yeah. A central tentative maneuver warfare is attacking the enemies ability to make decisions and shift the mental aspects of warfare to the Marines' advantage. In short, Marines develop an intellectual edge by learning cognitive skills and competencies that enable them to move through the observe orient-decide and act cycle often referred to as the U-to-loop, more quickly and effectively than the enemy. The war fighter who recognizes what is happening adapts the situation and makes and then makes effective decisions in the shortest amount of time will typically have an advantage. The U-to-loop decision-making cycles even more important in preparation for future conflicts because as new technologies emerge, the rate of change will continue to increase. Therefore, Marines must continuously improve their knowledge and skills by leveraging technology but never depend upon technology alone as the solution. We're back to Colonel Boyd. Marine should observe their environment to recognize key cues, synthesize these cues to orient and quickly make sense of the information in order to decide and act and then Marines will start the cycle again as they observe the effects of their actions. So, you're a play chess. Yes. Are you good? No. But I can play. Okay. So, so you think you can take me? No. Okay. Check. You probably could. I don't know if I could chess play or not. I don't play chess. Okay. So, I know how to play but I don't play it. But I understand the game. So, one thing that's interesting about the game is and there's a great documentary about the current world champion in chess and I've freed his last name as first name as Magnus. Yeah. I watched it. I know it's talking. Yeah. Yeah. So, what's cool is and when I learned from watching that documentary is that when you're a good chess player, you're seeing patterns. You're just seeing chunks of the board and you can take all those pieces that are there and you understand the whole thing. And then the better you are, the more chunks you understand and the more you understand how they're going to play out. And it's the same thing. Now, when you take that and you look at, you know, if you look at Gigiitsu, like I see where your arm is and I know what that indicates, the three possibilities that you have and one of those possibilities isn't really a possibility because you also have your leg over here. So, that means two possibilities. And so, you can see these chunks. You can see things and you can react to it. And then, as you get good at reacting to seeing these chunks and get good at reacting to pattern recognition, what makes it so, what happens is you see pattern, you get pattern recognition. And what makes it easy isn't that you, it's not that I see a pattern and I see a pattern, I see a pattern, I see a pattern, I know what's doing, I know what's doing, too. That's easy. That's like level one. That's your white belt, fought process. But what makes it easy when you're operating a high level is you see the chunks, you see the patterns that you recognize and you know what's to do. But then you see a small outlier and you're able to recognize it. If you didn't know those patterns, you wouldn't recognize that outlier at all. As soon as you see that outliner, because all those chunks, those other pieces are where they are, you go, oh, outlier? I understand how that outlier fits into this whole picture and I can solve that problem. I can solve it a thousand times faster than someone that has to take all the different chunks and all these different things and put them together. So when we're training Marines or training humans, what we're trying to get good at is that whole process right there. And when I see something, I go, oh, this is what's happening. Okay, I see that, yeah, I'm going to do this and I see that, I'm going to do this. Oh, here, out of the five things that took me no thought whatsoever, I can solve those without even thinking, I know what to do. And then there's this one outlier thing that I see and I go, oh, that's the way that's different. And if I had to deal, if I had to deal with each of those five chunks in an individual basis and solve each one of those problems, I wouldn't even notice that outlier. I wouldn't even see it. But when I see it, when I recognize everything and I pattern recognition on five things or four out of five things that one thing that I don't recognize, I can focus my efforts on it and I can get it solved. And that's what you're trying to train leaders to do. Is recognize even, even when we talk about dealing with people, right, dealing with, you know, you're in a leadership position. Here's the nine different types of, you know, if you and I, if I say, I got to go talk to this guy who's, you know, has a bad temper and you and I'll roll plant. And there's eight things that will cover and I'll be like, yep, if he does this, if he does that, I'll do that. And then when I walk in and confront you about this or talk to you about this, seven of those things that you throw at me, I'm already ready for. And that means when you hit me with the one that I didn't expect, it's cool because I can just go, okay, I see what he's, I see what he is, I see what's happening. I have the other part, Tandel, and I can just focus on this one little thing right now, which is, I see what's happening. He's really committed to this part of his plan. Okay, cool. Hey, you know what, I think that one part of your plan, I think that's actually one of the better plans I've seen. And all of a sudden, I solve that thing. Which if I went into that room without recognizing the other patterns, I never would have even seen that outlier. Yeah. That's a really complex thing that I just tried to explain. How did I do? Echo, did I do it? Yeah, pretty good. Not that. Maybe this is just, maybe add to it. But yes, so you have the eight scenarios and, you know, nine scenarios out of the ten and whatever that you know, the one that you don't necessarily know. If you're thorough with the nine that you know, you know why you have the solutions, like the solutions are the solutions for these nine that you do know for reasons, right. So you know about all those reasons. So when that tenth one comes, you don't know the solution, but you know all the reasoning behind the other solutions and you apply those that reasoning. Yes. So I'm saying, so yes, I dig it. You're, you're talking about running, they reference this Udolup, which they do, the Marine Corps uses, I mean, boy, basically drove maneuver or warfare from the Marine Corps with that concept. But you're really talking about running Udolup with all these different loops at the same time and the real key is to find the one where the point of friction really is. And that's why if you're in our plane, this linear game, just you against me, and this one thing, it doesn't really make a difference. But if I'm running seven or eight and I recognize it, this is the one where the friction really is and you don't even, you have no clues even there. I'm not even worried about the other ones. Now, I need to keep up with those things. I can't ignore them, but I'm going to solve this thing and I'll be making decisions to maneuver this place where I want it and you won't even know that it's happening. That's how common you said, are you going to beat me in chess? I'm like, well, if you actually know how to play chess, I'm not going to beat you, because I'm actually sort of still displaying checkers. But you are off your solving this other problem that I'm not even paying attention to and you might have eight, nine, ten multiple Udolup to the same time of getting all these different things, but only you have to figure out the one that matters. And if I don't know what you're doing, I'm not even competing with you. I'm losing and I'll be no way. Yeah. And as I was talking about, we hear the other day. Yeah. I'm running Udolups on top. I'm running Udolups with Udolups inside it. Yeah. So it's like, here's four or five things that are going on, but there's a bigger thing that's going on outside of that. We got Udolups going on inside of Udolups and, and you can't do none of these things. You can't deal with the seven Udolups going on at the same time and identify the other one. You can't do Udolups within Udolups if you get caught up in those loops yourself. You got to be able to detach that back and the more that you train to do that, the easier it becomes to recognize these things, these outliers and you're able to focus your mind where you need to focus it and make decisions properly. Yep. And sometimes those cues are minuscule and subtle and you can almost unidentifiable, but if you've done it enough, oh yeah, if you have done it a lot, the more you do it, these things, these little tiny unnoticeable things, start to just look like just giant red flasks, so easy to see. And you go, there's the flank coming out me. Yep. I remember, Top Gunn, you do a lot of one against one, a lot of BFF. I kind of feels somewhat two-dimensional linear. It kind of is, but there's a million little cues that takes a lot of experience and I remember fighting with someone and probably halfway through the fight and debriefing kind of recognizing. This is the place here where I knew that these other things were no longer going to happen and this is going to happen. I maneuvered here, that's how I got behind you and killed you and said, how did you know this was going to happen here when I was, you know, five of those previous in the chess board and I'm like, well, look at across the horizon, you're leading edge flaps are kind of dug in a little bit lower than normal, which means you were at least between, I don't know, 220 and 240 knots. Let's go to your tape and it's 277 knots. And he's like, how, and I'm like, look, I'm not smarter than you, but I have seen that and I've looked for that and I noticed your three degrees above the horizon, which means you're going a little bit slower, which means you don't have these options anymore. I don't have to worry about you going up. So I'm making these decisions based on what and he doesn't even know those things are happening and it's like you said those cues, but after a while, those cues become so easy to see. Yeah, there's four or five Oedalooops that are going, you can throw them all, throw four from away the fifth one. Oh, yeah, here's where he's going next. Got it. And I'm going to be right here waiting for him. Totally. Good luck. I'm going to start maneuvering on this chess board. You don't even know what's happening and then you're going to make your move like I'm already set up to the point. Yeah, yeah, yeah, totally. Next through progressive learning experience Marines at all levels develop a bias for action, enabled by adaptive rapid decision making. The more Marines learn and exercise this bias for action, the better it becomes. Once again, the more Marines learn and exercise this bias for action, the better becomes. And this is something that you know, on EF online last week, a guy said, hey, I'm not an aggressive leader. You know, what do I do? I'm not an aggressive leader. How do I get better? And I said, well, first of all, and I laid out the whole thing like when you're talking and we ended up covering a similar question on the podcast, which is like, hey, aggressive doesn't mean loudening your face. It doesn't mean getting crazy. Aggressive means you are making your taking action. It's aggressively pursuing action. And one of the things that I use is people say, how can I train someone to be more aggressive? It's real easy. You put them in situations where if they're not aggressive, they die. Or whatever metaphorical world you live in, hey, if you don't call the client, the client's going to blow up and you're going to lose the deal. If you don't solve this problem with your electrical system, that electrosystems going to fail, and it's going to be a disaster. So what you learn to do is go, okay, I'm not 100% sure what to do, but I'm going to do something right now and make something happen. And you must, I mean, this was super easy for me because I would put an element out in the field. There's, you know, there's some seals on us, alter a target and has there a something to target, you know, they'll have a single shooter now buying building. And they learn real quick if they do nothing cool, that guy's going to get his friends and he's going to kick their ass. And if they do something aggressive, they'll get that problem solved before it even really becomes a problem. So you can learn a bias for action. And that's how you learn it. And by the way, sometimes you, you do something aggressive and it doesn't work out the way you want it to. You're playing, you're playing a little bit, there's a gambling, right? There's a, there's an odds, there's odds to be played. And we covered this couple podcasts ago, you're playing the odds, right? And odds are seven out of ten times, your aggressive move is going to be the right move. Three out of ten times, maybe it wasn't the best move, but you, you got to play the odds. And that's also why we do it a revision making because just because I'm doing something aggressive doesn't mean that I go all in and sacrifice everything else. No, I make a small move in the direction that I think is right aggressively. And then I lead my feedback loop off of that. Continuing, although war games are training exercises, approximate the conditions of war, Marines cannot fully replicate the dangers complexities, emotions and friction of actual combat. Marines experience a variety of training situations that approximate combat situations, so that learned experiences can be remembered and applied during the stresses and friction of combat through both direct and indirect experiences and Marines develop a realistic appreciation for what is possible in combat and what is not. So one of the things that I used to tell guys, one of the failings of training for me when I was training, when I was running training, was we in paintball, we had laser guns to simulate, one thing that I could not simulate is fear of death because I couldn't do it with my trade at role players because they'd be like, hey, we're going to die, we're going to get some, and that's a little bit more realistic because you could say, hey, these are geologists and they don't care if they die cool. But the seals to say, like, you know, there's a downman in the middle of the street and in one second, there's four seals running out to save them. When those rounds are hitting, it's going to take a moment. You know, it's going to take some color fire, it's going to take a moment. So that's the one thing I would have a hard time simulating is, hey, you're going to be afraid. And even if you're not afraid, two of the guys, three of the guys that are with you are going to be afraid, are not going to want to step into that alleyway, they're not going to step away into the street or whatever. And so you got to calculate for that. So I would try and get people to behave as if, you know, you do this, you, you die. When I read this, I was thinking of a story, you've told me, you tell the story a lot is a story about stoner in his first combat mission. And you go to the story, what happens in the guy after the thing is that the the Battalion Commander, the Hewzer is working, it's like man, there was a mid team leader, a mid team major, he was a major in the mid team, which by the way, just real quick, mid team that meant he had been, you know, in in Ramadi for five months getting in gun fights. But yeah, totally. And just the point where he's like, hey, man, obviously you've been in a ton of these experiences and kind of, and you're like, actually Seth was like, no, it was my first time. But even like, I was even looking at the little things like this training approximate combat situations. They were smart enough to not say replicates or is it's not the same. But it's just enough to get you to be prepared for what you're going to see. And actually if you do it, well, you can't make it perfect. But if you do it well, that's exactly how people respond in that most chaotic thing, which was exactly what happened to Stoner. No, yeah, it's and I would have guys all the time come back and say, oh yeah, thanks for the training. Because it was as good as it gets. Totally fast forward a little bit. Marines need to develop the memory skills because Marines as human beings increasingly tend to digitally store and search for information rather than committing information to short-term or long-term memory. Marines cannot always rely on technologies or on being able to digitally search for information during combat due to many reasons such as time constraints, lack of network access or the need to minimize electronic segmentures. Therefore, Marines at all levels need to train their minds to memorize and recall important information to reflect upon that knowledge, to develop understanding and to frequently exercise these skills through training so that information could be recalled and stinktively during combat. And I forgot to mention that yes, I am skipping forward through some of this information. But you know, it's just because we're not going to do it. We're going to try not to do this 17 hour podcast on this one manual. I was wondering how are you going to not read the whole part. I was wondering it too, especially in the opening when you're just going, okay, this whole thing. Totally. This whole thing is good. Next section key principles of learning. The first learning principle is know yourself and seek self-improvement. A Marines mindset values ethics and experiences impact his or her learning decisions and actions. Once again, sorry Sam Harris. We do have free will or at least Marines on the battlefield Sam Harris have free will to make decisions and take actions based on the impact of their learning based on their mindset, based on their values based on their ethics, based on their experiences. Fast forward a little bit when Marines are aware of how perspectives and experiences shape their thinking. They can better identify assumptions, biases, and other factors that influence learning. Previous experiences are valuable for many reasons, such as providing personalized references to integrate new knowledge, skills and experience in the memory. Marines learn in fight effectively despite friction, which has been described as the force in war that makes the apparently easy, so difficult. Learning is not always easy. A lack of self-awareness, emotional regulation, humility, time management, or biases can cause friction that makes learning more difficult. Yeah, check it out. If you're not self-aware, if you can't regulate your emotions, if you're not humble, if you don't have good time management, or if you have biases, you're going to be hard to learn. Which are all natural things, by the way. Which are all natural things, which are all things that we kind of every, by naturalizing me mean like that's where we tend. Yes. We tend to lack self-awareness. We tend to not be able to control our emotions. We tend to lack humility. We tend not to be able to do time management. We tend to have biases. Yeah, thank you all, correct. I go to Charles. Marines overcome this friction and seek self-improvement by better understanding themselves, particularly how our values ethics and perspectives influence the learning. And now I think it's important to remember that when we're talking about learning in that context right there, I'm talking about hey, what I learned from this class or this training, it's what am I learning on the battlefield? What am I seeing and how are my biases negatively impacting how I'm able to take on this new information and adapt to it? Because that's what happens. You know, you have this idea in your head of how things should be and therefore when the enemy does something you don't expect you, you don't accept it. You act like it happened in a different way. They couldn't, they just got lucky. You make excuses for yourself, you make excuses for the enemy, they got lucky. They can't do that again. Those are your biases, preventing you from learning. I mean, we must have, we did that like crazy in Iraq. We as a country, right? Oh, they can't be, this can't be an organized campaign. So just, there's just some rattle browsers out there. But we just wouldn't accept it. This isn't an insert and these are just some outpoggots. I'll be drawing some discruntled folks around here. I fast forward a year and a half, two years. We got a full fledged insert as he on our hands. What's a rattle browser? Some of that just causes problems. Second principle, the second learning principle is be ready and willing to learn. You wouldn't think you'd have to say that. Yeah, but you do without a doubt. Even that first one of know yourself and seek self improvement, it seems like that would be a natural tendency to do that. It's actually not your ego. At some point, it gives like you don't need to keep learning. You don't need to get better. You don't need to improve. And the reason it's in there is that not only is it natural, like you were saying, that is an overwhelming powerful force. Your own ego telling you, bro, you've got this thing figured out. Yeah, you know, know yourself. Yeah, yeah. Who knows me better than myself? Right? It's over there, quote, Sun Siu, better one, echo Charles. No, well, I'm just saying you said it in there. So you ever seen your set well? You're probably different, but us normal people, we sometimes will see ourselves on camera or hear our own voice on in a recording and be like, oh my gosh, you can't believe I sound like that. Meanwhile, you know who listens to your voice 100% of the time you yet. You still don't really know yourself because when you see it kind of, you know, detached from you doing it in the moment, it seems different for Sunri then. Isn't that weird? So we kind of don't know ourselves, I think. Yeah, I would say there's very few people that when they hear themselves, they go, yep, that's what I sound like. Yeah, especially at first, after a while, you know, yeah, you get used to it or whatever, but at the end of day, that's a common thing. I think for people where they see themselves and or they hear themselves and they're like, oh, and there for some reason moved by it in one way or another, you know, like they haven't been with themselves their whole life kind of thing. You know, like it's some kind of weird surprise or something like that. So it's kind of like, no, you don't really know yourself. I think you for the most part anyway, like you experience little little slivers of yourself while you're behaving and then you kind of paint your own picture. Like, oh, I just said that I must have sounded real cool saying that. I mean, while you hear a played back, you like dang it and it's a little. Yeah, those are those are valid. You know what's interesting about this section right here. So we start off saying, now, you know, this is, this is, what's good about the ring course? You know, this is taking a Lance Corp on Canary this and and Gunny Sergeant can read this and a Colonel can read this and they all can like understand it. Here's what's interesting about this. This section right here, believe it or not, in my humble opinion, is actually aimed at the Colonel because the Lance Corp was like, hey, brah I'm here to learn. Yeah, I got my mind is wide open. It's the Colonel and the Gunny or the Master Guns, that's like I already got this or already have this depending if it's the Gunny or the Colonel or the Colonel. Yeah, because the minute that you think you know everything is the minute that you are not ready and willing to learn and that's when you're going backwards. So this section right here, they actually aimed this section point blank at this, the senior people that think they know because those those young kids man, they're ready to learn. They're not sitting there going on, you know this. I mean, it's like a new guy in a seal put in. That guy's that kid's ready to learn. But once you're a senior and listed guy or you're a more senior officer, all of a sudden you know anything, you know everything. Marines have the professional responsibility to learn throughout their careers and should always seek opportunities to learn. Marines must take an active role in learning, be intellectually curious and look for new ways to adapt when they have learned to adapt what they learn to other relevant situations. There are many factors that indicate a person's willingness and readiness to learn such physical, behavioral, societal, emotional, and cognitive skills. Additionally, humility, courage, integrity, perseverance, motivation, and discipline are other key qualities that affect the learning readiness. What's the number one humility? Interesting courage is number two. Why is that? Because what kind of person just says, you know, I already got this. Right? Or they don't have the courage to raise your hand. That's what I should have said. The person that humbless not humble says, you know, I already got this. The person that lacks courage won't go, hey, you know what, a boss, you know what, I don't really understand this. Can you can you tell me this again? That takes courage. You're in a group of people, raise your hand. Man, when I was going to college and I was a 20, whatever year old man going to college with a bunch of 18 year olds, I had, I had a preponderance of moral courage. The front of the classroom, I'd be like, a professor, I don't understand that. Can you go over that again? Yeah. And it made me so much do so much better because, you know, I guarantee this kids in the back of class, they don't understand something. They're not going to say anything and look stupid. I didn't care. Yeah. So you have that courage integrity, perseverance, motivation and discipline. Starts with humility and with discipline. I like this book. Marines increase their learning readiness by having courage, perseverance and discipline to continuously seek new professional knowledge skills and experiences. A Marines learning can be facilitated by developing an awareness and understanding of one's own thought processes. Marine sharpen their intellect by studying how to think better than applying these skills to improve as learners, leaders and decision makers. The third principle is to understand why you are learning. And this is what's key. What you can take away from this. Hey, look, apply this to yourself. For sure, apply it to your kids, apply it to your students, apply it to the people that you work with. You want to make sure everyone understands why they're learning, especially the kids. Like, yeah, for you absolutely apply it, but as an instructor, you can you can reverse engineer this as an instructor and you lead with why something is important to know. And that will help people open their brains. When Marines understand why they are learning concepts and skills, they better understand the importance of learning to the mission and are more motivated to learn. By understanding the context of learning, Marines are better able to apply concepts and skills, new situations, increasing their confidence in that adaptability. Unknowns, uncertainty and disorder will never be eliminated in battle. Information may be unclear, misinterpreted, influenced by the enemy or communication systems may fail. When Marines understand why they are learning, it enables them to focus on learning of the known and adapting to the familiar and adapting to the unfamiliar more quickly and effectively than the enemy. That's the outlier thing we just talked about. Yeah. I see all the things that you're doing. I see the nine pattern recognitions. There's the one outlier I'm on it. Outlearning the enemy, therefore, it's key outfitting the enemy. That's a big deal. Outlearning the enemy is the key to outfining. Not the brute force, not getting bigger equipment or stronger things. It's outlearning it. That's how you're going to win. Yeah. When you start to look at learning as a skill that's required for battle, you start to look at it different. Yes. Totally. And then you could start breaking down. How am I going to go about learning? What am I paying attention to? How do I assess things that I'm hearing? How do I assemble all that knowledge together? There's a lot that goes into it. Dude, there's a ton and if I wasn't around when somebody decided we need to put a doctrinal pub around learning for the Marine Corps. But it's a really good idea. And it probably came from someone who was like me that as a second lieutenant who had a pile of things that I was supposed to learn when I got to the Basics School and they gave me all these same pubs, warfitting, tactics, strategy. And learning to me was I'm going to read this and find the answers in these books so I can take the test and pass and be really good. And I'm going to learn what the answers are, which is totally wrong, totally different. And the sooner the force, any organization figures out how to crack the code and getting people to actually want to do this for their own self-interest, the better. And I'm sure that that's a driver behind this as a generation of people going, I'm learning what the answers are and that is not learning. That is not an effective way to do. And that's partly the reason I'm mad as is so credible because the things he talked about more than anything, he doesn't talk about combat nearly as much as he talks about all the preparation he did and all the things that he read and that's what people figured out about mad as is what made him brilliant was how much he he read and studied. And each time he read and studied he got a little bit of pattern recognition understood things better. Kind of a little smarter. Got a little bit smarter. Learned. Yes. Second Lieutenant Burke didn't learn nearly as much as he showed out. Yeah, you know and that's one of the things you know on the thread podcast, you know, I talk about the fact that everything's connected and when things aren't when you don't make the connections between things, it'd be like if you started taking you to a people like, okay this is the armlock. You're going to learn that in the armlock room and then you go into another room with another instructor and they teach you the triangle and then you go to another room with another instructor and they teach you the sweep. All those things by themselves, they're not meaningless but they have, they low value. Very low value, comparatively speaking. So that was the original idea of the thread podcast was listen. People don't connect everything and everything's connected. Connect things. The fourth learning principle is to provide and receive constructive feedback. One cannot learn without feedback. It is critical to learning and developing adaptability. There are two sources of feedback. Intrinsic sources, IE internal and extrinsic sources, IE external. For example, a Marine's own perception that he or she jerked the trigger when shooting a rifle, then adjusting the trigger pull on the next shot would be an example of intrinsic feedback. In this same example, extrinsic feedback would be a marksman stripping structure, marksman stripping structure identifying their error in the two the Marine, then demonstrating the proper trigger pull. Both intrinsic and extrinsic feedback are important for learning and developing adaptability. Adaptability is the quality of being able to adjust the new conditions. Marine's develop adaptability when they examine a situation, recognize what is happening and adjust their response to the new conditions. The process of learning is itself a form of adaptive behavior and is essential element of combat effectiveness. Check. The final principle is that learning is purpose-driven to develop professional competence. Learning has specific goals and measurable objectives to gauge progress toward developing competencies. Marine learning is team-oriented so that Marines develop the skills and connections to fight collectively. Additionally, Marine's study history and world events to be more prepared to respond to new challenges such as the increase in globalization and competition for resources. Effective war fighters adapt to fluid changes in circumstances in order to deal with complex problems and to proactively shape events for advantage. Marine sometimes conceptualize the enemy and or adversary as a single person or group of people, but should be viewed as a complex system. Obviously, Marine study history and world events and that's one of the most awesome things that happens to me when I travel and meet Marines around the country and around the world is a lot of Marines listen to this podcast so that they have a better understanding of war in context of history. By listening, they're fulfilling, at least in some part, fulfilling this and what's really cool is when someone sends me a picture of 12 books from the podcast that they ordered in red and now they haven't even more in depth knowledge of things. There's a lot in here, man. This idea of adapting to fluid changes in circumstances in order to deal with complex problems and proactively shape events for an advantage. That's the core of every question we've been asked at echelon front for the last month. In this complex fluid environment that nobody anticipated and nobody expected to happen and what are they going to do to proactively shape the outcome rather than just be a victim of it on how this thing plays out. What do I need to do to shape the outcome? What do I need to take control of? And if you don't have a long history of learning how to deal with these type of settings, you're going to have a really hard time. And it's nice to bring that word shape in as opposed to what can I do to control the outcome? Because that's what you can't control the outcome. The outcome is going to come. How can you shape it? The teacher's advantage. Absolutely. Next section, the human dimension and science of learning. Conflict is a human phenomena. Understanding human nature helps Marines to understand conflict. Marine's prepare for the complexities of each conflict by studying social, economic, political, cultural, environmental, interpersonal and intrapersonal factors. You got to know human beings. How many times have I said that on this podcast? Echo Charles. I want a number. 86, something. 70,000. Thanks. These factors often exert a greater influence on this character and outcome of war. Then do factors such as the size of the enemy formations and their equipment. To all these things, human nature has a bigger influence. Oftentimes, then the size of the enemy formations or their equipment. We're talking about just human nature. And that's why leadership is always the most important thing. Leadership is a human endeavor. You can have the best and the most equipment in the world. And if you have bad leadership, if you don't understand your people, you're going to lose. You're going to lose against the person who is better-led and better understands a human components that you're dealing with. That's really the comment you made earlier. Those are human things. Yeah, I even wrote that down. Leadership is also a human endeavor. Marine's, go. As is a able wrote down, this is huge and underlying that. Marines learn as much as possible about the different human factors, cultures, perspectives, and ideas that impact operations, developing self-awareness of the personal factors that can detract from learning, such as hubris, ego, bias, enables Marines to overcome friction. Marine strived to view situations in information objectively and unemotionally, provide candid feedback to each other and learn to overcome or mitigate factors that negatively impact preparedness. Yes, yes, and yes. Yes, ego, bias, bring us down. Marine strived to view situations in information objectively and unemotionally, and provide candid feedback to each other and learn to overcome or mitigate factors that negatively impact preparedness. Reason I'm rehashing that one is because sometimes people utilize the candid feedback thing, but they forget about ego and hubris of the other person. So when I'm just going to give you some candid feedback, there are echo trials. When I forget about is that you have an ego. And so by giving you this candid feedback that you're not really prepared to receive, you're going to get defensive, the whole nine yards, you're not going to make any changes. Whereas if I can find a way to use maneuver or fair around that ego and provide you with feedback that somehow comes from your own brain because a seed's been planted by me, it's going to be better off. Throw a little bone to the Marine Corps on that one. Just take your thought process a little bit further on that one. Yes, Dave, little bit more. Just can we go a little bit? Can we apply what we're talking about just a little bit more and be a little bit better? Candid feedback is awesome. When there is this level of relationships and then ego, ego has been put in check, it works. And then we strive for that. It's hard to achieve. Unemotional, unemotional, candid feedback. Because how many people do you know really are geared to absorb candid feedback in an unemotional manner, especially after something like preparation for the theater? What I wrote about that later, subtracted the entire kick. I tried to help the person on the receiving end. I'm like, listen, when somebody gives you criticism, even if it's coming from someone that you think has no business giving you any feedback whatsoever, listen to them. And absorb what they say and see if you can apply it to make yourself better. And that right there, that little learning to do that as a human being. If you could learn to do that, as a human being, your life is going to be a thousand times better than it would if you never get over that hump of a, I don't like this guy, so I'm not going to listen what he has to say. Where is someone that just opened? This is you know what? And this is to your point, Dave, how many people have I met in my entire life? That were just, oh, hit me with some more candid feedback so I can just get better. Do they exist? Sure, do we get to a point? Do do sometimes people, you know, I have a relationship with someone or go, you know, someone I was putting someone through training, I could just tell like, I'm saying something, they're going to have their know, but if you're like, hey, I got it, you know, that's a great point. Thank you. Sure, if that happens, for sure, it doesn't happen all the time. It doesn't happen most of the time. Does it say unimotional candid feedback? Yes, it's a, it says, Marine strive to view situations and information objectively and unimotionally provide candid feedback to each other and learn to overcome or mitigate factors that negatively impact preparedness. Yeah, so I guess overall, it's provide and accept any emotional. So even the unimotional kind of feedback that might, that, um, so you know how in a typical situation, I don't know, typical, what I don't even know what that even means, but a situation where you're like, hey, candid feedback in the guy kind of takes it as the, as the, the golden past to just just basically hit him as hard as he can, like, yeah, this method was straight up dog shit, you know, like that's not unimotional. That's emotional feedback right there, seem saying, like it's on the other side, it's on the negative emotion rather than, oh, you know, you could have done better, you know, it's, I mean, maybe it's candid, but you're right, and so I'm going to take this one more, one more step for the next release of this. We're going to talk about this. The reason when they revise this, when we talk about candid feedback, we also need to talk about human nature, right? Because human nature is, I bristle at candid feedback. And like I said, are there people that don't, and the goal here, the ideal goal is, like, hey, I'm a Marine, you're a Marine. I'm going to give you some candid feedback, you're going to take it on board, we're going to move forward. I get it, man, I love that. I wish that the way the world works. We have to remember human nature. We have to remember that human nature provides a level of resistance against candid feedback. I'm sorry. Yeah, and they, and they, they touch on it. They kind of talk about it a little bit, but they don't really get to the core of here is the real barrier you're going to get when you're dealing with this. Now, the good news is that anybody listening to this podcast is already listening to the previous podcast, and if you're going to be an Emily Qualified Human, the way you're going to deal with this, when they're talking about viewing feedback objectively and unemotionally, the real scenario is, I'm in charge of this mission. I built the plan, this is all the stuff that I'm, I'm the leader that I come back and then Jacob and my instructor comes back and destroys what, give me feedback. Now, what he should be able to do is tell me all these things and make go dude, those are all really good points. I'm going to incorporate all those in the next mission brief. I'm going to build this into my plan next time. We're going to go get better. But what I do is I come show up ready for that feedback to defend what I did because that was my plan. I was the mission commander and I can't be unemotional and detached, but I should be. So if you're listening to this, your job is to take all the feedback you get even from the people that you cannot stand in an unemotional, an objective fashion. We got a question just last week, what do I do with the perennial complainer on my team that is constantly complaining about everything? You know what the answer is? Listen to him. Because it might actually have some feedback for you. The problem isn't the he's a perennial complainer or the problem that you don't want to hear him. But the almost exact opportunity to choose when you were providing feedback, if you go in with the assumption that that person will be just like you and unemotional and prepared, you're also going to be ineffective that you have to make the exact opposite approach, which is you're going to be dealing with nothing but their ego. And you know if it turns out that I'm debriefing Jaco and he's totally in the game than that's then we're good. And we represent, I don't know, 5% or 10% of the interactions if you're lucky that you're going to get. But over time, if you actually take people see you as a leader, taking other people's feedback when they appear to be not credible and not good people take feedback from and you're willing to listen to them, you actually can influence other people doing that. Takes time. What they don't talk about and here is when you decide to go do that, here's all the barriers are going to be in place with this plan of hey man, I'm just going to come to the front door of Jaco and give you some candid feedback. You're just going to take it and it's going to go again. Look, look, Marine Corps, we get the ideal. I would love, I would love if that was the way the world works. Unfortunately, we have to deal with human nature. That's what we have to deal with. Just like after the other thing combat, you have to deal deal with it in a debrief. So be ready for it. Control what you can control. Learn from it. Alright, violence and danger will always be parts of war, learning to fight in dangerous conditions despite fear and uncertainty is key to war fighting. Marines of all ranks must understand how the body and mind respond to fear and stress so that they better control the responses in any situation, including combat. Marines learn how to effectively control stress reactions and fight dangerous conditions through realistic training, increasing self awareness, understanding the attributes of war, and increasing mental and physical resilience. For example, Marines learn breathing techniques during marksmanship training to better control how the body's nervous system response to stress in order to shoot more accurately. The breathing techniques help Marines to control their heart rate, respiration, attention and muscular stress and muscles under stress, which then increases the accuracy of fire. Combat can challenge, unique cohesion and present Marines with a variety of moral and ethical dilemmas. Marines develop strong mental, moral, spiritual and ethical understanding because they are as important as physical skills when operating in the violence of combat. And it's interesting too, I thought they were going to make this connection and maybe I forgot maybe they make it later, but I don't think they do. But you and I made it on the last podcast talking about the code book. The breathing techniques help Marines control their heart rate respiration, attention, muscles under stress and then increase their accuracy of their fire. That's cool. It doesn't only apply to shooting your rifle. It applies to everything that you're going to do, whether you're dealing with somebody that's combative and you got to put hands on them, whether you're dealing with your boss at yelling with at you or whether you're dealing with your six-year-old kid that just threw a temper tantrum. All those things can come into play. The science of learning encompasses many disciplines such as neuroscience, psychology, and androgology, which is adult learning. The human brain is a constantly reorganizing system capable of being shaped and reshaped across an entire lifespan. Each new learning event impacts the brain regardless of the Marines age, rank, or level of experience. Therefore, Marines should understand that challenging experiences enhance the brain and better hone their warfighting capability. Science is also identified that individuals and teams have differences in the way they learn with varying sensory preferences for learning competencies and strengths. So that's something you hear about. You know, people learn in different ways, but the science before that one challenging experiences enhance the brain and better hone their warfighting capability. We want to do things that are hard. We need to do things that are hard. Adult learning involves adapting or modifying the prior relevant information to specific situation or problem that the Marines seek to resolve. You're taking what you know and applying it to new situations. And effective way that Marines can accelerate their learning is by indirectly learning from others through vicarious experience. By garyous experiences, our relevant learning opportunities that each marine obtains by observing, reading and studying what others have experienced. There is no excuse for not learning from others. Each Marine must learn how to learn both independently and collectively in teams. Social and interpersonal factors such as effective communication group cohesion and trust all influence learning. I'm going to read that one again. Social and interpersonal factors such as effective communication group cohesion and trust all influence learning. When these factors are positive, they facilitate learning process, facilitate the learning process and create strong relationships. This is the thing that I've gone over a bunch of times recently. It was like, hey, why was I able to like rip apart a young lieutenant in a debrief? It's because he trusted me and we had we had that the strong relationship and therefore I can say I can get candid. That's why I caught myself in the last example. I was given this example where you're going to come in and rip apart my debrief and I caught myself. I'm like, oh, I'm actually going on the assumption when I say that that we have such a good relationship that I realize that what you're doing is actually trying to help me as opposed to coming in there and being a tyrant to tear my plan apart was because of exactly that when the when the environment is positive, you can come in and you can rip that thing to shreds as you need to to shreds and all of it is for me to get better. I look at every single thing and it said to go, man, I really wish you could kind of be nicer when you say that. I mean, think about that. I just look for the things that you're saying which actually is a massive time saver and allows you to be more effective and more efficient because you're not worried about those other things but like you said before the problem with that is you can't take that for granted that that's actually really really hard to get and a lot of those people are like, hey, I'm just trying to help you out, man. I'm just trying to help you here. But if they don't hear you, it doesn't matter. You're not effective. Yeah. And the efficiency thing again, I've been talking about this lately. It's like the efficiency thing of like, well, look, wouldn't it just be easier? If I could just tell Dave, hey, Dave, here's where you screwed up and that brief and you did these three things wrong. That's obvious. Yeah. Yeah. More efficient. And I'm a matter of fact kind of guy and people's just kind of get on board and like, it would be more efficient if Dave listened to anything I said. If he made any adjustment, but the problem is he doesn't adjust anything. He just puts up his defenses and so it's efficient in delivery. It's completely inefficient in absorption. Totally. Doesn't work. It's not effective. Period. Marine should actively seek to understand human and environmental factors that influence learning while avoiding thoughts and behaviors that can negatively affect learning and cohesion. Next section, problem solving is a warfighting capability. Time spent learning how to effectively think and solve problems as time well invested. Marines must build the skills to recognize potential problems, reason and critically and think critically. Reasoning is the process of thinking about something in a logical way to form a conclusion or judgment. Critical thinking is the reflective part of that reasoning. Critical thinking skills include inference, evaluation, interpretation and explanation. Developing these skills enables Marines to understand not only the information presented, but also its potential implications and secondary effects. And this is one of those things where when you are, when you're in a leadership position, being able to do this quickly, being able to look at like a problem in a solution and two or three solutions and being able to figure out what's going to happen if I imply this one, this one, and see, hey, this one will solve it quick, but I got that I'm going to deal with this giant mess that I just created. Cool. I'm going to option B. That's the difference between the white belt, the blue belt, leader. The blue belt leader is like, okay, I see the immediate solution that I could do, but I see that after effects are worse, so I'm going to plan B. Yeah. Through reasoning and critical thinking, Marines explore question and understand the key factors affecting the situation which then enables Marines to develop better courses of action. And again, the more experience you have doing this, the quicker you'll be able to recognize the patterns of these things and you're sitting at think is, you know, from a leadership perspective, you know, you and I and rest of the guys in Estolome front working with companies, it's a classic example of, well, hey, we've got this problem here's how I'm going to solve it. And we all look at that problem ago. Okay, I see what you're saying. And I see that that seems like the direct, most direct efficient way to solve this problem. Here's the nine after effects that are going to make this just a complete gut check. Yeah, because you're not thinking through, you know, you, well, as a white belt leader, you're not seeing this or as an emotional leader or whatever. It's skipping ahead a little bit, quickly recognizing and addressing potential problems enables Marines to better deal with disruption and respond to changes in the enemy situation. Again, pattern recognition, responding to those problems, the future battle space will contain increasingly difficult problems that do not necessarily have a right answer. Therefore, Marines skills to observe objectively, reasonably, reasonably, and take decisive action and then adjust as needed remain key elements of success. I mean, that's that's right out of what you talk about the inter-v decision making. And it's, it's not just action. It's still decisive action, default to aggressive action, but just far enough for you to figure out and get the feedback of, do I need to keep going, do I need maneuver, do I need to back up? And the connection of those two, which is decisive action, and then adjust as needed. That, that is the connection that is so hard that people don't, don't make some times. Get that feedback loop going. Get that feedback. I like the, I'm not right answer. I remember hearing about the German war problems, war game problems that the only solution that would work or the only options that would work were not, you know, you were told not to do. So, hey, don't go past this limit of advance. The only way you're going to get out, this is go past that limit of advance. So, they're trying to get the Germans who have a propensity to follow rules. And so, they're trying to get them, hey, here's the rule. We, in order to get this done, you're going to need to break this rule. What are you going to do? But they don't tell them that. They just watch them and they just see them said the limit of advance and get killed in the scenario. The mind as a weapon. The philosophy of maneuver warfare guides much of what Marines do. And that right there is like, let's just have a podcast about that. In fact, I guess we do have a podcast about that, this podcast. So, the philosophy of maneuver warfare guides much of what Marines do. It is their way of thinking about and preparing for war with the intended purpose of taking decisive action against the enemy at the least cost themselves. By the way, this is maneuver warfare is the reason I kind of, as a younger leader in the teams, the reason I started to grasp onto it and understand it was because of judici. Because what's judici is, it's maneuver warfare. That's all it is. It's maneuver warfare. It's decisive action against the enemy with the least cost to yourself. That's what you're just who is. Marine study and apply maneuver warfare in order to better exploit advantages and multiple domains and create rapidly unfolding situations in the battle that overwhelm the enemy. maneuver warfare requires that Marines develop that to, oh, by the way, also that what I just read judici is to, right, create rapidly unfolding end situations that overwhelm the enemy like, oh, I'm across, oh, I'm moving here. I, I, I, I, I did your call. Minuver warfare requires that Marines develop the temperant to preserve, persevere amidst uncertainty and the mental agility to succeed in fluid and chaotic situations. Additionally, it requires being able to understand the dynamic and complex situation from multiple perspectives to determine how to exploit an advantage. Decentralized execution within the commanders intent is central to maneuver warfare. This requires that each Marine understand the situation and execute actions to support and achieve that intent. So, Decentralized command. That's why, regardless of technology and equipment, Marines are ready to fight and win. Therefore, it is essential that Marines develop and maintain an intellectual edge over any enemy by developing their minds. Just as they would prepare any other weapon system for battle. This intellectual edge must come from self-discipline study and deliberate practice as Marines to build competencies in the profession of arms as individuals, teams, units and magtafs. Once again, they're, they're, they're talking about self-discipline, they're kind of highlighting that that's what we're talking about. The last part, I think it's the last part of this section. Continuous learners developing the mind as a weapon is a career-long process. Marines are continuous learners. They pursue mastery in the profession of arms recognizing that the achievement of mastery is a journey not a destination. As adult learners, Marines recognize that they are responsible for their own learning, outcomes, actions, and decisions. As adult learners, Marines need to know why content is relevant during both training and educational activities. Marines perceive learning as a progression of goals to build competencies not a single discrete goal. Hence the analogy of the armbar in one room, the triangle and the other room. No, it's all together. It's not a single goal. It's all together. Therefore, Marines benefit most from information and learning activities presented in the context of real-life situations or task-specific problems. To become better warfighters, Marines continuously gather information and engage in activities that test their assumptions, develop new knowledge, increase critical thinking and reasoning, and build deeper understanding. Instead of simply asking what happened in a battle, Marines should always ask and seek to better understand why the events happened and consequently what to apply for for future situations. Marines must learn about a broad range of topics and skills through professional reading, experience, experience, learning, and deliberate practice. Marines must also approach each event and interaction as a learning opportunity. There is no, there is always something to learn even if that's something is what not to do in the future. As continuous learners, Marines actively seek apply and share lessons learned to develop themselves and other Marines in the profession of arms. It's interesting that in the in the EQH book, in the evaluation in the code, we've got this whole section on improving your mental capability and how that's so important. That's the same thing that the Marines are saying here, conclusion to this first section, they say, Marines adapt to every tool that they have weapons, equipment, and their minds to succeed in winning every climb in place. Marines must develop and demonstrate brilliance in the basic fundamental skills combined with the mental agility to adapt to whatever situation they face. Say that again, Marines must develop and demonstrate brilliance in the basic fundamental skills combined with the mental agility to adapt to whatever situation they face. So different from that stereotypical vision of a Marine that you are just going to obey orders, do as you're told. Follow orders or people die. Oh there you go, a few good men. Speaking of quotes. All right, so that wraps up the first chapter. Right now, I'm assessing that we're only going to make it through two chapters of this thing. So we'll do one more chapter right now and then we'll save the next one for the next podcast. Chapter two, the culture of learning starts off with the quote, humility and gender is learning because it beats back the arrogance that puts blinders on. It leaves you open for truth to reveal themselves. You don't stand in your own way. Do you know how you can tell when someone is truly humble? I believe there's one simple test because they consistently observe and listen the humble improve. Because they consistently observe and listen the humble improve. They don't assume I know the way. And who's that a quote from? Winton Morsealis. Jazz musician, trumpet player. Interesting, right? It's history that the United States Marine courts are a trumpet jazz playing musician, but his quote on humility is, it's interesting. If we hadn't written extreme ownership with a chapter called Czechy Rigo and stay humble, it's like, I'd be thinking about doing that right now. There are no secrets to success. There's a result of preparation, hard work and learning from failure. That's Colin Powell. And thanks to my reading, I have never been caught flat-footed by any situation, never at a loss for how any problem has been addressed successfully or unsuccessfully before. It doesn't give me all the answers, but it lights what is often a dark path ahead, and that is general matters. So ideas and methods can have more significant impact on warfighting than weapon systems, technology or organizational structures. This speaking of music, right? The guitar, the guitar technology that you have, the music school that you went through, none of that can compare to like good ideas. This is an underrated, an underrated grid, thought that I have. I always talk about this. I say listen, you can go to a guitar center and you can put a sign up and you can say, hey, if you can play these songs, you can pick most technical songs you know. Most underrated analogy, you can pick the most technical songs you'd say, if you can play these songs, contact me immediately. I'll give you whatever, I'll put you on this record. And you'll get hundreds of people that will be like, I can play all those songs, no for no, I got them. But all those people can't make a hit song. Because they don't have the creative, they don't have the ideas in their head. So they're saying the same thing here, no, no matter what your guitar is, no matter what technology you have, your ideas can have more significant impact on warfighting than any of those things. So the Marine Corps, learning culture, fosters the attributes that every Marine needs to pursue, such as adaptability, creativity, critical thinking, active listening and bias for action. You know, there's some, there's some horses that get beat real hard in this book. Like they get beat. One of them is bias for action. You gotta remember, we're not covered in the whole book right now. I mean, I'm skipping chunks and bias for actions all throughout this book. What did I call that? Next-stream ownership? Default the aggressive. That's got to be your default mode. Organizational culture. The Marine Corps culture values action. Again, there's that horse getting another crack in the jaw. Responsibility, ownership, adaptability and problem solving. Therefore, the Marines learning process and culture develop and exercise these values. Oh, and I've got a little note here. And this is just like the way that the Marines roll. So listen to this sentence. Listen to these two sentences. The Marine Corps culture values action, responsibility, adaptability and problem solving. Therefore, Marines learning processes and culture develop and exercise these values. What's cool about the Marine Corps is they're not saying this is what the Marine Corps should aspire to or this is what the Marine Corps should do. They say there was the Marine Corps does. Like it's not even it's not even a question. That's what the Marine Corps does. The Marine Corps hierarchical command structure and process may at times be perceived as an obstacle to adaptability and learning. Although both are essential for the proper exercise of command and control, Marines must ensure that they do not set conditions for unintended negative effects on learning that could negatively impact war fighting such as discouraging Marines initiative feedback or problem solving. Huge, huge. What happens when the dichotomy of chain of command goes too far? Now we have people that aren't giving feedback anymore. So we need to make sure it doesn't set those conditions. Again, it's important that we think about learning. We're thinking about it from the perspective of learning what the enemy is doing and it's how I'm going to defeat the enemy. It's not like it affects not like negative effect on learning the proper technique for cleaning this weapon. We're talking about learning how to beat the enemy actively while that fight is happening. Skip and handle a little bit. Leaders at all levels are charged with creating an environment where continuous learning becomes the standard. Leaders serve as positive examples of a disciplined approach to learning while also providing their Marines with constructive feedback. Leaders of Marines must dedicate time and effort to learning and prioritize mental fitness as much as physical fitness. Dang. Dang. You know what? One of my next missions and I guess we're kind of what we might be on it. It's probably going on right now, right? But systematic learning. Again, it's kind of goes back like the idea of the thread. You should be able to just pick up and learn things in a cohesive manner. And there's, and I get that there's there's some part of learning things in a non cohesive manner that forces you to learn how to put them into a cohesive manner. So there's something to that and I get it. But you should be able to at least take different subjects and get them close enough to each other so that people can easily make those connections. And then maybe you learn how to spread those things about a part of a little further. So people have to think even more to get those connections to come. But we make it so hard to learn so many different subjects that we just don't connect. We don't bring any cohesion to. We don't act. We act as if science history, literature, poetry, art. We act as if they're these separate things. And they're not. And the better you understand each one of those things and then the better you understand how they fit together, the better you understand them all, and the better you understand them all, the better you understand human nature and people. The better you understand people, the better you can take all this, all the things that you deal with in life and put them into context and do something and shape the outcome of your life. So we need to prioritize mental fitness. And again, it's interesting. We wrote the code and evaluation in the protocols before this book came out. But we made number one, the number one thing you need to take care of as physical fitness and number two is mental fitness. And the reason we prioritize them like that is because if you don't have a body, you don't have a mind. I don't think anyone can argue with that. Continuing on, integrating learning activities into physical training events when Marines are both mentally and physically challenged, encourages deep learning and facilitates the recall of lessons learned during combat situations. Awesome. As part of the learning experience, leaders must foster an environment that appropriately tolerates mistakes, errors, and challenges to existing ideas. Challenging ideas and making mistakes are part of the learning process. Boom. Challenging ideas and making mistakes are part of the learning process. If you're not encouraging your subordinates to challenge your ideas, I mean, I love it when people challenge my ideas. It actually, I love it. I love it. And it's not because I want to, it's not because I have an opportunity to like beat them or show them that I know what's up. I like it because I know I'm going to learn something. I'll learn from their challenge. Their challenge is going to either break through my position and I'm going to realize that they're right or it's going to make me patch a hole in my position that was a vulnerability that now we can utilize this idea and it's going to be stronger. Challenging ideas in a respectful and constructive way contributes to improve learning for both subordinates and leaders. They threw that in there thankfully. Yeah. Yes. And in leadership strategy and tactics, I actually tell you how to save these words correctly because it's not easy. Yeah, like, I like to speak the truth. I'm a straight shooter. I'm going to come right at you and like, hey, let's just how I am. So I'm going to challenge you my boss in a way that totally undermines the relationship we have. And I just tell you how screwed up you are now wrong. And you're the problem because you won't listen to me. That's going to work out. That's not going to work out. That's right. Yeah. But I'm the guy that speaks the truth. You know, bosses who want to hear it. People don't like that. Yeah. Boss just doesn't want to hear it. You can't handle the truth. There we go in there. Leaders should permit ideas to be challenged in discussion and planning up to the point where the leader makes decision. Leaders should not automatically interpret a subordinate, challenging an idea or providing feedback as challenging their authority. Chitching. Yeah. So they cover it both. Nope. You need a challenge it in a respectful way. And oh, by the way, you need to listen to it as if it's not an attacking earth or a go. But I said in the leaders of strategy and tactics, people usually think their idea is the best idea. It's just, it's just kind of the way it is. Totally. And you know what? You can actually program yourself to not be that way. And I think I've done a pretty good job with that. Actually, I usually think like, okay, my idea is out there, but it's not necessarily right. And I'm, I want to hear other people's ideas. You can totally train to that. You can totally teach yourself to do that. And the thing that makes that easier over time is you actually start to win more. Oh, yeah. Life gets better. Like, oh, this was a really big, a big stretch from my ego to start to tolerate that. I'm like, oh, oh, my life is 100 times better now than it was. This isn't that hard. Hey, you got feedback from me? Dude, bring it on. Yeah. Because I bet you my life gets better if I listen to your feedback. The leaders authority gives him or her the responsibility to make decisions, but does not mean that the leaders have to develop all the ideas themselves. Leaders should try to do the intoxics. We're. By the way, yeah, whoever authored this thing, the legit, nicely done, I appreciate the appreciated. Subordinates need to be willing to admit mistakes, ask questions and seek corrective feedback. Naturally, a subordinate, a subordinates willingness to admit mistakes depends on the commanders willingness to tolerate them. And what's good about that, well, I would, you know, a little adjustment there are subordinates willingness to admit mistakes, but also a subordinates willingness to make mistakes or take risks that will result in mistakes depends on the commanders are willing to tolerate. So if you got a person that never tolerates any mistakes, guess what? No one's going to do anything for them. That's like one of the major criticisms of like the traditional educational process. That the low tolerance from mistakes. So like you take a quiz, it's probably different now. I don't know. I've been a long time since I've been high school, but you know when you take a test or a quiz, right? Say you have 10 questions, right? You get five of them wrong. That's a F. Straight up F. 50. Oh yeah. So let's say you have four quizzes through the course of the year. If you've got to F that, it factors into your final grade. No matter if you got those questions right later or not, you could learn 100% of the material perfectly, but if you've got to F on one of those quizzes, your grade might not be 100%. So if you make a mistake, even if you correct the mistake, you still do punish for it. Seems saying you could know the correct answer to the mistake that you made thoroughly through and through, you still get punished. I see your point. However, I think there's other things that are being trained, right? Like you need to prepare and study and be ready, right? Yeah. And life doesn't always give you a second third fourth chance to square yourself away from your 50. Yeah, but maybe that's what's high school is for, maybe not. But so I guess you're arguing. What I don't like about what I just said is that I'm clearly thinking of it from like a well, I actually don't, not that I don't like what I just said. Well, you could you could argue well, hey, Jocos, you just want people learning and studying for grades to get an A on a grade. And that's not that that's not what I want. But there is a fact of when you go to school, you're learning. Okay, I got to do certain things. I got to do certain things I don't want to do and I got to do them on time. Yeah. Those are important lessons to learn. Yeah, about life. Yeah. So what you're, unless you want to throw it at me that school is develops that we could break children mentally and train them to be factory workers, which is also true. That is one of the criticisms or the reason for that, you know, that whole, you know what I actually picked up on right now. It's nothing new, really. What you just did, you just responded to that. What I just said with extreme ownership, with extreme responsibility, you know, you're, I said, this is a major criticism of the school system and you essentially said in so many words, hey, don't blame the school system, you take responsibility for going to school. That's essentially what you said back to me. Interesting. That's a make what I said any last true. But you, you were like, okay, cool, you know, so what are you going to do about it kind of thing? Yeah, you better, you know, you better study hard, you better work hard, kind of thing. Seems like. Yeah, well, and that's the point that that's the point is what are we trying to do with school, right? Is it, there's a bunch of things that are going on with school. And maybe if we clarify those things more, you could understand because do you want the person to learn education, right? Do you want them to get smarter? Do you want them to get knowledge? Yes, do you want them to learn about how to live their life? Yes. And how do you balance those things correctly? I think not to go too deep into the school system or nothing like that. But I think that saying that or feeling that like, hey, it teaches you to do this and do this on top of like the math that I'm that you're learning in the class. I think that's sort of like a like a wiggly like not excuse, but it's like they'll just throw that in as like part of the school. I guess what it needs is a clear definition of the mission of the school. Yeah, clear definition of the school. And as a high school kid or whatever you go on the class in math class, what are we learning in math class? You tell me, what are we learning in math class? Math, right? I didn't know we're going to learn all these other life lessons that no one says by the way. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. So it's like okay, I did. So maybe if they clarify the mission and said, hey, this isn't isn't just about learning math. This is about learning how to operate with other people. This is learning about how to learn time management. It's one of the things you're about to learn. If you got told that, you probably be okay. I get it. That was part of the curriculum. Yeah. If you got told that because I don't know some people say that all the time, but then it's like, well, the rest of the stuff going on doesn't support what you're saying right now, but whatever. But yeah, if that was part of the curriculum, oh yeah, 100%. 100%. Check. All right. Back to the book. Marines will learn from their mistakes when they receive constructive, corrective feedback. By the way, I'll do a little additive to that statement. Marines will not learn from their mistakes if they are offended by that constructive, corrective feedback. The easiest hedge against the potential of some of your guys on your team in the Marine Corps anywhere else of having a problem with that is to actually take ownership of the mistakes they make. And I just wrote down like, hey, the ultimate form of tolerating other people's mistakes, which is really what this is about is you want to let your people make mistakes because that's actually good. It's learning. It's a way is to take response to the building for that is to when you're setting up the debrief, rather than go, hey, corporate willing. Here's 37 things you screwed up on this mission that we did as opposed to. Hey, let's talk about these things. Here's all the things that happen here. Here's all the things that I'm going to do differently next time to put you in a position to be successful. So he's actually not afraid. My boss thinks this was his mistake. So even inside this thing, this idea of, he said you tolerating your willingness to tolerate your subordinate's mistakes. Well, anybody who listens to this podcast should know that that actually shouldn't be that hard at this point because any mistake your subordinate's make is actually whose fault is that really? The machine gunners, I know we've used that example a thousand times. And if you want to breed the idea that making those mistakes is okay, there's a really easy formula to make in that happened and it'll just make them admit it more and actually come with better creative solutions to that. So they make them less over time. Yeah. And those are things, leadership strategy and tactics. I actually wrote down what to say and what not to say. Yeah. There's a person. I'm just saying this, say that. And by the way, one of the reasons that leadership strategy and tactics that I went down that road is because and I was saying this to a group the other day on EF online. And it's one of these things where it's here's the deal. I've been doing this for a long time. So when I tell someone, hey, what you need to do is take, you know, go in there and use a flanking maneuver and set them up with this and plant it an idea in your head and it'll be good. Then I have to be careful with that because I'm good at it. I'm good. I did it when I was at E5 with my particular matter. I did it when I was at the idea, I did it through the chain of things. I did it. I've done it a million times. So when some clients says, hey, how do I handle this person that is complaining, right? Or is objecting to the way we're doing things? How do I handle that? And I say, oh, you could do this. I have to say, and listen, you need to be tactful when you do it. You need to think about it from their perspective. Because sometimes people hear, oh, you need to go talk to them about it. Okay, got it. Boom, they're rolling into the office. Yeah, I need to talk to you about x, y and z. No, I didn't mean that. So that's why I like leader's strategy and tactics. Like here's how you actually say this. The machine gunner made a mistake. It's not, hey, echo, you shot outside of your field of fire. It's, hey, echo. I don't think I did a good job explaining what your field of fire was because you just got danger close to the other squad. That's my fault. You go, there you go. Boom. Next, a critical element of learning from mistakes is embracing an appropriate level of risk. Combat is inherently dangerous and risky. However, the greatest mistake in combat could be an unwillingness to act from a fear of risk or failure to adapt to the changing situation. So how do you get good at doing? How do you get good at figuring out what the appropriate level of risk is? It's by making mistakes. So if you don't make mistakes in training, when the time comes in combat and you're unwilling to even try anything, either out of fear or risk of failure or risk of getting yelled at or failure to adapt because you've never done it before. Like the time when you're a squad leader and you're like looking around and someone says, hey man, just go for it. You go for it. And you like things turn out, maybe they turn out okay, maybe they turn out bad. But either way, you go, okay, well, I kind of did it. And then you realize you know what, next time I do it, I need to do it a little bit faster, but I need to, I need to, you know, keep the squad more, more, more distance between each other. Okay, cool. You learn to do a little something. Now, next time you make an aggressive mood, you've got this little more dispersion in your squad and everyone stays alive and it's cool. Again, this is training. So that way, by the time you get in a point in combat where you need to take some initiative, you've done it before. You do not want anyone on your subordinate team to the first time they show a half to show any initiative is in a combat situation or isn't a business meeting or isn't a with a client. That's real. That's not the first time you want to see them take initiative. Have them take initiative and some control environments to kick it off. Continuing on. Therefore, Marines should only take reasonable rest during training and learn to adapt to the changing situation where the witches wanted to just say, all Marines regardless of position or rank must discuss what led to mistakes take corrective action and learn from them. You got a debrief. Learning from mistakes is key to Marines, learning to act decisively and effectively while taking prudent rescuers, everything I just said. There's a little section in here, which I've been skipping some of these sections, but I'm going to hit this one. This is a battle-bell award. Captain John W. Thomas and Juni who earned the Navy Cross during his service with first Battalion 5th Marines wrote about the fourth Marine Brigade and he says, Plotunes were formed and I'm skipping ahead of Little Bobbi says, Plotunes were formed in four waves. He goes into it talking about how they had maps and how they had a plan and how they were basically using what they had learned from the French. And so he says, Plotunes were formed in four waves, the attack formation taught by the French, a formation proved in trench warfare, where there was a short way to go and you calculated on losing the first three waves and getting the fourth one to the objective. That's what they got taught. Hey, you're going to take four waves of people, the first three, they're all going to die and the fourth one will get through. And then it says, after the first engagement, the Marines never used it again. It was a formation that's simply accepted casualties was not adapted for open warfare and left formations rushing across open ground incredibly vulnerable. It did not take the Marines long to learn better and to adapt their tactics and found it on sound basics learned during their training. There's anything else on that. I knew you were going to talk about that just because of how often you and I have talked about over one and you hit that over and over again of all the wars like that's the one you look at and I'm like, what was going on there? What was going on there from a leadership standpoint? And honestly, my favorite line is after the first engagement, the Marines never used it again. One time they looked around and like, we're not doing this anymore. And there's kind of a stunning piece on leadership of what was everybody else and they've been doing it for years when the Marines showed up. Anyway, I just knew that given how much we've talked about that comment, there was actually really important comment this they saw at once and they recognized right away. This is wrong and we need to adapt right now. You don't need to do this five, six, seven, eight, ten times to realize this is a bad, bad plan. Yeah, the, the, um, we now had Dean Ladd on, Taroa, right? And one of the things that he pointed out was when they were in, I think New Zealand. So in between, in between, Island storming in the Pacific, they were saying that, you know, one thing that they noticed about the Japanese was that the Japanese didn't adapt. They didn't change anything. They would do the same thing like not only from a, not only from a tactical perspective like, oh, we're going to rush you. And if we don't get through today, we're going to rush you tomorrow from the same position. But not like that, but then and you could see some changes in the way they defended the islands. Like sometimes they've let the Marines come ashore and then they've kind of set them up and sometimes they wouldn't let them come ashore. So they would make these small changes. But for the most part, it was like, we knew what the Japanese were going to do and they weren't going to change how they were doing things. And you know, I was talking to Lave about it. Lave's like, yeah, now it's kind of hard to pass on lessons learned when everyone is dead. Which is what was going on with the Japanese, right? Oh, you wanted to defend this island? Cool. Well, you know, lessons are getting to the next island, none of them, because you're all dead. You know, we, the only people that survive are 14 Korean slaves that two survives, everyone else dies. Yeah. But the fact that in this situation, yeah, and that is absolutely, you know, World War I just sickens me totally. And you know, all war is awful, but that war and the leadership in that war, to just Roger that. Yep, Roger that. Roger that. Roger that. Roger that. All right. Section here, areas of responsibility. There are four functional areas of responsibility in the culture of learning as shown in the following figure. And there's the other little figure here and it's got some circles that the smallest circle is marine, meaning the individual marine. And then the instructor and then the commander or leader and then the marine core as an entire institution. So it goes like this. First is it is each individual's marine's responsibility to progress in his or her own self education and build a bias for intelligent action. There's that's incumbent upon every single marine is to learn everything that you can and build a bias for intelligent action. There, there's another whip on that horse. I think they're making it perfectly clear to every marine that what we want you to do is take action to and some smart go. It must be interesting to tell these young fire team leaders or these two commanders like get them together and I'd be like a two commander. Imagine if every one of your, you have eight fire teams. Imagine if each one of your fire teams was doing something smart in support of what you were trying to make happen. How hard would your job be? And you'd be like not hard. And I'd be like, yeah, check. I'd be like fire team leaders. You hear that? This guy wants you to do stuff. He wants you to make something happen. Make something happen. Do us all a favor and make something happen. I'm tired of watching you guys sit around trying to form a perimeter being directed by the task you to commander himself on how to form the perimeter for the love of God. Would you take up a security position? Second, within formal schools instructors should be selected based upon their potential to become effective teachers facilitators and mentors and it goes into some of that third leaders at all levels are responsible for setting the conditions within the unit for the subordinates professional military learning and development. In the teams those two are probably opposite like, I don't know what's opposite, but there's no doubt that in the seal teams the leader of a platoon, like the leader and the platoon commander and the platoon chief or the task unit commander and the task unit senior in the list of the adviser, they are way more responsible than some instructor that you had anywhere along the way. I don't know if it's I don't know if you could make that statement about the Marine Corps. I think there's that hierarchical component that I think just sits inside it and I think a lot of ways it's sort of this connection of that's something that's very easily digestible for the lowest level of a range of recognized where they fit in the big picture, but the bigger thing that's happening there is that that sort of comes full circle when the Marine Corps as an institution has this obligation facility that that goes back and affects the individual marine and that your individual role actually plays, we talk about this all the time, you can plan outside influence on the entire organization if you were doing something that's making you better, which is making your team better and then each role in leadership has an obligation to facilitate that and then it comes right back to the individual. Whenever I talk about training with a company, I was maybe you can help me with my own quote, but it's something along the lines of training is the solemn duty of the leaders inside of it. You know, it's not the responsibility of the trainers, it's not the responsibility of the instructors, it's not the responsibility of the schoolhouse. If you work for me, I'm responsible for making sure you're trained and I can use those assets however I see fit, but I'm responsible for it. Yeah. And then finally the Marine Corps as an institution demonstrates a focus and commitment to encouraging career long learning by continuously refining, learning methods and providing resources and opportunities for professional development. That's the way the Marine Corps rolls. Professional expectations next section, Marines are expected to have initiative self-discipline and motivation to actively engage in learning opportunities on their own. Wouldn't that be nice if that was a universal truth about humans? Right? If we just said humans are expected to have initiative self-discipline and motivation to actively engage in learning opportunities on their own. Marine's must take ownership of personal learning by creating specific professional goals. Again, the evaluation that we wrote. After assessing progress, Marines may adjust their goals so that they may, this is that they remain challenging. Conversely, if a Marine struggles to attain a goal by the data established, the goal may need to be adjusted to include additional in-term steps, feedback, or modified timeline. Establish and clear, short, mid and long-term goals enables the Marines to plan a clear path forward toward professional development. And again, this is sort of the reason why we put together the code and the evaluation and the protocols for everything that just got just written right there. Yeah, that paragraph to me was what's huge. I highlighted the whole thing. I wrote the word dude and underlined it. Dude, this is ridiculous. And then I wrote down, this is why we did that ranking scale and I'm not qualified human being. If you're doing this thing and it's easy, guess what? You need to ramp it up because there's no longer your baseline. This is too easy for you, so you need to make that more challenging. And if not, you get to go back. But you need initiative, self-discipline, motivation and ownership. These are all, these are all, these are all my concurrence with all these. I'm telling you, other way. I know, I don't know these guys, but I know who these guys are, I know who these guys are. Uh, skip ahead a little bit. Learning is also a process of professional growth. Marines demonstrate motivation of professionalism by cultivating a growth mindset. Individuals with a growth mindset believe that effort and learning can change ones qualities, leading to development and success. Marines with a growth mindset understand that they have control over their individual learning. And that the additional effort pays off developing, in developing the knowledge and skills to improve. Conversely, individuals with the fixed mindset believe that their qualities are innate. And our interest in feedback only to confirm their abilities of avoiding feedback that indicates any perceived weaknesses. Avoiding feedback and having a fixed mindset leads to stagnation. And they wrap this chapter up. I mean, we could talk about intrinsic motivation is driven by perceived internal rewards. That is, one is driven to engage in a behavior because it is satisfying. Leaders can cultivate this type of motivation within Marines by supporting the growth mindset and individual Marines can sustain it throughout their careers. In this way, the Marine Corps culture of learning encourages commanders, leaders and structures teams and individuals to all support intrinsic motivation for learning in self improvement. The conclusion is they say the Marine Corps culture supports continuous career long learning. All Marines can facilitate learning. As Marines develop in their careers, the responsibility to facilitate learning also increases. Marine Corps culture embraces learning as fundamental to marine readiness to be the first to fight. Learning is essential to any present profession, but it is particularly important to the Marines' profession of arms with a cost of not learning. The cost of not learning are so steep. So that's chapter two. We're two hours deep right now in an order to not make a five-hour podcast. We will save the next four of the next podcast. So I guess echo Charles. Since we are going to try to continue to learn, continue to make continuous improvement. I don't know if there's any way that anything that you recommend we learn, perhaps? Sure. That could move us in the right direction. I recommend that we learn Jujitsu. One of the many recommendations. That we're coming. We stand the path. This is a real general way of putting it. So we're going to learn Jujitsu. We're going to stay in shape if not get in shape. We're going to stay functional and healthy. Functional, maybe that's a played out. Not played out, but that's maybe an overused word. We're going to say capable. How about that? Dave Burke. Good. I'm good at functional. I like capable. I like capable. Yeah. If you like capable, why did you say functional and then like deride it and then now you're calling it capable? I'm putting a what he called a fine point on it, like sharpening it. Like functional is like sure. Yes, functional. But let me get more specific capable. Okay. Even though that's pretty general. But to do these things, we're going to need what we're going to want certain tools. Okay. So for Jujitsu, we need a G. Rashcard. Boom. Where do we get the G. I think we are not all know, Basky in the world. Factually origin. Origin main.com. This is where you can look at all this stuff. Now, can we get G. Is it origin? Write this moment on in April 2020. Yeah. Can we? There are some G's still a bit. Look, we've done a little. We've had to make some adjustments to what we're doing in Maine because America needed certain items to get through the COVID-19 pandemic. So we had to adjust, make some adjustments and start making face coverings, which we are doing at a rapid pace, probably between 5 and 7,000 a day. The demand signal is very high. And so we are trying to get America what they need on those and look, they're not N95 masks, but at which we don't have the capability of making, which is why we weren't making any masks. But when the government and the CDC recommended face coverings for everyone, we started making face coverings. So that's what we're doing right now. As soon as we push through this, and as soon as really as other manufacturers pick up the slack, because we were able to move very quickly because we have the entire supply chain right there. We have the skills and capability. Okay, the ability all day. You know, we got crafts people up there that can go, oh, you want me to sew that cool. We can make that happen. Pete can design it. Okay, done. Pattern makers can make the patterns. Like we can get it done. And that went, the original death masks was Friday. We're talking about Monday. They're getting produced. There's not I don't think there's any businesses in the world that could do what Orange and just did right there. I'm going to say that again, on Friday, we're making rashguards on Monday morning full production of face coverings. So hey, look, but as soon as just as we pivoted quickly into that, as soon as some other manufacturers get caught up and people and the demand gets met will be right back to doing what we do and what we do, which is make stuff make a peril. So, just to a peril rashguards, keys, jeans, t-shirts, boots will be right back on all that stuff. So, you know, just be on standby. Yeah, good stuff for that. Again, OriginMain.com. Also at Origin, Jockel fuel. So, this will keep us capable. Keep us in the game. Look after our joints when we're lifting. It's a big deal. So, I'm saying. So, joint warfare, super-cryl oil. Samantha, oxygen to them, by the way. Also, Malk additional protein, protein, supplement. Are you showing the strawberry malk train? Yes. Really? Yes. How much do you have one a day? One a day. Okay. Sometimes, too. On some rare occasion, I will have a- How many scoops per per day? I'm a one scoop milk shaken in the bottle. Yeah. I don't do any other weird stuff for things. But there are times and I'm not going to waddy it. I've got a little extra time with my wife. Maybe watching TV a little bit on a Saturday night more than I have in the past because of what's going on. And I need a little- You know what? I need straight up made dessert. And I would just go back to the maltrain. So, that's my dessert. Saturday nights. I've had maybe a little extra these days. But during the day, do SOP for me is like, I will do malk. And what discipline in the can is your preferred flavor? Discipline in the can, deck savage with that question. Not the other two are fine, but given the choice, and I'm lucky enough to be one of those people that I have a choice. I have options. Decode on my request to deck savage. Just my thing. Interesting. How often do you drink one of those? One a day. What time? Usually, just a little bit after lunch. So, another thing is, I'm sitting in my desk longer during the day than I ever really have because usually, several days a week, I'm traveling. I'm going to hotel. I'm with client, I'm on a plane. And now I'm like, up in the morning, work out, get ready. And I sit down on my desk. And sometimes I'm sitting, literally sitting in my desk sometimes like 6, 7, 8 hours straight. Which I have, I typically don't do. Not normal. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no. We're on one webinars, one podcasts. We're in the game, and I'm at my computer at that chair. And these, I say, ready to deploy, ready to drink cans. There's a deck savage. I get up, lunch, come upstairs. I don't usually eat a lunch. I don't really have a meal for lunch. I will have a deck savage shortly after lunch time. What do you feel when you, when you, once you've digested it, what do you feel? I feel good. What it really does for me is if I don't take it, I catch myself like, not, I catch myself mid early afternoon, wanting to not do what I'm doing. Now, a little breather, they're on a take a look. I'm going to push away and I'm like, nope, I'm not, I do not have time to do that. I take that, it's kind of almost like science at this point. I take that little hitter, and I'm in the game, and I can push through whatever that normally would be. The, hey, want you step away and kind of get some fresh air. I like, yeah, I'd love to. I would love to go do that. They're the football with my kids. And I try to do that sometimes. But right now, dude, April 20th, 2020, dude, we are grinding. Like, we are grinding at our, at our desk. That's what we're doing. This is the key. Yeah, I know to say, I will. So I'll get up. I'll have, I'll work out. I'll left. I'll have a handful of macadamia nuts or something. So now it's, you know, eight o'clock nine o'clock in the morning. So when I start feeling a little hunger, and, you know, now when I'm sitting through my morning calls, whatever, talking to clients, I'm on the, I'm on the, um, just discipline powder, right, jockel Palmer. I'm just, I'm just kind of sipping. That's just kind of going through. It's just kind of, shhh, getting on step. And then, like, same thing around lunchtime. And usually, you know, whatever, I'll have a little gap in them. Like, okay, I got, I got an hour here. I got two hours here, and I'll go. I'm going to write, you know, I'm writing a book right now. So I'll be like, cool, but, but probably, as I know, I see that window approaching. Same thing, I'll be like, well, maybe it'd be a good time to check social media, or maybe be a good time to just turn my brain off. And you can feel that gravitational pull, right? So I go, oh, you know what? Crack it open 20 minutes, whatever, 30 minutes prior. Drink it. And what's cool is, I, it just happens that I get down a start hammering. And then a little while, I'm like, oh, what does have it? Because you get that little little little heater. So we got that. By the way, that's discipline go in a can discipline go or discipline powder form. That was the original. Yeah. And the jockel Palmer. Did I win away from powder when the cans came out? And when jockel Palmer came out, I went back to the back. Yeah, I stayed with the powder for a long time. Still going powder all day, every day. All day, every day. That's it. That's what I, I just stop. I, I won't have any discipline go in the can after two o'clock in the afternoon, three o'clock in the afternoon. Because then I'll just be, I'll be able to sleep, you know, so little cautious about that. Very true. Also, where your kid moke as well. Um, supplemental, dessert like protein. That's right. A lot of kids at home all day right now. Yes. They want a little bit of that. They want something that tastes good. Just get them some of that warrior kid moke. They think you're hooking them up. You are in a way. And you are in many ways from a taste perspective. You can get this stuff at vitamin chop too. Some of the vitamin chops if they're open. They got the full lineup. Um, cold war man. I talked about it last time. I'm on the cold war. You're on the cold war train. I'm on the cold war tank. Is that what you're in the tank? You're in cold war tank. You got armor. The tank of immune armor system. That, that cold war is in my repertoire. That's wake up in the morning. How many take in the morning? I take two in the morning, too. What are you doing? I take two in the morning. And that's all I take. Oh, I wonder if I need to take a floor. I don't know. You're looking kind of light. I don't know. I feel pretty good. I'm kind of exposed. No, no, no, no, no. Cold war's cold war's in the game right now. Yeah. Yeah. So all these things, origin, main.com. Also, jokboitavit on there. That's some good stuff. Surflight organic, too. Yeah, that's neat. For the organic folks. That's the refreshing. Yeah, just refreshing. Oh, yeah. Also, jokboit's a store. It's called jokbo store. So you go to jokbostore.com and this is where we can get our representative apparel when we're representing on the path while we're learning. It's what I'm saying. Well, we're improving ourselves. So we're saying learning. In quarantine or not. See, we have a new shirt. It's not that new, but we have a shirt. If you want to represent while on the path in quarantine, represent the quarantine scenario. That's what we've been doing. We're wearing levels of approval from jokbo on this one. It's a controversial shirt is what it is. Sometimes decentralized command, you know, sometimes it goes too far. People start doing things below the chain of command. They're not running their approval and things are just happening. Okay, prove things are happening. Oh, yeah. So I'm below the chain. Yes. You're up the chain. Yes. I run it up. Yes. And what happens? You want to tell the story. You're doing this. I don't think what you described this is echoed happen. This was a flat out that night. This is like a rejection of a plan. I'm like, we're doing it anyway. Yeah. Yeah. I was thinking maybe I wasn't clear enough. Apparently. No. I mean, I reread the text. I'm like, no, it doesn't get any more clear than that. Well, in this case, the people are essentially what you call that when you kind of, when you you don't overthrow them, but you assume it's saying, you know, one like the one government officials like, and then the people are like, well, you know, I don't know if we accept that, when we like it, you know, so the people. So there's a really really lovely view. And you know, we're going to go to the community run by echoed Charles. We moved forward and took smart action as it were. Anyway, go to jockelstar.com, look for the quarantine. Sure. If you like it, go ahead and get it. Represent. Represent. Well, you're doing our social distancing, stopping this whole thing. You seem saying, because really that's what it is. You understand? Also this is many because freedom on there as well. T-shirt. This is basically, it didn't deco, this may go through some flags in the little box. Yes. Oh, yeah. The two or your kid flags in the box or your kid deck of cards with the little workouts they can do while they're in quarantine or not. We call that PE. Yes. PE. Yes. For the education. It's a game too. By the way, so it's like way more fun. Then doing shuttle runs all day. You know, somebody's on there, uh, some hats, some good stuff. Anyway, go on there if you like something. Get something. Jockel store.com. Also. Subscribe to this podcast if you haven't already. Very important. Kind of important. How about this? If you want to subscribe, subscribe. If you don't want to subscribe, don't subscribe. More. Here's what's more important than that. We got some other podcasts. One podcast is called the thread. It is about history and the world and how everything ties together in the world. That's with Darrell Cooper of Margar made. We got the grounded podcast, which is about Jiu Jitsu. We got Warrior Kid podcast, which is for your warrior kids. We got some warrior kids. Soap at a Irish Oaks Ranch.com young Aiden building an empire. Do good work. Very good work. Making soaps so that people can and stay clean. It's true. Also, you too. Yeah, we do have a YouTube channel. Yeah, we do. Which I call it's quite proud of. It's good channel. Yeah, he thinks it's good. It's far as channels go. He makes videos where things explode. We make videos. Yeah. He makes videos where things explode. Sometimes way too many things explode. Sometimes too little. Sometimes a message could be perfectly clear. But it just seems to be need to be accented with explosions and fires. Sometimes. Yeah. Yeah. So YouTube channel. Also, you can watch this whole podcast on there. And enhance the videos. We also have psychological warfare, which is a little psychological hitter if you need it to go into your ears. We have flipside canvas, which is a visual hitters for your eyes. Flipsidecampus.com. We also have some books. We got a book called The Code. The evaluation and the protocols. That book is available right now. It was on the last podcast. Something to guide you through life. We have leadership strategy and tactics. We have way of the warrior kid one, two, and three. We have Mikey in the dragons. We have discipline. We're free to field manual. We have extreme ownership and we have the economy of leadership. Check out any and all of those books. They're all linked. By the way, they're linked on jocoponcast.com. So you can get them delivered. We have echelon front leadership consultancy, which is what Dave talked about earlier. You want to know what we're doing all day right now. That's what we're doing. We are talking to our clients. 20, 30, 40 people in a meeting. Four people in a meeting, one person in a meeting face to face. Is it legal? Dave Burke to say, I was on a zoom meeting with a client face to face. Yes. Because it's almost more face to face than when you're face to face. You're actually closer than normally would be where they'd be 30 feet away, sitting in some sort of classroom type scenario. Right. You are face to face and you are live. So we have adjusted our methodology at echelon front where we no longer will we will eventually go back and work face to face literally. But right now we are finding that the impact of this online virtual training is awesome. It allows us to have more interactions, closer interactions, more continuous interactions with the client. So if you need help in your business, aligning your leadership, go to echelon front.com for details. We also have EF online speaking of revamping. Look for a long time EF online was a static, but a static courses that you could go on there and take and they were static. They were they were interactive and you would run through scenarios. But it was pre-existing classes. So we've blown this thing wide open. We got live video webinars. We got Q&A is going on. We got immediate action drills on there. I got leadership primers. Just totally revamp that we also changed the whole pricing structure. They used to be like you're going to pay to take a class almost like you were going to college for a semester and you're going to learn these things. Now it's like, oh way cheaper subscription model or you can pay it once, but it's like boom come in and you're part of the gang and you're interacting with me. You're interacting with Dave. You're interacting with JP Lave. Mike's really the whole crew. That's what we're doing. We're on there. Some of you know Jason Gardner. You've heard Jason Gardner on the podcast. You want to talk to him? Cool. Go to EF online. You'll talk to him. You will talk to him as as Dave just said you'll be five inches away from his face. So that's what we're doing there. EF online.com. Check that out. We've got the musters, the Orlando muster was canceled. Phoenix. This is our leadership seminar in leadership event. Orlando is canceled. We got Phoenix in September 16th and 17th. We got Dallas, December 3rd and 4th. Check Extreme Ownership.com. Everything that we've done is sold out. We were going to do three now we're only doing two. So they're going to sell it even quicker. A bunch of people are already going and move their reservations. So if you want to come and extreme ownership.com for that. And then there's EF Overwatch where we take executive leadership from the military and place them into the civilian sector and then EF Legion.com. These are frontline leaders that are being placed into civilian companies. If you're and let me tell you if you're a vet right now there's a lot of companies that are out there hiring go to eFleagent.com and just enter yourself in there. So you get looked at. So people can see that you're available for employment. We got to hide demands signal from our companies that we work with that are reaching out looking for squared away veterans that understand the principles we talk about to go to eFleagent.com and enroll yourself. And if you haven't had enough of my tyrannical utterances or echoes delirious theories or Dave's over articulated speeches, then you can locate us on the inner webs on Twitter on Instagram and on Dine Freezy Bond. Dave is that David Arbork. I always add echo Charles and I am at Jocko willing to all you out there in uniform serving now or if you've ever served in the Army, Navy, Air Force or of course the Marine Corps. We salute you and your service and sacrifice for freedom and to the police law enforcement firefighters, paramedics, EMTs, dispatchers, correctional officers, border patrol and secret service. All you first responders thank you for your service here at home, taking care of us and to the doctors, nurses and medical personnel that are in the fight right now, battling against disease and despair. Thank you for your brave hearts and your benevolent hearts. And to everyone else out there, just remember what the Marine Corps teaches us that combat is a combination of fear, uncertainty, ambiguity, chance, horror and friction and life is much the same. Continuous learning is essential because it allows you to recognize, change, adapt to it and make decisions that lead to victory and failing to learn simply means failing. To win, you have to learn, so read, study, get experience, listen and live with a bias toward action. And be mind that is desperate to learn. And then, well, go out there and get after it. And until next time, this is Dave, Henako and Jocco.