 This is jocopondcast number 212 with me jocowooiling. The path of jujitsu is hard. It is a hard path. You have ups and downs. And there are times when you've got to work and there are times when you get injured and there are times when you get mentally defeated. And you feel like you don't want to do it anymore. And those days go on and on and on. But if you do the right thing and you stay on the path over time, you will move forward on that path. You will move forward on that path. If you keep your nose to the grindstone. You move forward on that path. If you have the humility to say, you know what? I still have more to learn. And that's the same way it works with life. You're going to have ups and downs in life. Things are going to go wrong. You're going to lose businesses. You're going to lose jobs. You're going to break up. Things are going to go wrong. And what you need to do is to keep moving forward. No matter what happens, keep moving forward. And you're just who is representative of life. If you stay humble and you stay on that path, you will end up achieving your goal. That will happen. And it did happen. It happened to my friend here, echo Charles, and those are the words that I said in August when he received the black belt. The black belt. It always referred to the black belt. If there's only one in the world, the black belt. He received the black belt in GJ2. And it was not an easy path. And there was much learned along the way, not just about GJ2, but about life. And so I told echo at that time, at some point, we would discuss that journey on the podcast. So here we are. Good evening echo. Good evening. So we did, I did immediately say, well, probably not immediately, but a few hours after you got your black belt. And it was a lot. We were a lot of people talking, you know, we're at origin camp. We were all talking about everyone getting their black belts. You get your black belt. What it's like to get your black belt. All the things that you'd been through. And I said, you know what, we just got it. This is what we'll do. We need to do a podcast about this because it's a journey. Yeah. And you know what's interesting too. I was thinking about this. Our last guest, Joel Strothers. When he came in and we before we started recording, he was, he was very humbled to be here. He's like, man, it's like, yeah, kind of feel. You know, here we are. We haven't these guys that were from sod that were Vietnam. The Vietnam Medal of Honor recipients. I mean, just really just a steamed guests on the podcast. And Joel's kind of like, you know, he's a humble guy. And what I realized is, I said, well, you know, I'm thinking of myself. I'm still going to learn from you. You know, I'm looking at Joel. I mean, he did some really cool stuff. Had a good six years in the French foreign legion. Learn some cool lessons. I want to learn those lessons too. So when I talk to you, like, I want to learn what you learned. I want to learn from you. And that's part of what makes me, keep trying get better. That's what makes me get better. I'm going to learn from everyone. You know, you hear someone say, you even learn something from a white belt. Yeah. You know, that's like I say, it's actually true. You hear, you hear a seal said, oh, you could still learn something from a new guy. It's not just to say it's true. Yeah. So with that, also some people have asked, you know, over the years, like, how did you and I meet? Yeah. So I think that's probably a good place to start because we did meet from Jiu-Jitsu. So how do we meet? Go. Well, in Jiu-Jitsu. Actually, I remember it probably earlier than you do. But you know, but when you say like how you can learn something from anyone, right? Like, oh, this, I think, I mean, you learning something from me or whatever. And I'll see it in your face every once in a while when I'll say something. It's almost like you're kind of computing and calculating like my interpretation of a certain event or incident. Versus your interpretation of it. So it's kind of like, oh, it's almost like something's clicking in your eye. Like, think, okay. So that's what you saw during this, you know, like so you can almost kind of kind of formulate how you come off a little bit more accurately, you know, how you impress on. To like the world. Absolutely, getting feedback from someone on how they interpret what you're saying is absolutely. Yeah. Because you could be like, oh, yeah, like, I'm, I said that so well, you know, like, I was so clear. So like it even sounded dope the way I said it, you know. And then they're like, yeah, you, you know, you sound like an arrogant when you said anything. You know, like, yeah, it's more accurate. Yes, yeah, a little one that was off, you know, over shot the target, under shot the target. If you don't communicate with the target, you don't know. Yes. Yeah. So all right. So yeah, so we met when I first met you was I was a white belt at the boxing club. Mm-hmm. He was like, I remember this zero. Yeah. I remember meeting you and I'm literally thinking of like the look in your eye, thinking like you will not remember this. Yeah. But I knew of you. I seen you before over at over at a number kid. So Dean Lister opened a little spot. It was half of a marsh of a karate gym. So he kind of, I don't know if he just was an easy. Yes. Yeah. And he had half of it. He put this big curtain. Yeah. It's like the karate class in our class. So I was, I went down there. That's where I joined. And I saw you there. And I had heard about you from like Dean and some interviews that he did or whatever. And then that's when I seen you. But I didn't talk to you or nothing like that. And there was like a weekend or something. And then you know how we would go there to the boxing club, which is a different gym. More of a gym or boxing gym with you, to an MMA. So we'd go from there to the boxing club there and walk, you know, we kind of be training at vote. Yeah. You were. I only trained at the place in East Lake like a probably 10 times because it was a far away. Yeah. You know, by far away, I mean like 35 minutes or something like that. But it's pretty far. Well, yeah. It's pretty hot. When you're at the boxing club, it was pretty close. Victory is a close fist. It's a good strategic. But nonetheless, when I first rode with you was at the boxing club when we were done with the South of the, the, the, the, the, the July vista place or East Lake place. And then yeah. So I rolled with you and you, you know, I won't wipe out at this time. And yeah, you can, you know beat me up whatever. And then I remember you did this move that you still, she, you'll still try to do this move to me. do this move to me? I don't remember it working any time recently, but it's where you kind of can't be doing this after. You've been me down inside my side control and you basically do a forum across the neck. Okay, yeah, yeah. Kind of scenario and if your head is facing a certain way, it's really hard to get out. Yes, you're right. So you did that to me. I think one, maybe two times just a real surprise move because no one thinks that they can get choked there. But you actually can't get choked there. You can tap out. I tap out people with that move. Yes. Yeah. And me as a white belt, I didn't know or I didn't have that preconceived notion that you can't get tapped out. I didn't even have that. I was brand new and so you did it and I was like, oh cool. And now in that at that point, I was like, I was one of these guys who asked a lot of questions. Like a lot of questions. Like anything I saw for the first time, I'm like, hey, how'd you do how'd you do? So I asked you, but you're still kind of like this, where when you meet someone like you don't, you don't, how should I say exchange pleasantries that much? Yeah, that's true. I, you know, I actually have more conscious of it now when I meet people like let's say, if I meet someone that's sort of like listens to the podcast, obviously like I'm cold on because there's some kind of connection. But for sure, never in my life, if I've been a person where I meet someone and I'm, you know, having some big open conversation with them, that's not really it's weird because because, you know, kind of what I do for a living now is basically talk and and I, not a big talker in, if I don't know people, yeah, but I don't know people, if I go to a party like I would go to like, let's say some kind of a whatever party with my wife and just not talk that. And not, not, not, not look, I'm not like standing in order of brooding at people in a jerk, but I'm not going to make a big connection with a lot of people right now if someone's got cauliflower here or something, you might open up a little square, yeah, but yeah, yeah, fully like you're not the guy who's, you know, in the corner telling all the story, not looking back for us is whatever, yeah, fully. And and back then you were like that as well. So even like even like when you make small talk nowadays, if you, if you kind of see someone and you're like, you're whatever, even your small talk is like, and I'm comparing this to knowing you know, for however long, you can, there's like huge disconnect, like a huge, and I don't mean in a bad way, it's just more like you're, you're doing it kind of in this almost like an official way, you know, where it's like you're not open kind of thing. And it may be me saying even talking about it makes it seem like a bigger deal than it is, but it's there big time. So back then, oh, it was there huge time. So you're like, over there, you're like, yeah, like this is blank look. Like, yeah, man, like good, you know, whatever, strong, whatever, you know, giving, doing the same, they're correct stuff. That's cool, but like, like a like a shark with Slack. I just got there. Just glad. That's funny because that's exactly how I feel. Yeah. And that's what I heard too. So that was like, and I, and I, I kind of just admit, sardge, you know, at that point. And he was sort of the same way, but it was your, your kind of different level in that regard. And so I was like, hey, how do you, what, what would you do there? Whatever. And you were like, well, it's just what you saw, you know, side mouth boom, put your arm right there and just choke you. There's no big revelation. It was like, all right, so I'm like cool, really. All right. And I didn't, I didn't get the impression that you like disliked me or nothing, which I probably would have if you were anybody else, but I knew that you were sort of like that. So whatever, jump, he's like apparently, you know, what I thought he was. And then that was sort of it. And I didn't like train with you or nothing like that. I, not that I remember anyway. And then, um, so this, this was for like 2005, 2006. Check. And I know, yeah, I don't know if you're gone, you know, overseas or whatever, I guess you were right. Yeah, well, I went overseas, probably after I met you because I deployed it in the summer of 2006, I left in like April for a body. Yeah. And then when did you come back and then came back and start training and start talking October or November of 2006. Six. Yeah. So the, when I remit the first like early memory of actually like seeing you again after that was, like well after Purple Belt. So I got purple belt in 2007. And I was like competing and stuff. And then you were there. And I was sort of kind of training with you whatever, not not that much. But yeah, I remember you being at the competition. Yeah. I remember coaching you some years. Yeah. Yeah. And then when you're, when you were actually coaching me like on like right before I got injured and stuff, like we were training a lot. I was training with you. And then, um, it was funny because you're like the same way. And this actually helped me out first. I was like, fuck, chocolate doesn't care about me that much, you know. But this is what I realized like pretty quick is like, it's not that you don't care about me. It's like certain things are not a big deal. Which we all think are a big deal like to be you. They're just not a big deal. So like that time when it was the same tournament as I hurt my arm the first time. And I got go go plot it. Remember? And here's the thing. When I was like when I was competing before that, like I never, ever since I went because you, okay. So no geek, it's not by belt. Back then it was not by belt. It was like, uh, if it was a big tournament, it was a novice beginner intermediate advance. That's how it went. And then if it's a smaller tournament, there's just beginner intermediate advance. So the when I started competing in advanced, like that's when I was sort of training with you. And at that point, like I was doing really good. I was training like a lot a lot, and I never, and I never lost. Never lost. I'll be until that day, right? That I hurt myself. So like a few matches before I hurt myself, I didn't get to say the genre Roberts by the way. So you know what genre Roberts is? He's like he ended up being a famous Gigi. You know? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, genre Roberts. That's how it's got it. So he, uh, I go against him and he go, he finishes me with a go go plot. Right. What's there? Yeah, my family's there. Everything, you know, they kind of expected me to win. Yeah, because it's a champion. Yeah, go. Champion of the family. Just got, and they can't tell what that was. Yeah. It's going to bother to is like a, I'm not going to say it's a, it's a, it's a move of humiliation to have done to you. But there is a level of it's a highlight on the humiliation scale. It's not in the middle. It's leaning towards the humiliating. Yeah, yeah, yeah, because there's a lot of things that have to happen. And yeah, well, you said a go go plot, right? Go go go. Yeah. So I would say this to evaluate a go go plot to if it's done to you. You were the, the, the, the, the, the buddy and of a highlight. Yeah, you are like pretty much under all circumstances. You know, once a, so, and meanwhile, genre orbretzes, a thinner, like more thin guy. So when we, when we face off, it's like, Oh, this guy's going to get smashed and Sean, oh, man. Yeah, and he told me got me with it. Like, probably textbook, like, it was, there was at no point in that match that I was like, get, you know, or nothing. He ran through me and, and tapped me out. Right. And then, so I'm like, Devastie, never lost in advanced competition. I'm like Devastie, my, you know, my family's there, whatever, my wife's like, well, we weren't married at the time, but she's like, oh, like, oh, man, are you like, okay, like, worried about how I'd handle it, but so I'm like, whatever. Like, I wasn't that like broken up about it, but it was something. It was like, alusha. And then, you're like across the arena, whatever, later, and he texts me, he goes, oh, you got caught with the go go. That's got a sting. Like, bro, my coach, my coach telling me this, you know, not like, hey, shake it off, you know, like, get back in there, nothing like that. What's strangely, that made me feel so much better when you did it, like, when you said that, you know, because I was like, man, it's a lot of big deal, man. There's not a bit, you know, like, we're in this arena, you know, it's like, we're in a Jiu-Jitsu, everyone's competing, and it's like, you know, it's so not a big deal at the end of the day, but it feels like a huge deal, you know. So I want to, I got to church, I was like, I mean, well, I see you across the thing, like on your phone or at our town, like, oh, this guy, but I'm like, whatever. So, um, yeah, that was kind of like how the whole deal was. I ended up getting hurt, my first by step, yeah, or whatever, and so I was out for a little bit, but yeah, when I came back, we'd train somewhere, too. But before you told your by step, because there was a time period where we were training hard all the time. That was this time period, right? Yes, yeah. Like, I always need an alternate training partner for Dean, because Dean's traveling or Dean's hurt or whatever, and as always, I have someone else, and it's some up and come or that's hungry that doesn't mind training hard and wants to train a lot. So, you know, you, and then Andy after Andy's who it is right now. Andy was way after though. Oh, yeah, Andy's way after, but I'm just saying like, at that time, you were training with me. Like, I remember we were, we'd go to other mats, we would train, you know, other mats in our gym, be like, oh, they're, they're just over there. Let's get there's more room. We'll go over here. Yeah. I remember actually when victory first, it was called throw down in heat, and we went, um, it wasn't even done yet. Yeah, we were in Australia. We were like, hey, let's go downstairs. Like, no one had ever touched these mats before. And that, and we rolled it whatever, and the mats were still like, weird slippery, because they still had the little, you know, layers of the mattress. The fact you're new, you son of a sudden. Yeah. And, you know, whatever, but I remember that's when you were like, you were saying, you know what a good feat. I forget your exact words, but it was like this, you know what what feeling is really, really good to have your own gym to train at. And every you want. I was like, I, I remember that specifically, but yes, yeah, that was, um, yeah, that was when I was competing. And yeah, training as much as possible. So, uh, then you hurt your arm, whatever. And then what, at what point did you start, because at this point, you were a bouncer, whatever, um, what point did you start making videos? Because it was pretty early on that you used decided that you were going to become a videoographer, make makeer, something. Uh, yeah. So we, I stopped being a bouncer and I started getting to web with my brother from scratch. I didn't know anything. So it's, you know, it's kind of like multimedia, you know, web development graphic design, that kind of stuff. I always was sort of into that in one where another's growing up. So it's a little kid where me and Jade, my brother were kind of standouts in that regard, like drawing. And in fact, I remember one time, Jade, he was in in sixth grade. We did, you know, how that you said poster contests. Yeah, I'm sure they still have it in some of them. Yeah, I'm sure they do. But you basically they give you a theme and then you call you draw in color up big poster. That, that's, you know, that follows that theme and Jade ended up winning it a national. Like, it goes by, up so you win and it's like, yeah, apparently it was about a drunk, a drunk driving, mad, these against drum driving. So, you know, you win this school. It was actually kind of dope. It was a car for the time. This is like, you know, sick literally six grade. A car crashing into a big can of beer. That was it. But the way he did it was good. You know, we're real good at drawing to at that time. So he wins the school. He wins the island of Koi that and then it wins like the state, you know, then all the winners of the state go into the national, which wins any freaking wins it. $1,000. Dang. So there's a lot of money. Oh yeah, trip to like New York and like all this stuff. So it was kind of a big deal just for a drive. So anyway, the point is like we, we, we, we were always into artistic and drawing stuff. So web design and graphic design was kind of like, okay, that was good. And then kind of through that, I don't know. So you know the ideal, you watch a movie, right? Or a movie is going to come out and you watch the trailer. Yeah. You're like dang. The trip. Look, it can't wait to watch that movie. Then you watch the movie and you're like, okay, cool, good movie, but man, the trailer was like way better. You know, got me way more fired up than like the movie, the movie, kind of was a laptop. So that whole idea that whole phenomenon like a really was interested in where like who made that trailer where he got the movie and chopped it up and got the cool parts and told almost like a little alternate story, you know. Like and not necessarily alternate, but remember what was it a specific trailer that came up, what was it? A bunch of them. So one of the ones that I always watch was Terminator Salvation and it has the I think, whenever you say a movie and then you give me this look of your waiting for me to give you a nod of like, oh yeah, I know that. I'm just giving you a straight register because I've seen Terminator 1 and 2. Yeah. And I don't know what's comes after that, but I'm apparently Salvation is known. Yeah, one of them. So Terminator 1, which, okay. So Terminator 1, Terminator 2, or the best, by far, like I'm pretty much factually the best one. Pretty much, it's not very much out for DB. But that's back in the day before trailers really kind of hit their stride as far as movie trailers go. So and there's Terminator 3 which is completely flopped by the way. Side note. So anyway, Terminator Forest Terminator Salvation, Christian Bale was in no one. Anyway, the trailer was like really well done in my opinion. And it had, I forget the group. I'm just trying to blank, but I think it might have been like nine inch nails or something like that where they did, they had the song called The Day, the whole world went away and built a day, you know, you know, into saying it for us, but we'll take the word for it. Anyway, they use that song in the trailer and then the way they did it, I was like, man, this is like, I want to live my life like this trailer feels or whatever. As far as like, you know, the videos I want to make. So there was that, there was like, Clash of the Titans, that was a good one, I thought, yeah, there's a bunch. Okay, so then you decided you're going to start making trailers. What was the first video that you got paid to make? But I got paid to make. Yes. Was with you, bro? And what was it? Was it throwdown or did we victory? Nope, not even that. Was it before that? Well, was it? So the first video I made ever was like on a cruise like, you know, now you can see him anywhere. Like you, you know, you basically take your camera and do the keys, chop it up, put it with music. But the first video that I made from money was with you for like some people. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, I made like a thing about the laws of combat. You filmed being sat there and talked about it. And then they instituted inside their organization for 18 months or something. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's the one that the sound was off. So the movie is not funny. Obviously, T's. So, so just let me fill in the listeners. This is like a probably a one hour video. Maybe maybe I don't know. 45 minute video. Yeah, yeah, it's a 45 minute video. I'm talking. I'm explaining the laws of combat. I'm talking about extreme ownership. I'm going through these things to the screen and the the audio is off by a half a second. So it looks like a weird old Chinese martial arts film with the voice double over. And so I say to echo, you know, like, hey, it seems like, you know, it seems like my voice doesn't match my mouth. And I'm saying it sort of as a question, but like term the first two terminators being the factually, this was a factual situation. Who was no debating? I was watching my lips move with no words coming out. And I'm like, this is not good. And you, you pushed back on me actually. That's what's really funny. That's that actually may be suspect of your whole existence. So your whole, because you were like, you would try and explain to me that that was somehow like your first one, you're telling me like, no, no, not really. I might watch the lips move. See how there's no words coming out? Wait, was that the time where you came over and we were watching it or where you texting me? I think if you came, I started off texting you like, hey, can you sync these things? And your response is we're like, well, it's not really that often. I'm like, what are you talking about? And so that I probably came to your house with a pistol and was like, okay, we're going to fix this. But you had a serious, there was a problem. So this is this is what how and how did you think that was okay? Okay, this is, okay, so this is three little elements to this whole equation that'll make it make sense. Okay, so, okay, so first off, I wasn't necessarily acting like this and I'm not saying I was trying to give the impression that I knew exactly what I was doing because come on, let's face, this is literally my first video that I've ever made that anyone's actually depending on me, right? So I'm like, all right, so yeah, I syncoped the audio, whatever, and I don't know how to syncop audio. No idea. So I'm just swinging it. So I syncoped the audio, what I thought was like synced up. Yeah. And so I'm going to take a half a second to get to. So editing it and just like I said, but I'm used the video, the one or two videos that I've ever made was like two minutes long. So editing a two minute video is like, okay, click, click, click, you edit it, but man, 45 minutes of editing your brain just a kind, you know, like, so he'll be off sync by a lot and your brain will kind of connect the dots. It's weird. Like, you ever watch a move, uh, no, I get it. Yeah. So my brain essentially connected it and was interpreting it as sunk up. So you're over here saying, hey, it's off sync. Look at this and I'm like, look at that, I'm looking at it. And then I'm doing all these weird mental experiments like to be like, okay, let me pause it right when he said, and it's all checking out in my brain. I get it. And that's what I was like, no, you're wrong, you're wrong, you're wrong. So finally you're like, bro, I'm like, I'm coming over and we're gonna get to the bottom of this. So I'm like, yeah, come, whatever. So you come and we're doing it. And you're like, me and you're just seeing two different things at this point. Because my brain is all wack to all jammed up. Because I remember like, we were, I was trying to meet it. We were trying to meet a deadline too. That's a thing. So I'll stain up like super late and I get much sleep. So so you come over, we're looking at it. We're seeing two different things until this one little part where you're like, you clapped. You did this. Yes. And then it was like, oh my gosh. So it's real clear when you clap and then the sound comes later. And you're like, yeah, look at that. And I'm like, it all came crashing down like, man, I'm completely wrong. But that was good because I could be like, okay, now I'm gonna sink the whole 45 minutes off of this one thing. You're saying, so that's, that's what happened there. Okay. So that was your first video near failure. Here's the thing about that first video too. That was like the beginning of Eshenalon front, essentially. Yeah, that was. Because when you think, okay, so I revisited that video like last year, just going through what year was that? You have to remember? I got 2010. Yeah. Yeah. So Eshenalon front wasn't officially formed yet. I think that was like right after your return. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Man, I looked at it so a year ago. I looked at bring up the video, looking over hard drives or whatever. I'd bring it up on, let me check this out. You're all young. So funny. So like you're all young looking and you're saying all Eshenalon front stuff. But super like early beginnings of it. Yeah. Some say, and I was like, comments, really interesting to watch. Now that like I know like all the content to whatever. It's funny. But yeah, that's what it was. Eshenalon front 1.0. Yes. That is it right out there. First one. And the second video was with you as well. That was the victory. The throw down was the victory. Yeah, it was victory. That was victory. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And which video was it? The outtakes from some of those videos are awesome. Yeah. Those those later on. It was just like there's one where the investors like monkeys giraffe squirrels. Yeah. That's how it cracks me. Yeah. But that I think that those the victory ones, that's how like people started to know around like here around 10 years ago that I did video because I did a series of them and that just kind of, we're like, I just tried to make them like kind of like move you trailer kind of dramatic and no one at that time was doing anything like that as far as like making videos for companies or whatever. And so you look at them now and they're like they're pretty cheesy. Now. But back then it's kind of like, oh dang you know. Yeah, no, those were like those were really good videos for that time period. Yeah. And I sort of put my name on them. Not sort of straight up put my name on them. You know, when I'd upload them whatever. And that's how people are like, oh, you're actually the one that does those videos. Like that, you know, I guess, my name's kind of distinct or whatever. So that's how I kind of kind of gained like some people started knowing some fame. Not not not fame. But people started knowing I made a name record. Yeah. It's for the end. Okay. So now there's a chunk of time now we're talking because we didn't start this podcast until 2015. And these are easy dates for me to remember because extreme ownership came out in October of 2015. But I was on Tim Ferriss podcast. That came out like September 25th, 2015. And then I was on a rogan like December 8th or something 2015. And then we started this two weeks later. This podcast, I remember I was like, let's get it out before Christmas. And we did. We got out like 20 second of December or something like that. So there's five years between, okay, you made the first echelon front one point of video between that time period and 2015. What were you doing? Okay. So you were making other videos. You had some, but you actually had some pretty big, pretty big videos, right? You did, well, let's just start with the ha not show. Right? So the ha not show. Yeah. So you will, before like after the victory, that was started this cascade of like other people wanting me to do that. Those were good videos. So which was perfect because I kind of got thrown into the mix, like, and had to like, you had to learn. Yeah. Like hard. Like there's no better way to learn than getting thrown in the, well, there are better ways. But that's a way, that's a way you're going to have to learn. Yeah. You get a sink or swim and you started swimming, crawl stroke, oh yeah. Restro, side stroke. Yeah. And like mistakes, you make like you really learn the lesson because it's not like, oh, I made the mistake in my freaking, what was your next bit after the war is the next like big break after victory? Um, I, a big one. I worked for a guy Blake Malin and that was like, as far as content goes, it was like, okay, it was kind of, you know, corporate and stuff like that, compared to the stuff I do know. When you would make early, which, what is what I noticed when you make, or when those early videos that I was in, when I watch them, I'm like, this is the same thing we're doing right now almost. Like the same, especially you see the, well, like you said, like the thing that the things I'm saying that was like, oh, yeah, we, if we would have known then we just say, okay, let's just start making more of those right now. And really when you think about the whole thing as a big picture, it's, that's literally what happened. So like when you, like when we're making the victory videos, right, there's so many outtakes like, and most of them are me and you because you're messing with me the way, always messing with me like you're like, there's this one where you're like, because okay, and you, you, you, you're kind of smart you, like you, and I don't mean smart like you're observant. No more observant than the normal person. So I'm new to video and I figured out really early when I do shoots with people, I just press record because a lot of the good stuff you can get with people is when they don't know you're recording. When I'm talking to them directing them, um, they're doing something else. They say something. They're trying to at least loosen up and they're doing whatever. And there's a lot of good stuff coming from there. And you picked up on that pretty quick and you're like, you're recording, aren't you? You know what I'm saying? I saw you pressed a button. Oh man, like, but the way you said is like, that's literally the same stuff you do, you know what else is funny? You got that one video of our old CrossFit instructor. Yeah. And he said, he said, I'm gonna try and summon my inner jacco, which is weird because how did he, what had even seen me before? Well, that comes from. Amen. Everybody new, man. That's random. Yeah. That was random. But yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I did some, some of that. Then yeah, I'm working with Blake because that was, it's like an ongoing thing, which that's what I really liked about like doing video or the type of videos I like to do is like ongoing one stuff where I could like think of like cool little themes for the next one, you know, kind of think. So I did that for a while and then, um, and then I tried to, and then I wanted to make like movies and stuff like I think like anyone who does video. You did, uh, you did some martial arts, some grappling stuff, too. Those were some pretty good videos. And you're actually traveling to do those videos, which one? Like Metamores. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You did some really cool Metamores videos. They were kind of, uh, prefight. Right. Yeah. Like kind of like a hype down. Yeah. It's countdown type videos 30 for 30 or whatever. Yeah. Kind of like little mini document. Yeah. It's like about the person in the fight coming up. Yeah. Yeah. And that actually doing those a lot. That's how I met a lot of the big due to players and how even more how that spread like through the due to community outside of San Diego. Like, okay, that guy makes like videos or whatever. So I did that. And at the same time, I met Resson who is Hennato Laranja, I met him. And I was like, brother, this guy needs like a show. So we made a show with him. And we got episodes. I think six six altogether. Those are hilarious. Oh, yeah. Those are epic. Yeah. And those are on Flexpoint TV. Well, they're on YouTube. Yeah. But I wear on YouTube. Oh, just just go and not to learn on just show. Or yeah, Flexpoint.tv. They're on there. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. But we had that how that's a hard one to that was hard to make given where I was in my career. We'll say because it's like, okay, I can do if I was just doing that full time, which I kind of was at a little pocket. I was just doing that full time. You could do it. But because consider what you got to do as just, you know, I don't have this huge production studio with people like arranging everything. So we got to basically arrange my schedule because I still got to work and stuff. Like, I was we were mean. Jade, we're putting money into it. We were spending money to produce this show. So there's that. And then there's, I got to work. Right. I have other stuff to do. So I got to schedule with myself. And we filmed an LA with two hours away. Where'd you what space did you use? It's called the Dream Factory LA. Some place that you were paying to use that you rent out the studio. Yeah. It's a little set there. It was pretty dope though. It was really cool. And then so my schedule, the Dream Factory schedule, which it wasn't too bad because, you know, you can schedule it in advance or whatever, but not those schedule. And then the select, because the guests are celebrity types, bass, rude, dine, Frank Shamrock, like, Hannah, like all these. So you got to schedule with them as well. Like Kenny Florian was the first one. But that was really fun show. But it was really hard to get together and put on. Yeah. So when I had a career and then towards the end of us filming that, my career started to go up and up even more. So it's like, man, I can't do it. I just couldn't do it. We couldn't do it. So yeah. So it stopped. But that's a funny one. All of everyone's all like watching again. And it's freaking funny. Yeah. Oh, he's a hilarious guy. It was a, it's a good show, great show. And then meanwhile, you and I are still training hard. I mean, we're training hard this whole time. You were one of my primary training partners this entire time. Yeah. And then, at like I just kind of told part of the story, but I go on 10 Ferris' podcast and he tells me to start a podcast. And you reminded me of this. We actually had talked about it in a little bit. Wait, were you trying to convince me to do one? Yeah. So you told me that we should do a podcast that you could figure it out or whatever. Yeah. And then I was on Rogan. And that's why at the end of the first time I was on Rogan Show, I said echo, get it, get ready. Because in the middle of Rogan Show, he says, you should have podcast, which come to find out Joe Rogan tells everybody that. Yeah. Everyone who should have one. Oh, yeah. And, but I listened, thankfully. And it was, you know, bit both here in it from Tim and Joe was was was a convincing. And I mean, I would have done it just off of Tim, but the book, it was like I was on Tim, then the book came out, then I was doing that thing and just barely got done doing kind of the book promotions in New York City when I came home. And that's when Rogan. So it all happened pretty quick, but yeah, having both of those guys said. So then, but I do remember this conversation to for sure. I came back from Rogan and I said, hey, we're going to do a podcast. Are you good? You know, can, can you make it? Can you make it? And you said, I'll tell you tomorrow because I remember you specifically said, I'll tell you tomorrow. You could, you didn't have an answer for me right then. The next day, you come into training. I come into training and you said, hey, I know I can do the podcast. I figured it all out. I know what I got to do. And then you said, let me be on it, too. And I said, what are you going to do? And you said, I'll be normal and you be you. And I thought that was a pretty good idea. And plus, more important, I didn't want to sit and talk to myself. I'd rather talk to you. And because you and I would talk on the mat anyways, and oftentimes we're talking about subjects that we would, that we're interested in. So why not be able to sit there and talk to someone and you're a super humble guy. I was like, yeah, I could, you know, we hang out all the time. So if there's one person that I can see that can sit there and listen and not feel like, hey, I'm going to throw my two cents in on every. It's like, okay, cool. Like, let's do this. So that's how we ended up doing this. Yeah. Yeah. And the, yeah, the timeline little, okay. So you, and just from my perspective, I remember very clearly, too, by the way. When you were on Tim for like, okay, so most of the listening to me on Tim first. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Right when he came out, those good. Even and I knew you for a long time, but that was a really good. That was a really good podcast. Tim was think about Tim. Tim, I mean, you think about the caliber of people that Tim Ferris has on his podcast. Mm-hmm. And it was my buddy Kirk Parsley who introduced me to Peter Atia with the purpose, like, Kirk was trying to, trying to hook me up and Peter, when I talked to Peter, who I'm now, you know, good friends with Peter too, but you know, it was the same thing. Like, they're trying to decipher if I would be a person that would be interesting. Right. To listen to. So, so awesome, you know, like I said, Kirk hooked me up with Peter, Peter called Tim and said, you should have this guy on your podcast. And that was the first first interview I ever did. No, that's good. In my life. Yeah. Sitting in Tim Ferris's house in the San Francisco Bay, or what he doesn't own anymore, because he moved to Austin, Texas, but just that, like I went up there on a, I flew up there. That was a good call, because he said, we can do it over remote. And I said, no, I'll come up, you know, because I, I want communicating over the phone and there's gaps and there's pauses, you can't see the person. So thankfully, I went up there. And, you know, Matt, we actually stayed the night. There's, there's awesome, man. Tim's just was super cool. And then, so that podcast happened. So you listen to that one? Oh, yeah. That's interesting that you sort of figured that that communication thing, because that's a huge deal. Like if you can go, if you have the option to go in person or over Skype, of course, you're going to choose in person, that kind of seems obvious, but I feel like people don't understand how much of a difference that that makes. Like, it's night and day. It's a night and day situation. I was working for the Admiral in charge of all the seals. And there was a meeting happening in DC, like at the Pentagon. And the Admiral had a small, a small decision was being made. And he had an opinion on it. And someone else had another opinion on it. And he talked to the guy that was making the decision. It was like, hey, you know, do you want me to come out here for this meeting? And the guy's like, well, you don't have to. And the Admiral's like, okay, cool. Because for the Admiral and I, you know, I meant us getting on of, you know, on a flight, flying six hours, not like we have a jet. Like we're going to get on a commercial flight. We're going to stay the night and some random hotel, blah, blah, blah. So he goes, okay, well, you understand my perspective boss sounds good. If you don't need me out there, I won't come. So we did a bit, it was a video teleconference. And I'm sitting in there and the decision goes the other way. And the Admiral goes, he soon as we got off, he looked at me and he said, I should go into that meeting. Yeah. And I was like Roger that boss. You, you face to face is a big deal, especially if there's no relationship established. If you don't have a relationship with someone, you need to go build it and you build it as much as you possibly can face to face. Yeah. And there's a lot of, I mean, there's a lot of over obvious stuff, you know, to figure that. When you figure that, it's like, okay, for these obvious reasons or whatever, but not so obvious reasons, or just the little teeny tiny almost subconscious subtleties of being there with someone. Even like split seconds in a conversation can like, can make a difference between like, if it's like cohesive or feels cohesive, for sure. And that's not, and that's of course from person but from people listening as well. So like that's why I like, I think that was a good, good move for you to just make that, make that sacrifice and go up there and be there with them. Yeah, no, it was awesome. And Tim was pretty in the groove at that time. Like he knew how to do it. And he, and also the format of his podcast was like, you knew kind of what I kind of knew what he was going to ask about. And yet you could veer off and talk about other subjects. So it was like a really nice way to kick things off. And now that I've done a bunch of television interviews, podcasts are just infinitely more comfortable for me. So some people, they don't want to get trapped in some long term conversation. It'd have to remember what they just said and formulate thoughts fresh on the spot on the moment. Whereas because the TV people that are doing TV interviews, they're not formulating thoughts at that moment. They go into that with a preconceived statement. They got four sentences that they're going to say. And that's what they're going to say. It doesn't really matter what they get asked. So some people would prefer to do that. Some people would prefer to do along. I don't mind doing either, but it's infinitely more fun and thought provoking and intellectually stimulating to actually go have a legitimate conversation with, and with with Tim, which was awesome. That was a very cool way for me to kick things off. Very lucky. Yeah. And me, I was just like probably millions of people who like knew about Joe Rogan, listen to Joe Rogan's podcast, which that's kind of like the standard, you know, that top standard of podcast. But here's the thing about it. It's like since it's so conversational, where he's like just talking in the early days of Joe Rogan's podcast, he would just talk to like red band and like his friends and they're just talking about stuff, you know. Now it's like there's a lot more to it, for sure. But back then it was like, all these are just guys cruising down in their base manner, some cool room that they're just basically what we all sort of do anyway and talk shit with each other with friends. And so I think me like millions of other people were like, man, that'd be so cool to be able to do that do a podcast like that. You know, just talking with my friends or whatever. And then so being in jujitsu, I think that a lot of people were in this same boat where they know the guy who like when he's kind of talking to everyone sort of just listens and likes to chime in and whatever. Right. So like with us in jujitsu was like you and even Dean when he talked about jujitsu or stories or whatever like they there's a lot of cool conversations that go on on the mat after we're before jujitsu, whatever. And those things would always go on. Those are things we're going on way before it's in the first interview. Right. So before the whole podcast idea, we already had I think I was like a lot of people we already had kind of for lack of a better way of putting it like dreams of doing some cool podcasts. Like everyone had that thought not that we were ever going to pursue it or nothing like that. But the thought like wouldn't that be so cool if we could have podcasts like jujitsu and have it be like a good you know successful one. A lot of people and you get even nowadays people even when you're only all the time saying like oh yeah like I want to start my own podcast on a separate podcast right because it's like when you listen to two people talking it's like man that's your job man that's the coolest thing in the world. So I already had that in my brain. So when you went on to embarrass ourselves like man when you was like you should do a podcast like hell yeah you should do we should do a podcast to me that was like we should do a podcast let me say that. So that's actually it was I thought I'm pretty sure it was before Joe Rogan I was like hey we should do a podcast and you were like yeah you were like we like why would you be on like it doesn't I said you should have me on and you were like why like what and it wasn't like it'd be pretty easy for me to be like dang bro like freaking when you got to say like that why would you ever be on it but I didn't take like that I don't feel like you're saying it like that you're just starting to look Jerry at that question like why why would you be on it yeah they didn't make sense to me yeah and I had it in my brain just like I said where bro I'll just be the person you're talking to be normal be normal person you know and if I have questions I ask questions like that's not what I'm here for I'm here to just you be talking to somebody rather than talking to the microphone or talking to the screen by yourself or whatever which you know that's fine too but it it's just and so I was essentially like thinking of Joe Rogan's podcast where he's like talking to somebody the whole time someone's there listening and trying me to never that's what that was my little engineered perceived or conceived yeah you know what what I was thinking about I've told you this before when it comes to having multiple people on the same podcast like on our podcast we don't have it had many episodes where we've had more than one person to interview you know one of the reasons is like I already talked about and we already talked about if there's a bunch of people talking I won't talk yeah and so what I was thinking myself well when I'm getting interviewed by Tim Ferris he's asking me questions okay I answer them because I'm being you know I'm being asked a question to an answer it Joe Rogan's asking me questions I'm an answer him but if you put me into a situation where there's multiple people and they want to talk I'll just let him talk I'll listen so in my mind I was like thinking well if I have someone else on there then I'll just sit there and listen to them talk and well if people if Tim Ferris is telling me to have a podcast he's not telling me to have a podcast so I can sit there and listen to someone else I should be talking okay got it so for me I had to get over the the idea of like oh well and then I thought you like I said earlier you're not a person that you know when we're having a normal conversation you're not one of these people it's a cold on wait listen to my viewpoint you're a person that like oh that's cool interesting you're a you you will listen as much as I will and so that's why I thought okay cool yeah make sense good call echo Charles yeah fully and keep in mind too yes it was like the a partially myself for sure since like I wanted to be on a podcast for sure but not at any moment was I being like hey so I can be a star too it was right I didn't have that at all like I knew what I was getting into it I knew why I could do it not because I have all these cool things to say because I don't really like in my mind like I'm that's not what I'm thinking especially compared to you I'm listening to Tim for that interview Tim Fair like probably I literally could never bring anything like this to the table but if you're over here talking about like stuff stuff and and I have just little detailed questions about that just to clarify what you're saying or whatever like I think that I could facilitate in that way and not to mention just technically I could make the whole thing happen and I have my own little creative ideas as well with that so I'm figure yeah that's it but yeah it never even entered my mind that like it's my podcast I'm gonna talk you know you're gonna sort of listen to me sometimes so you did have a vision for the podcast at least because the podcast number one I had a vision too my vision was basically what the podcast is right now that's what I had the vision of hey we're gonna execute this thing like a military operation boom it's gonna and the first podcast starts off with your vision which is you know we're kind of talking and then we kind of we kind of drift into the beginning of the podcast and then we kind of drift and actually you know as you know me and my kind of leadership principles at this time I wasn't 100% sure that I was right I just thought to myself this is what it'll be and then you had a different idea and then we didn't really talk about it until the next podcast and then I came in and was like because I listened to and I was like yeah that's not we shouldn't do it that way in my mind I was like well I don't think we should do it that way I think this thing should start and one thing that I wanted it to do was like start right when you press plates yeah when you press I wanted people when they put their headphones on and press play they were like okay here it comes and that means no intro music that means no advertisements rolling in it's like hey this is Jockel podcast number four here we go rock and roll and so that's what we started doing one podcast number two yeah what's funny is like that so there's two kind of thoughts and I didn't think it out fully but I just kind of sort of felt like you know creed it was like a creative feeling I guess maybe that drove that decision to make to be like oh yeah I just sort of rolled into it casually because you know like certain move like movie start in all kind of different ways you know some movie start just the way how you were saying like you want to start like it begins and then some movies just sort of start unfold yeah they don't know creed it's no nothing but it just sort of like people just sort of doing something you know like wait what are they doing okay let me see you know boom and it's sort of slowly develops into this thing then it maybe hits you with something and boom boom so I remember like I'm vaguely remember editing it and being like when should I start because we're talking a bunch before that too and then what so when should I just roll into this and then it was like me talking actually it was like what does that pomegranate pomegranate chy-ty because you're drinking the white tea and you're like white tea yeah and then man I remember thinking that it was like man yeah that was cool but then yeah you shut it down real quick you're like that is why but you I think even thinking back on it the way you had and given what you took it wound up talking about it so like that yours is way better it's way better yeah and I just did a bad job of out of the gate kind of explaining well hey this is not right yeah we didn't talk about it but what's interesting too is uh I think it was brand you know brand and pick worth yeah so he he we talking to me was a while ago he was like saying that out of the gate with this podcast it's you know when you hear people you go oh listen to Joe Rogan's first podcast or listen to him for even Tim Ferrissal say listen my first podcast I know what I was doing it's mono it's this it's that and it takes a while for people to kind of figure out where they're going I mean it might take 20 30 100 episodes or whatever at least 30 40 50 of people trying where they kind of find their groove and brand it was like out of the gate your podcast hasn't even changed that much I mean it's we did make you know I mean I think we've improved we've improved our audio we'd probably speak better now but it wasn't like it's not this drastic turnaround from we were doing something radically different the podcast is essentially the same now as it was on episode one it's essentially the same thing and so I and I think that did that is based on what I thought the podcast was going to be like and I should have done a better job of saying hey here's what we're doing but I didn't you know I didn't if you remember if you even think about it right now you know we don't like especially like creative stuff like you don't we don't really talk about you're just like you just do it and then if I didn't if I go off the rails in one way or another then you'll tighten me back up whatever but yeah we never did like it was like you said like one thing like hey we should do it in black and white actually did you even say that yeah and that was sort of it and then we talked about like the entire like the ideal look would be like an interrogation room I mean I used the term interrogation but just like super simple whatever but yeah other than that we're just you just sort of like let me do whatever the varying levels of success I guess and so then that that came out of the gate was we got really lucky I mean at the time there was in a lot of part there was there was a lot of podcast but there wasn't even close to number of podcasts that there are now and that went that went forward pretty quick and next thing you know we were like on it was it was happening I mean it was happening meaning meaning this idea of hey this is this will be cool to try it went from this will be cool to try to like we this is what we're doing it went to that in two or three episodes yeah I mean maybe it was even one episode I mean the first episode came out and it was like okay everyone said more and did we know yeah we did know we were gonna I told you we're gonna do one a week I think I think that was from the beginning it's like hey we're gonna do one a week there's a time when I wavered for a little while probably 40 episodes and or something I was like I don't know if I can keep I don't know if I can get this much content red I don't know if I can do this so we might have to go to one every two weeks and I got shut down by the people yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I forget when that was but yes I remember that how I told I told a couple people that Ashland front was working with one guy named Mike great guy I was going to a job site with him and I just we were driving and I said yeah yeah you know I'm thinking about going to like maybe put in the podcast once every two weeks and hold it was yeah it was like I told him that you know there was a disease you know it was like really bad and and he that seeing his reaction there was one of the person I told the same thing and got the same exact reaction which was like he he almost he was almost like lost for words you know because this was early so there was still it wasn't like you could go oh well just let's no one that I haven't listened to or want to have it hurt no while this was hey there's only this many episodes and I'm waiting for the next one yeah you know I remember him being you you know you you should think about that and I remember what he said he said he said he said because there's people that are waiting for these to come out yeah and I said to myself oh okay I got I got I got to get I got to work harder yeah and I could and I make sense yeah just work harder dude make sense too because of how like you know you were pretty like engaged with the people too and out and I was to like where people would be like hey that was this and that's why and you'd be engaged like online on Twitter and stuff like that so it kind of like it really felt like and in a lot of ways it still does feel like we were sort of all in this together like everyone like me knew doing it and then everyone whoever was listening like they were kind of in it too you know it still feels like that yeah and what's crazy is you go to Australia where we just were and it's the same way we're literally the other side of the world and people are asking me about hey would you said this in episode 48 did you think and I'm like yes I did think that I could tell you know people are that into it yeah which is awesome but back in the day when it's when you first sort of start you're that feeling is so on the front of your mind like it feels like we're just all doing it people are giving me input because I'm trying to I mean I don't know about you but I was trying to figure out a lot of stuff early on as well like how to get certain things done or accomplish whatever and people were trying you know jumping out of the woodwork kind of like hey you should do this better you know you should compress the audio you should do so I'm taking it vice I'm you know so we're all sort of in it together and there was one episode I forget what episode it was when it sort of hit a point where there was so many downloads that it crashed our website and like the podcast like the hosting right and it um because you know when you start I don't know about that I don't know about that can stuff like where after certain crazy too to think that yeah it's easy to think that we would have enough downloads that would crash the system yeah so and so of course I mean whether whether or not that came across my mind you know maybe maybe not but it wasn't like a worry I wasn't concerned about that at all I was like no this is okay it's a computer like whatever so you know you have this host for this and the website of this and that um and the the moment that I was like okay there's a lot of people like depending on this for like a better way of putting it is when it crashed on the day that I you know released a podcast it crashes so it's like you know whatever it says technically I gotta do all this stuff and just Twitter Facebook like emails like through the website my personal email like coming in like where's the podcast web and it was probably way less of a deal than then it seemed like to me at the time but still when you get like essentially let's face it strainers people I don't know like just by the hundreds just saying where's the podcast where's the podcast it's kind of like them saying hey where's our where's our dinner you know like where's our podcast and I'm like oh my gosh I'm like freaking out where you're then at the end of that I'm like we're gonna about you like oh man if I'm feeling this and I'm not even the star of the podcast what the hell is jokbo thinking and you gonna kill me and all this stuff and regret even doing this with me should it did it with some professional guy out of all this stuff and then everyone's gonna like text me hey so how's it going so to me that was the way that the way I interpreted that how is it going is like what the hell like the freaking but then you'd call everyone's well this was a amount of days like days are going on still well this is this is when the podcast crashed and I would text you like hey yeah like how's it going yeah are we making any progress yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I remember I was on an op I was in Iraq I was on my first deployment and we were traveling a far distance to the south of Iraq there was some mayhem going on we're traveling through this city there's eerie there's people whistling it's just it's the middle of the night and we get lost and we're driving around and I'm I'm tracking and so finally we stop and I go up to the lead nav who's a great guy in the lead vehicle and I look at him and I and I could see the look in his eyes like we're lost just know where we are and I go I go how's it going bro and and like just that right there like he is just his look of panic when I said hey how's it how's it going bro his look of panic went down a little bit and he goes I don't know where we are and I go okay cool this is I literally said I go okay cool we're gonna set a perimeter take your time figure out where we're at and how we can get back on track let me know when you're ready and he goes Roger that and and then it allowed him to actually decompress for a second and figure out where we were and it took him a minute two minutes and then he you know we did it so that idea of instead of texting you I wear this that's fine guys people are waiting for it yeah hey how's it going we make an any progress yeah yeah and so that became clear when you actually would like would call and be like hey you'd be like same that I think you said the same thing hey how's it going like in that way and you're right man it's that because bro I'm not used to that you know like when something's that was pressure and I work yeah you know you're pretty pressure no no I'm used to some pressure I mean it's facing them from quite not that much pressure but we're you know working for people in the deadline hurry up and you know like this and you know where are we with it something going wrong and stuff like that I that okay I'm no stranger to that but the reaction for the people who I'm working quote unquote for I'm not used to them being so cool about it usually them saying well yeah you know their frustration is now you know kind of part of my world my added for us or stress whatever so when you came with that with how's it going bro it was like I was like dang this is like it really helped really helped a lot so meanwhile but still the problem still there meanwhile I'm not giving that level of coolness from the general public our people and it you know it morphed into jokes about echo how he's not an old cruising too hard and like all this stuff which is kind of cool I guess it's funny but anyway then our savior Brady Lanter comes and is like hey I can I can help you with this and all that all knows all this technical background stuff which I knew like a little bit from web development but he knew like the real tech side and man he basically took my hand and held my hand and called some people and boom boom you gotta do this hey we gotta spend a little bit more money to do this but we can we can patch it up and man he got it he got it rolling and like literally solved that problem forever so man but point is there where that's when I knew that yeah like how you say like you can't really do a twice or once every two weeks because people were like hey we kind of need this thing that's when it was clear to me that yeah man it's we kind of have like we're all kind of in this together and you can't just bust out once every two weeks yeah and you also can and I mean I always feel this way about everything too but you also can't be like oh you know what we'll just throw something together and put it out there like that's not happening so it has to be a real effort 100% of the time yeah or it's a failure all right so that's cool you get some technical knowledge from just the function of being the guy that's putting this stuff together what about just from sitting across the table for what do we almost four years yeah almost four years what are the lessons learned from a broader perspective life wise well they yeah it started quick to so okay so remember get what the early episodes like I would drink I would have a drink going you know I wouldn't get hammered nothing you say drink you mean alcohol yeah like that feature not talking to joccal discipline go or a joccal white tea yeah yeah little a hit discipline hitter yeah talking your drinking what did you use to drink vodka and soda water there you go yeah or it was sometimes a beer whatever but it was like that was one of those things and not that I was like nervous doing it but I was like kind of nervous going into it kind of thing and it was just yeah like a little comfort thing whatever and it was one of the things where you didn't necessarily tell me like hey you don't need to do that you know like you or that's weak or now that you didn't tell me that but there was always like this feeling of it you know and it kind of hit me where it's like yes p right yeah kind of what he's just sensitive extra sensory perception yeah that's like me just kind of willing like thoughts into your head I guess but there's it's like one of the earlier things that you said and not necessarily to me but just on the podcast that you know like you say a lot of stuff and it's kind of like and you are essentially talking to me right you're sitting across talking to me but one of the things you said was you already know the right thing to do you just have to do it and then I'm like oh yeah I'm thinking like okay I heard that before but but you start to think about it and I call it and that's true huh like you just you know already it's not like a big like mystery like you know so it's like water because it's kind of lame to know the right thing to do and not do it there has to be something too with the fact that you're not just hearing me say the words but you are a person that actually sees what I'm doing on a daily basis in a way yeah you know what I'm doing yeah you see what I'm doing so when I'm saying that it's not like oh you whatever what's that word drifted through what's like scrolled through your Instagram feed and someone said you already know what to do just do it you're actually watching me and saying oh yeah he's he knows what he's supposed to do and he's doing yes so and and here's the here's when that part became clear where the first time okay so okay so I'm recording a podcast let's say five episodes and we'll just say I don't know maybe it's more maybe it's less but five episodes in it's like okay that's five weeks every week now and we were recording in my house at this time and you'd come up and it was like at night yep we have to do it after uh President was asleep yeah after when it's going to see and um and you'd come up we'd record him like cool and one time I'm like shoot this is like again again again and then you're coming in with your notes and all this something man this guy is like this guy is like no quit because it was like you can be doing the coolest fun of thing but when it's like coming again and again and again you're like well let me take a rest between sets here a little bit you know but nope not you you're just rolling in and then after well when when I start getting used to it that's when I'd like sort of reflect like man if you weren't here doing this right now if I let's say I'd feel my little weirdo dream of having a podcast and that's my job I don't think I would I don't think I would have done it as well as often for sure I would have started slowing down or whatever because there would be times where I'd be like man maybe we should just take this week off kind of thing and it's not like it's this crazy hard work I'm just saying it's just that's sort of how it is but it seems like that didn't phase you at all I remember one time I had a gig on the east coast and I flew and then I had another gig on the east coast and I had whatever a day in between and we and we owed a podcast and I flew back to San Diego we went record of the podcast and I flew back out to the east coast yeah and I said that's what we're doing here yeah this podcast yeah yeah man and that's it's like that is so such a for lack of a term like I'm so lucky in that way because like that that's not like a rare thing where you're hanging around with someone and they rub off on you you know where you knew all this stuff but since the person right next to you is doing it then you start to do it you know it's like like jiu-jitsu you know you hear about jiu-jitsu we know about jiu-jitsu whatever but it's like what if like your brother starts to do in jiu-jitsu whatever or the people at work start doing jiu-jitsu then you know let me go check this out it like it kind of influences you you know in that way so it's lucky that like and if this is every week not to mention all the training jiu-jitsu so I'm around you more and we're talking about it and it's new and excited so we're always talking about so oh yeah man I was just primed for influence at that time so at that point I was like yeah man he's he's really doing it and going back to you already know the right thing to do you just have to do it mean it was so I'm like okay and then I see you doing it so that influenced me to like really take that into considerations for us like daily conscious thought you know so so then what of that what did that actually turn into as far as action wise get first I stopped drinking and here's the idea it stopped drinking but I stopped drinking where that was like a habit so I stopped that and so you went from jiu-jitsu to drink every day every day yeah how often do you drink now well there's no like often like sometimes I'll drink sometimes I won't but yeah yeah once a month once a week sometimes yeah yeah sometimes none a month zero a month but then sometimes like three times a week whatever and this is just how it shook itself out like now it's not a habitual thing every night you know it's just it's more of a yeah I can maneuver my way through any like drinking scenario you know and I don't even know if I was like addicted like an alcoholic I mean maybe technically on paper or something maybe but it was a kind and it was basically this if I had three and I think I told you this before where there was three factors with me drinking a lot and that was if I was undisturbed meaning by like my family or any like obligations you know like I got to drive somewhere or take care of the kids or whatever underserved meaning if you had no responsibility at a certain time that's certain time yeah so that's an opportunity to drink and a likelihood drink yes okay that was a factor put it out and then the other one was obviously alcohol present right and then the third one was being in front of my computer that was it if any of those if one or more of those three factors were not there like I wouldn't drink I'm not compelled to drink at all you know like I'm not against drinking like I'll go out and drink sake or someone you'd see for whatever but it was a non factor but if you get those three especially back then if I had those three present which was essentially every night the kids go to bed you know I don't have to wake up early for something specific or whatever my computer and it's weird because it wasn't my laptop when I'm traveling or something like that it was like my home computer it's weird but if those three things were present like it was it was pretty much uncontrollable so then what was it that broke that that thing like your thing where it's like you know the right thing to do you just look at it you know like and this is I think always gonna be the case I'm sure it's something has to do with your brain but like you can know the right thing to do you can do you know but you it's almost like you oversimplify it you're like hey how do you wake up early wake up early you know but a real person will be like how do I wake up early okay yeah I wake up early yeah that's where I want to get how do I do that you're like yeah just do it it's like you're skipping all these like mental who's and acrobatics that normal people do on like emotions and habits and like all this like stuff that we have to sort of go through to get there you know because we like certain comforts in fact not only do we like come this like we can sort of need them in a little bit a little bit of a time yourself right exactly right and you kind of oversimplify it so come in from someone just telling you that oh yeah just wake up early you're like okay like I shouldn't even have asked you because that's essentially in a way it's not really what I'm asking like I know that part like how do I get there how do I make that part like more accessible or that ability more accessible to to myself that's kind of what they're asking but mean well like I'm watching you do all these things and it's kind of like that's how you are you just oversimplify it kind of thing like you just all right I'm just gonna do it right and there's more to it but like what I'm seeing you just do it so I guess I'm just gonna do it then and then you do it then it's kind of like off probably should it done that like ten years ago that is literally how simple it is granted it'll make it'll be just as simple or just as complex and hard and you know slippery of the situation as as you make it as you allow it to be yeah and allow it yeah but when you kind of when I think back on on it for myself I'm like making it complicated like putting effort into making it and I still do it that's one step further it's one step further than allowing it to be it's actually making it kind of I think that's almost how it's are that's the thing so okay so here's another thing that I learned when you're like and it it does go back to just you know the right things it's just do it regardless how you feel about like working out right so I work and I like to work you know weightlifting and stuff I sort of liked it you know sort of one of those things look for it but you know I get all the other responsibilities and all this stuff you don't necessarily like it as much but you know it's good for you know this stuff so there is a point where it was really easy to justify and skip workouts let's do it tomorrow whatever because they don't feel like it I can didn't get enough rest or I'm doing this other thing or whatever right but if you're just like hey you know it needs to be done you just do it don't think about it don't think about but that's not really how my brain worked my brain worked where I was kind of dependent on that that good feeling of looking forward to working out and getting fired up and working out and I was kind of dependent on that feeling you don't realize it but it's there fully where you're depending on it so you're just like hey you just don't think about just do it but I'm like wait but I really don't feel like it you know like that's just a given I don't feel like like that's like given part of the equation so then what I would do is okay I'll just do it but not do it like I just do it as in workout I just do it as in trying to get fired up and try to get myself motivated and get get fired up to do this stuff but that's not that's not how it works you just get you don't you don't work harder to get that unnecessary part of it into the equation you can if it were free but but that's not the point you were that I took from it the point is you skip that but you could just go work out just do it you know kind of thing and it's like I so simple when I'm like seen it out loud it's like that's a good connection to make it's a good connection to make when it's like just go do the activity it's not just it's not hey just force yourself to get fired up just force yourself no just can't even do that yes you can try but why waste the energy on that just go do the activity that you're supposed to do yeah and then another thing is like you make a good point it's like a lot of this stuff is just sort of there and you're just there to like grab my hand and like be like here see the thing you've been seen this whole time here it's crazy okay so when you're learning if you ever learned something in GJ2 we cannot believe that you couldn't figure that out that you didn't figure that out I'll give you an example here's a real simple example um you're mounted on someone and they start to push your knee or with their hand or their elbow to start now but escape I remember like people would do this to me I mean I'm I'm a white belt maybe even I'm a blue belt and I think I asked Dean I'm like hey Dean what do you do when they start pushing and he goes oh so he does it to me or he you know he he mounts me and he goes here push my knee so I start pushing his knee he reached down and sand pulled it off yeah and and and the answer was so obvious and this is one of hundreds of examples and I'm not the smartest guy in the world but I'm not that stupid either and for me to not be able to figure out certain things it shows you that if you can't it shows you that there's certain things that can be right in front of your face and you just don't see him and I think that's what you're talking about like I'm not holding your hand but I'm just going hey no no no wait let me show you exactly what do you just do this yeah it's like oh yeah and there's a lot you know there's I've heard many people have told me that that's what they got from the podcast or that that's what they got from extreme ownership or the economy leadership or the discipline equals freedom field manual they're like I always thought that I always knew that I mean I was just with the Australian when we were at the monster you know the Australian guy that was in the military for what a long time and he said yeah when I read when I read your book I was like yes you just put in the words what I the way I've been trying to lead and the good thing about that is you have the idea in your head of what's good but you don't necessarily codify it where you can now say yes this is the answer so that's a it's a big step it's like occasion you randomly pull the hand that's getting you in the mouth you might do the case but you don't actually know it and identify it as something you can do where's one should go oh when someone's doing that here's the reaction book do so there's there's a definite plus to that yeah and and that rabbit hole of like revelations like that is is endless keeps like going and going and going and and certain things you sort of forget to you know because you know a human being we're all human beings with habits and stuff like that so you forget certain ones or whatever but man it's like they're everywhere so even like the whole just the whole concept of if you don't feel like doing it but you need you know that it has to get needs to get done or whatever or even just that you want it to be done but you don't feel like it just the just excluding the part that you don't feel like it just doing that seems like super simple it seems easy it is very simple it seems like pretty easy when you say it and then when you go through it it's like it seems so hard but the weird to end this is nothing new where once you once you get it done like okay so an email right I don't know you may or may not go through this but a lot of us go through this where it's like you have this nagging email of someone that you have to respond to someone and to respond to him you need certain information and to get that information you got to go reopen some files and stuff like that it'll take two minutes to minute probably not even two minutes but you got to your brain has to stop thinking this way it has to pivot and change these weird directions and do all this other stuff right so you just don't feel like doing that right now I'm doing this other stuff or I'm just not doing that right now I'll do it tomorrow do it later today whatever and then it winds up being like weeks and meanwhile still there that email still hanging over your head hanging over your head then you're like a seven talk about that on the warrior kid podcast letting your homework hang over your head yeah I did actually there's some kids that probably didn't know what hang over your head I kind of kind of explained what that means yes because when something's hanging over your head what are you waiting you're waiting for that thing to hit you so you don't want that you've got when you get home from school do your homework don't let it hang over you ruin that whole night so that email is going to ruin your all night you're holding thing your whole life you're alive so I mean I'm in this huge way but it'll be nagging it's like you know it's kind of like when you're sleeping and you get to use bathroom and you're like just go use it about them you don't want to get a stand up just go just do it anyway so meanwhile okay then finally you're like you know what finally I feel like you're finally I can't take it anymore finally it's your take it it's your take me enough so I'll do it you go on the email you take care the thing you do it it takes two minutes or whatever you're done you're like proud white and I just do that a long time ago I wouldn't have felt any of that stress or whatever and so but habitually going into that mode where it's like okay this needs to get done I don't care how I feel I'm just going to do it real quick like that in and of itself is a habit is a way you know is a way of thinking at the very least so if that was something that I got better at as well the other thing that's been interesting well interesting from my perspective is that you are de facto detached during this whole thing so you get to be I mean first of even when if I'm recovering a book I mean you're listening but you get to kind of observe me reading the book thinking about the book talking about the book when we have guests on a lot of times you don't say anything and you're just completely getting to observe this whole thing unfold from the outside so you I know we've gotten done with some podcast and and someone would ask me say like well how was that like one of our guests would say how was it and I'll look at you and say how was it because I'm in it and you have a better perspective because you are literally detached and watching it I mean I'm somewhat detached but I'm also reading writing thinking engaging answering so I'm doing all those things and I'm detached from that enough you know I've detached from it enough that I can guide the conversation I'm detached from it enough that I'm not getting too emotional or to stuck on something or I mean let's let's face it there's been some danger close calls for those emotions are creeping up you know sit across from a from a guy that's you know what had been through whatever and you're bringing those emotions back out of them and I mean it can get danger close for sure and sometimes I got to do a little detachment to keep it real but you all and sometimes I do a better job of detaching a mess than you do because because you'll be over in the court or you'll be sitting in your chair you know and I got to I got to try and keep it together because you're not so but that's sometimes sometimes you get wrapped up in the emotions of the story yourself especially when asked to do with kids you kind of lose the bubble and so but other than those moments a lot of times you're sitting there just listening and you're detached so you kind of get to you kind of get a great perspective of it which is nice yes sir yeah it's a I'm like maybe 60% maybe 50% detached because I'm like I'm the audience member just like everybody else really like when you're talking about stuff and or when you're interviewing someone like man I'm enjoying the show like everybody else but I'm like in the show as well you know so as an audience member we'll say that's how I can evaluate and that was a good show or like really what you guys didn't even talk to him or you know anything and I'm not saying that it's ever happened I'm not saying it you know but that and that's why it is you know so yeah I will be affected by these things and but then I'll be affected even more because yes I am part of it like I'm in it you know I'm sitting in your classroom you guys but yes yeah because when you're talking whether you or even like let's say what I'm talking even right now like there's a few things sort of rolling in my brain like okay sure I say what I'm going to say my little idea and it comes out but then there's like a post talk thought is this thing yeah exactly like a little assistant like shit or am I saying the right thing you know or did that sound dumb it's like it's just a constant like small like humming evaluation kind of process that's going on and then it's like okay like doing want to interrupt at this point because I have a thought but no I couldn't so I'm sort of minding my pees and queues as well you know so there's all these little things that hold you in and not it won't it'll kind of keep you from being detached but I don't have that one I'm not saying anything you know but yeah even you I mean I would imagine you're you kind of have the same thing you know you have to run this you have to yeah I gotta think about what I'm saying at the same time this is this is the dichotomy of that if you think about what you're saying too much it's not good it's just like jiu jitsu right if you're thinking about it move it's too late if you if you're analyzing what you're gonna say before it comes out of your mouth to make sure that's the right thing where you you're you're not not the right thing to do at the same time you can't just go verbal diarrhea and just start spewing stuff out because now you now you may say some stuff that you shouldn't say so there's a little a little game that you have to play you have to you have to kind of assess that stuff you have to be detached from your doing it to make sure that you don't say something stupid and you can say stupid stuff I mean I I think about the amount of interviews I've done and and just like you yeah you never know when it's gonna come I'm sure at some point I'm gonna say something go oh yeah I wouldn't have said that I should have never said that because it is what it is yeah and you could I mean it makes sense too where you can you can have a certain thought and then there's like how do you say that thought right like how do you how do you articulate your thoughts right and to expect or to think that like if you have a thought it'll be perfectly articulated or whatever those don't go hand in hand you know some people are super good at it like in fact you're like you're one of the better people that I've witnessed anyway that at that probably you know probably because he keeps things pretty simple most of the time but at the same time like you're not immune to that you know so sometimes like your articulation of a certain thought will come off like different you know it'll come off like it might even be accurate but then the way it'll land on people will be like okay and I'm not saying this necessarily has happened I'm saying this this type of stuff can't happen so it'll be like oh yeah you came off as like insensitive or you don't understand or or your races or you're you know like all these interpretations that seem like reasonable interpretations given the words that you said but it's like man that was just I shouldn't have said it that way because it's not quite as accurate as what I think you know so yeah you got constantly monitored monitor that so it'll jam you up that's right there for that yeah what about in terms of relationships like your wife what if you take it away just take it man is your wife does your wife like you more now yeah or before I think I think she likes me more now put it this way like I I like our relationship better now and that's saying a lot because like we have a good we already had a good relationship you know like I was one of these we're like these people who we knew each other before we started dating like we knew it so there was no like you can you can you can you can jam yourself up I think sometimes like if you jump into a dating situation like super early and then a married situation super early and whatever like you can jam yourself up I'm saying no it's not because but you can and I'm not saying if you know someone for a long time and take it so I'm not saying that's a perfect like solution I'm not saying that but in our case we took it like super slow so there was like we had a solid foundation have a solid foundation so the point there we had a good relationship but you know like in your relationship there's like arguments you know me since Danny I'm sorry I shouldn't act it like that you know there's like way less of that like because I know like habitually how to how to act you know so okay so extreme ownership right extreme ownership perfect that goes deep well it's it's that's a concert like that rabbit hole right there is like you've at first when you first like get introduced to it like oh yeah everything then you're like yeah okay make sense like I could get that yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I get the concert together don't blame I get it right but there's like so many levels of blaming so many there's like the overt like hey you should have done this like blaming right the kind I think it I say it I'm blaming 100% then there's like oh you know it's not your fault but inside your head you're like it's your fault you know so that'll drive certain other like a subsequent like behavior you know then there's like okay I know I'm supposed to take I'm you're thinking this area I'm supposed to take extreme ownership so I'm not gonna blame them so it's not your it's my fault you know but meanwhile your behavior it doesn't like take full responsibility because kind of sort of quote unquote deep down you know it's not fully air you know it's kind of and it just goes deeper and deeper and then you find out all these little pockets of like non extreme ownership you know that you have and to me granted you know my life is very specific but with your wife or I guess kids but that's different but with your wife is a good it's a good battlefield to to to to test that out and to learn about it because it can get so emotional you know like yeah and you don't really have a break from it you know it's like I work it's like cool that didn't work even if I messed up I could still go home to my lovely family or go out to the bar I I have a break from it you know with your wife it's like you don't have a break from it it's like you you got a performance you know like you got it kind of means a lot it matters a lot so I think it it works good but at the same time you guys both have a commitment to be there so it's like you can get cuts some slack most of the time obviously depends on you like but in my case that's how it was so what I sort of discovered and continue to discover like just how good it works it's how good like extra ownership just and everything that comes with it you know like not blaming all the little tips that you'll say like um what is the one where like what do you say absorb and something you know when they come at you with something that happened to them like can you believe like yeah yeah yeah like that huh man man go hold and take it right there man so good even like and that reflect in diminish in fact you can even use it in like you can just reflect oh for you even have to diminish just jump on to say if it doesn't mean anything you know just jump on our side right now you know well yeah you can jump on the side the thing is with the reason that diminish is important on reflecting diminish is because if you can fuel the fire even more what you want to move towards is a solution you want to you want to de-escalate the situation yeah but the best way to do that is to reflect the emotions that they're showing and then diminish them a little bit so that they come so that they're on your side yes but then they start to calm down yeah so you can like um you can ref so that what I when I just said that I'm thinking of like a few different scenarios where I'll just reflet I won't even diminish until like the next day or something like you know so it's essentially it's really but I'll just reflect it's extended reflect oh man you know how much it does for your your limit well I'm speaking about myself but I don't know but no it's true and and by the way you're talking about this from a marriage perspective I'm talking about it from from a leadership perspective but and they're the same thing they're the same thing but what's interesting is you just said you know how good this is and you're right and you know what you got to be careful of that because it's an easy way to bond with someone is they come and say the boss sucks and you go yeah the boss sucks that's actually not the right thing to do right you don't want to disparage your boss what you want to say is you know you want it but you don't want to say no the boss is awesome because now you're at enemies right but when the person says oh the boss sucks and you say you know I'm not really sure where they're making this decision from oh okay we're now you're talking about a decision so you're you're giving them a little bit of reflection but you're diminishing a little bit so you can have a real conversation about what's going on yeah yeah yeah so there's a certain scenario that that is comes up a lot this scenario literally means nothing at the end of the day so I knew I'll get the other one in my life I'll get these from time to time where so for example my way like many ways watch reality TV from time to time and you know it's the real housewives of this or married to medicine or whatever right these these are TV shows TV shows and they're like the depends on your opinion but you know they're in my opinion one of the most like the lamest type of show but whatever it's real these girls they throw them together and they're all rich and super immature and doing dumb stuff and yelling and blah blah blah sounds like awesome no great team problem so but here's the thing you know when there's like it's sort of you know when we're just sort of cruising relaxing and whatever and it's on this is what I used to do back in the day where I'd be like like what is this show is done like this is just being a you disparage her the thing that she likes right and I mean that's not what I mean which means you're disparaging her oh yeah but I didn't mean to do that I'm more like I'm talking about the show you know you're just being truthful exactly right you know you're just using radical camera exactly but meanwhile she'd get I mean she wouldn't get mad but everyone's well she'd be like hey just leave it alone you know like I don't you know talk trash about your shows you know I don't give you she's like I don't insult you you know about your shows or whatever meanwhile I'm thinking like keeping my net sometimes watch my giver and these steps of shows right so I don't really have much of a leg to stand on but in my head I'm like yeah because my shows are awesome kind of thing you know and the thing is I'm not doing anything to her I'm talking about the show you know kind of thing but just like I said it's like I'm disparaging her taste and show her choices like basically all that sort of whole thing so so I started to realize that or whatever so I did the whole reflect no diminish because it's meaningless the show and it's mean like I can disparage her show and her all or which is still gonna like the show you know it's not like she bases her life on it this is literally meaningless so now she'd be like oh my gosh I can't believe like this lady did that I'm in the room so of course it could literally be a cat in the room she probably say the same thing like she's just saying it to someone right so I can't believe I can't believe she did this and she'll like rewind it or whatever but I can't yeah yeah she's so stupid like kind of like I'm into the show you know everyone's on all show catch it she'd be like you don't like this show whatever but and the things I don't but it's kind of fun to do and at the same time it's like considered the difference you know consider the difference would be saying oh my gosh don't you don't rewind it I don't care about that's you know so it's like that kind of stuff as well man we're it's like you kind of look at in you look at the whole situation as far as like the big picture you know where's like did do I do I make it a point to make a point right now yeah that question for you yeah so when you look broadly what's what's like your most valuable thing that you've kind of adopted into your life since we started recording this podcast okay there's there at first there's one but there's two things and they might play off each other I guess but the main one is the long game versus the short game and and you said that to me early on that I was like I wouldn't never thought of that given what you said it about back then but the long game versus the short game so I can so that stuck in my head and since then I realize every little move you make literally like in life I don't care if it's like you're going to store to go buy some I don't know paper towels or something like there's always a long game in a short game in play right now so anything and if you think about it anything that you're successful at it's like you you're at least playing the long game some things in life people just aren't even playing the game they're just going to minute to minute you know and that's a that's short play short you know you know you you caught this at one of the monsters a guy asked how often are you thinking strategically which thinking strategically is thinking the long game and you you caught a clip of me getting a little bit fired up of saying you know I'm thinking strategically all the time that's let and that's the truth that is the way you should look at every decision that you make why would you make a decision based on the short term outcome being positive if it if it has a negative long term effect you just shouldn't do that you gotta play the long game and I'll tell you like I am thinking strategically all the time and that is so beneficial it's so beneficial in everything that you do and yet it's easy to get suckered in to make short term decisions based on short term gratification based on the ease of movement based on the path of least resistance based on what's going to feel good right now based on even what's going to produce good results right now look we hope that our immediate results are aligned with our long term results and something that benefits us right now will benefit benefits in the long run that's a great opportunity that does happen sometimes but sometimes oftentimes short term gains will result in long term losses so you gotta think through this in everything that you do yeah and I remember one when that guy asked that question and I remember thinking to myself that that's interesting kind of became clear why that's not so obvious and there's obvious reasons why it's not for sure because when he asked the question he's like how because even when you put it in those terms like strategic versus tactical right tactical is the short term game strategic is a long term even so when you put when you use those specific words like hey so how often are you thinking strategic it's almost like it gives this feeling it's a feeling that you're like plotting you know often are you plotting meaning you have a certain plot in my you know like but it doesn't mean that like that's one maybe possible way of seeing it but I don't I'm not talking about that like everything is like a game like you're moving through life you know so what where's your aim going to kind of sort of be and those those aims those goals for lack of better term or literally everything you do like you otherwise why what are you even doing why would you even move a muscle you know if you don't have like an aim to do it or whatever and that aim is going to be either long term or short term can be both for sure and that's like the that's that's rare but that's really good opportunity as you put it but even if like you stand it like you're sitting there right not moving a muscle right we'll say it's going to extreme example and you're like okay I got to move a muscle right maybe because I'm getting stiff or whatever there's always some like goal that you got to sort of achieve and if you look at everything like that and you consider okay what what's the ultimate outcome that I want you know and you could just keep that in mind man that is like a life life changing thing when you can really understand that I think that is a good one another thing that I told a story when hit one time on this podcast and you mentioned it to me I was talking about how when I was young I was in a seal butoon and I was thinking I was awesome and all of a sudden like other guys were getting promoted other guys were moving into better positions than me and I I've kind of looked at myself and I said if you're so smart then why are you winning and that was a big step for me to come to that realization and and what's good about it is that's another kind of early indicator of taking ownership because instead of me saying look I'm smart and I'm not winning because everyone else is against me because this guy's that and this guy's an ass kisser and this guy you know all that could have done that instead I looked at myself and said wait a second if you're so smart and luckily for me some of the guys around me were good guys they were my friends they I knew that they I couldn't blame anything on them but if I was so smart why wasn't I winning yeah that's the other thing that oh that's the other that's the other hundred percent and you know you see it in people and like like a lot of these things just like extreme ownership like you can see it in other people super clear you know like it's talking a lot of trash for being a loser you know kind of thing you know like you know the old thing where it's like oh yeah I'm getting this guy's giving me a relationship advice when he's like a single person you know he doesn't have a successful relationship or whatever you know it's like that kind of stuff you super easy to see that in other people but for yourself it's like yeah man I have this cool idea that you probably got from someone else or whatever and you have this quite doing you're so quick to be to tell people about it and to correct this person you know because it's so obvious they're doing it wrong right so you're gonna correct them and boom boom and you have your arguments and debates all like formulated perfectly we ain't any debate meanwhile you're not doing anything you know you're just like sort of it so that is a big deal like what I realized that that's a huge deal like it and it's way better just to be quiet man you got it and it kind of like how you guys talk about it the monster you didn't date broke they'll go deal they you'll talk about like taking action right so it's like taking action part is like the hardest part of whatever right it's like the guy who goes to school so much so much and then he's like but he can't really function the real world because his whole focus is on coin a school or the person watching like a bunch of motivational videos and he's just all he's motivated to do is watch more motivation videos you know he doesn't take any action whatever you get dopamine from a one motivational video do I just do people yeah yeah yeah yeah so that's that's what that's what makes him gonna want want to go watch another one what's more yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah they're like two things you know like two separate separate things but nonetheless it it kind of brings all that into perspective you know like you you if you're not you know if you're so smart why aren't you winning so the why aren't you winning part that's the most important part you know like it's almost like brown who cares how smart that person is you ever ever hear someone hate on someone like oh they're just dumb or whatever like uh who's the one the uh the kind of Kim Kardashian right you know people hate on her they're like I'm not even saying necessarily that I feel this way but I'm saying this is what plays out a lot of times they'll hate on her she's so dumb and they're so dumb or whatever and then it's like all right but if you're so not dumb like why is she like winning you know you're sort of not you know kind of thing it's like that whole idea is there is got put into perspective very much so it's like that's always on my mind too like before it opened my mouth or whatever it's like probably before you open your mouth you should really work on a bunch of stuff first you see what I'm saying so that's a big one and it helps a lot too because you start to focus on doing rather than blabbing you know and play and I don't mean just blabbing I mean everywhere like on social media all these people having their strong opinions you know it's crazy you know I you know I I I see that happen right um you know like I when I was on with Joe Rogan and Tulsi Gabbard you know obviously there's she's a she's literally running for president United States from America okay cool and there's obviously we we touched on we didn't really have a debate by any stretch I mean we we both kind we both kind of talked about things and we all kind of talked about things as human beings that were whatever you know it's pretty straightforward right but the the conversations that took place on Twitter after that I mean we're talking just I was I was like man is this the best place for this random person to have this major debate with some other random person about whatever topic had come up that was either you know they didn't agree with or they agreed with so that's a little crazy sometimes oh yeah huge I I hear people say you know that Twitter is just the most horrible thing to participate in right and I don't really think it's a horrible thing in fact I've gotten great interactions on Twitter I've gotten incredible feedback of met people I mean the whole reason that I was on with Joe and Tulsi was because of Twitter but books I've linked up with people we've had people on the podcast that I never would have heard of or never would have been an introduced to that that are American heroes that have incredible stories that that's all through Twitter I've gotten great feedback I've gotten adjustments I've gotten correct so that's all good but yeah if you're gonna go down the whole of like hey let's debate this hot controversial topic you know it's hard for me to to to to reflect on that in a positive way you know it's a card for me to look at someone go man this is what you you know you just sent out nine tweets like linked here you can link tweets together and someone will send out nine tweets about some topic and it just worries me because I think there's more productive things that people could do with their time like if you want to put those things together and organize the way and you want to make those statements and and almost always they're attacking like in a super aggressive personal attack as well so anyways it's just interesting yeah it's a lot like the words say what they say but like the fact that those words are there like says a whole another thing you know you know the old nothing new where it's like man you don't have anything better to do than to like express and it's not like a lot any by any logical means they'd come to the conclusion that yeah what I say is gonna like solve whatever problem it is that I'm addressing it whatever like there's no reason to think that yeah I I guess I'm trying to think of a good metaphor for me this is like a metaphor if you saw someone that was having a that was shouting at a toilet at the top of their lungs and and they walk out of that stall kind of like you know kind of like yeah and and I'm thinking man you just you just yell because that's what that's what it is right you're yelling at a toilet because whoever doesn't want to listen you isn't even gonna read the little things that you wrote so what's once again that's why it's more what's more important is like why not find some common ground with someone from a leadership from just from a leadership perspective right from a leadership ship perspective I want to find common ground with someone I want to figure out what it is that they think what their perspective is so that I can understand their perspective so that I can actually give them a logical argument or at least show them what I believe to be valid points so that they can then give me feedback on those points and I can learn from them and either adjust my position or adjust their position you can't get that done when you're yelling at a toilet which is a lot of people end up doing so yeah and also that reminds me as well another is a little bit more of a detail than anything but like how you how you do the old at the monsters you call it being a tactical genius we just be quiet and let everyone else talk kind of thing and this like I find way more prevalent when I hear two people talk on their talking and they're debating and there's little differences and differences and then you can kind of you know like you're detached from and right but you actively did that because man before I was strongly compelled to like jump in and like correct you you're wrong here and let me correct you right because I'm smart right gotta prove it to these people I'm pretty I'm down for this whole thing I'm smart right so a soul quick to like jump in and be like yeah you know that's wrong or that's correct and let me expand on that kind of thing you know and it's fun to do you know it's all you know you're having conversations whatever I dig it but there's a bigger picture you know so if you don't say anything you can see that bigger picture you can be like you know annoying you're being right like you're I think you're saying like truthful stuff or whatever but you're being there's a bigger picture with what you're doing so your tactics might be good your strategy is awful it's way wrong name is we you're gonna win this argument and you're gonna make this person dig in deeper that's what's gonna happen not to mention like you last yeah after this like you think you're impressing them with the and I'm thinking of like very specific conversations that I then remembering right now with whether be friends or whatever friend family but you kind of think to yourself man like I used to talk to my brother about this idea where it's like man what you're saying is correct in your little debate but brought what you're doing is wrong you know you can't do that or you can but you're gonna lose your war whatever so yeah so one of the things I learned that's just with me right now it's with me hardcore is just don't say anything just be the tactical genius so one they ask you or when they look at you or when you do for whatever like strategic reason want to chime in yeah you're like you're way more in a position of that you want to be in you know and you you don't run the risk of being all sucked in and alienating people and doing all the things that that you've run the risk of doing when you're you know trying to impress them with those smart you are and how good your position is you know all right so let's get to your black belt yes sir you were surprised yes we did a good job of keeping it under wraps yeah but had you at this point just surrendered to fact that you made we just were gonna be a brown belt for a really long time yeah and part of this part of it was like I'm glad I thought of it this way in part of it is like man I should you know you always think back on things like you should handle things or whatever so so moving up in ranks and and I say this kind in a way as it advice to maybe people who can fall into these psychological traps with the belt right they want to belt they want that stripe or the blue belt or the purple you know they want they want to get promoted right because they want to wear part of it is because they want to wear that belt and it doesn't keep in mind it does not help you just do doesn't help you just do this not that currently does not help this particular situation where you know when and our school I like you're saying I thought you're saying it does not help like oh definitely like no no no I thought you're saying hey getting your black belt by the way it does not help your duty which I was like that's a great well I felt does not make your duty to any better nope it's a light even introduce the idea that it's not nearly as good as you thought it was but yes yeah I'll tell you about that too by the way but I'm saying the culture of duty to doesn't help your think your mindset about this especially like our school doesn't do this a lot where you know how they like everyone line up at the end or at the beginning class and it's like hey by belt you wipe out you go in the back on the back go suckers you know like you're a man sub human bread whatever you guys sandwiches oh yeah and oh the with a black belt not not even in the front room in front of every body facing them you know you guys bow down in front of us kind of thing right and then okay after your brown belt you're almost here so you can come close right everyone else in the back you know so it's like I dig it man I dig it does the duty to culture does not help but if you can kind of get past that this is how ideally I would have tried to think about it where you like okay so the belt doesn't matter okay so when I was coming up I didn't know there was belts like I didn't really know I watched UFC 1 2 3 4 or you know those ones and sure why's going to be wearing a belt but I joined no guedine so we don't wear belts therefore no belts I don't know I'm thinking back I didn't think about this but I think in that that's probably my subconscious thought so one day brand remember it was one of the trainers of whatever he was like you guys are about white belts here and it was me and a group and I was like white belts it's like hmm I never thought of that you know so doing tournaments and competition and stuff like that after it was a year like 12 13 months right Jimmy remember Jimmy Sants right he was like hey come to class tomorrow and I was like I think now I can't come tomorrow at it was at six or whatever I work I work at night so I can't come and he was like no no come tomorrow come tomorrow you have to come tomorrow and I'm like I can't come tomorrow I don't know how else to tell you like I can't come tomorrow I'm not going to I mean he's like no no we're having promotions tomorrow so I'm like I'm thinking I'm not thinking belt promotions I don't know about that yet so he's like he's still didn't realize nope it had no idea and he and he goes uh he's like no we're having promotions but I'm thinking you know how like promotions like a tap out is coming in to promote that brand and it's like a show and you can't imagine promotion that's what I'm thinking so and everyone comes and it's a fun thing I thought it was like a team thing or something and I'm like that's cool and I if man if I didn't work that'd be cool and I would it can he say pro it's like what I got it to I think you're getting because you're getting promoted tomorrow to blue belt now it's like oh blue belt because I never were gay before I was on nogie so it just didn't don't mean so it's like okay that was only after like 13 months or whatever so I was just focused on training and learning cool new moves and oh my gosh I can do this now and all that you know getting better and that's what I was focused on learning and stuff so then I got a blue belt's like cool but still nogie I was competing so it's like the belt never really I'm just I just want to win I just want to get better and win because if I don't win I lose tournaments and that part sucks doesn't matter what don't plus nogie like I said it's it's not belt driven it's you know time so and then I got purple belt like another year like super fast and it was like a surprise it was like a liaisu's there joltutor was there it was like rolling and I did a little bit of ghee at this time and I was doing ghee and then alias just pass out of purple belt and he's like giving it to me whatever and I was like oh this is pretty kind of surprising and kind of crazy but I started to do more ghee and then I got hurt like at the end of purple belt and you know people were starting to look at me like hey when are you getting to get your brown belt then it started getting introduced to me so then my mindset kind of started to shift then I stopped competing too so now like just competing to win wasn't really part of it it was it was of all about walking in the training room or this corrupting the moment into my mind so walking the training room you know I'm a purple belt but I've been a purple belt for a while so like I want to be a brown belt well I'm better than that guy you know like I got that guy out I should be I should be wearing the brown belt standing up front little bit more you know it's that starts to creep in meanwhile all the stuff that got got you there you know like focusing on like learning new moves getting better at your moves and and being effective or whatever that is like sort of secondary you know you kind of focus like oh my instructors here now let me um I better not get caught I better not experiment I better like show them I'm good you know it's like that and it jams you up so and then not to mention the frustration when it doesn't happen day after day we get after week and don't let there be a promotion and you not get promoted harsh man harsh luckily that never happened to me but like I seen people like behaving ways that you should never be even due to after that happens to you know the kind like a promotion goes on and when we get promoted and they don't so anyway but I so I can imagine the feeling right and then it and it jams me up I felt like my learning just didn't would like I plateaued like pretty hardcore what year is this this is like end of purple belt which what year is that I got brought my brown belt in 12 2012 okay so there is that um and then you know after you kind of get promoted then everything starts to come into perspective you know like man I shouldn't waste my time thinking like that all this up but you're kind of easy now that you have the brown belt that you wanted the whole time kind of thing right so you kind of let it go and then especially because brown belt is kind of legit like I mean brown belt is legit like you're a complete you know yeah you're you're it's it's a real thing yeah it's I think you're seriously in the game yes you have game yes like you can technically be a purple belt and really maybe not have that great I mean look there's purple belt out there that are murderers for sure but you can you can be a purple belt me like you know and of course there's cases where this is completely untrue but usually a brown belt is legit like 90 I guess for every belt it goes up like a percentage of what the what the how legit what the chances are that this person is totally legit and it has really good due to I brown belt there's a really high probability that you're legit and you have really good due to yeah that's a good way of putting it where it's like for every because it's it always feels that way when you're a white belt and you get promoted to blue belt you're like man that's like that's a big huge deal and then when you get promoted to purple belt it's so much of a bigger deal that it's like oh my blue belt promotion was awesome but like nothing compared to this purple belt and then purple belt to brown is almost like you're becoming an adult kind of thing you know so it's like way bigger it's like cool purple belt but brown belt you know and then of course brown belt the black belt's even bigger you know plus is like an added little thing to the black belt but so you know it's easier to have clear thoughts on that and add a little thing to the black belt yeah well you get to stand up front and face the people now you know seems so that's the thing there's a lot one thing is when you're a black belt now the percentage of people that are that that that don't really have good due to that our black belt is very very small yeah it's very very small having a black belt in 22 means there's a 99% chance that you are good at due to yeah because there's some people that whatever I don't even know where they got their belts from or whatever because what I don't want to do is just blank it say everyone that's a black belt is awesome because that's not true right yeah but there's a really good chance that you got some good due to it's a real black belt yeah fully and so anyway the so the point and then I never really ran into that at Brown Belt even though I was a brown belt for a long time like seven years I was a brown belt that was more because I had like career and I let myself like not focus on Gigi too you know for a while then you know I got hurt again like all this all this stuff you know who was always campaigning for you to get your black belt who Greg Train yeah okay yeah yeah no he would and he's your your the guy that he'd be like hey right okay okay that's feeling good and I go yeah yeah and he's the that's the classic that's where my joke came from is Wendy you think he should get his black belt and I got her on probably another six months and then he probably asked me that five times you know for two years for two years yeah maybe even longer he was like hey what do you think I'm gonna be and then honestly part of it was you'd get hurt yeah you got you got hurt it's really bad timing to get hurt yeah meaning it was really close like okay we you know it's like okay we're almost an eye person was almost in the planning stages of like okay time to give him his black belt yeah and that I probably reached that planning phase I might have reached that planning phase I don't know if you've been hurt three times there they're a bit there well major injury was by at Brown Belt by Sep my knee I was out for a while just probably my by some of the way and as far as her injuries go yeah okay so there's probably two times in there where it was I was probably in the planning phase of okay we need to make this happen yeah and when you get hurt I'd be like well not happening now yeah you know it's what I guess could be frustrating but I didn't feel it at the time when I was in that happened with purple belt as well because that day when I got hurt um Alias told me hey you got it I was really into nogie and no geek uh competition so I didn't want to do the geek part of it that was like an all-day competition they'd be in the day and then no get night and uh Alias was like hey do the geek part of it and I was like no no that's not where my goals lie you know giving the speeches like no you should really do the gear it'll help your game all this stuff like I've been like cool man I respect you and you're the man but my goals don't look you know giving them this sort of technical speech and he's like kind of like how Jamie did me long time ago he's like bro do the geek because this geek competition is your brown belt test straight up told me because he wanted to just tell me like cool one I won the purple belt got hurt in the nogie no purple belt years and years and years ago by no purple belt so same deal man like right before that was he told you brown belt or purple belt I was a purple belt that was the that geek competition yeah so he didn't say if I won there he just said that's your test for to get your brown belt yeah you just changed it to to a purple belt when you re-till the story so yeah got it yeah so that was the test um and yeah that's no promotion yeah because they got hurt so same deal but it's yeah that's part of the game but in brown in brown belt even though it was longer time and you know what how that I'm thinking of it and I had to stop before you the the the the the introduction and I guess wasn't an introduction but the introduction of you taking a little bit more like control over what belt I had like one route um I don't know when exactly that was but there is a time where I'm where I'm thinking in fact someone even told me maybe told someone who eventually told me that like oh yeah they're gonna throw a brown belt but jockel standing in the way like jockel won't let it happen like the kind deen was said like okay and jockel was like no that's what someone told me that's a little bit of a that my little bit I mean the bottom line is we we have a pretty actually someone did tell me that exact thing and I know who it is it doesn't matter pretty pretty democratic promotional system here because we have so many black belts everybody knows different sides of people's games so generally there'll be like a hey what do you think I mean for the lower belts it's sort of you know the individual black belt so we like hey I'm promoted this guy this guy but when it comes to black belt there's gonna be some consensus yeah now I will say I am probably the biggest hurdle when it comes to black belt right because it's a big deal so I'm not over your thrown out black belts on people and going yep yep good to go so yeah I mean there were sometimes I don't you know whether I was the only guy standing in the way and part of it is just the whole dynamics of the situation which is you know someone throws it out there not like hey I think but someone being like hey you think echo is ready my standard answer is gonna be like no it's not ready probably like six months right probably pretty standard answer whether that was you or whoever so yeah there's probably some facts to me being the roadblock yeah but not because not because I was like I don't want to give echo his black belt that's what wasn't in it all it's like I want echo to be to deserve his black belt yeah right that's what I always felt too and I was ready yeah we'll put simply you had a specific standard that was in a that was not a flimsy standard that was like for the the real deal and I saw I figured that and with varying levels and mixed emotions about that because you know the image or sight of me is like man just let it go bro you know like way gotta be such a hard ass all the time kind of attitude and then the other side is like man the it's almost like logical where man who would you rather be like a medium or not so good black belt or like the best brown belt like who would you what as far as that kind of thinking goes in this thing and I'd rather be the good brown belt really you know because you're rolling a row with your butt like everyone knows the black belt is not that good you know and you don't want to be that guy it's free if you think if you're thinking like that you know so it's like you know I I get it I make sense and then of course if you can get to the maturity level to think well when it if it does happen I'm gonna be so happy that it happened this way if you can get there then it's like okay that'll make you feel better too and that's again if you're even focusing on that belt that belt situation so when I even thought about it and when I'd hear all this stuff that like yeah like these people want to like promote you but then jockel like doesn't you know kind of thing then I'd be then that when I think about it'd be like I think to myself yeah I'd basically have to tap jockel out like not even wants to like the kind like I'd have to I'd have to tap a lot of few times for him to like consider giving me that's what I just figured you just kind of got to that place yeah so that was it and then so it's in a way it's easy to to get or it made it easier for me to not even focus on it anymore it's kind of like did you tap about jockel to you no okay then let's move on kind of thing in your own mind you know but let's say let's say I did tap you out though that would throw me right back into the downward spiral focusing on belt so that's kind of the van you want to think you like that so eventually I came to the conclusion this is probably like leading up like the the months or year maybe leading up to it is like jockel might keep me a black belt when he's on his deathbed and do we're done with his life and or he's done with his life hopefully I don't dive you for him and he'll be there oh by the way you know give boom I have a black belt and I for real had that thought like whatever and I'm like okay he's holding up for a little while too okay I got to tap him out before he's gonna give it to me okay so he's just now I'm never gonna get it never yeah and keep in mind I'm not thinking this every single day I'm saying when I did think about that or when people would be like hey when are you gonna get in your belt or your black belt or what are those are the thoughts I was going my mind you know this was years ago I had a conversation with James Nielsen about this because I forget who we were looking at promoting to black belt but I was like yeah you know maybe in like six months and then they were like you know James was like bro he's good or she's good and I was like yeah and I I think I said like hey that person's never even passed my guard before right you know it might even be meant about you but I don't think it was I think it was an earlier black belt I think it was maybe like Craig or someone in that group and James is like hey we're much better than we were when we got our black belts which is so you know I got my black belt a long time ago right 2005 2000 right before I right so that's like what 14 years ago so 14 years ago I I've had my black belt for 14 years so how much better I've done so much training I mean I've done more training as a black belt than I did without a black belt for sure and high level training so you can't think oh I can't compare you because I mean the same thing right if I held the standard of you of like well Echo's never tapped me out so I'm never going I'm given this black belt when he touched him up that's an unfair standard because I'm way better than I was 14 years ago when I got my black belt so that's not a fair standard so yeah that's that's not a good but it's not a good couple so in that way because like there are certain people where it's like like Andy for example he his skill rose so fast that away I mean did he has he ever tapped you up before he got his black belt? I think he did I think he got me I think he got me like one time but I think it was like as a purple belt and it had no influence on a black belt okay it just seemed like with Andy and whether this was the case or I just seems like this could be a possibility in this type of equation where they rise so fast and they get so good so fast that it's like bro like I have no choice but to give this guy a black belt sure he's straight up he's tapping me out and I've been a black belt for 15 years you know it's it's kind of like that kind of attitude but yeah so it's not like a apple samples to a street in the way I guess but but it's true though yeah you're right so I could I couldn't be like oh well well I'm just gonna have to wait until Echo taps me out to get his buck belt cuz when is that gonna happen right could it happen today sure it could happen today but you might not tap me out for another two years right I mean like that's that's the reality of the situation you might tap me out tonight right I make a mistake you get a good move it can happen but it might take a long time I mean there's people that have never tapped me out and you know it just happens right like this it doesn't mean that they're not worthy of you know exact right doesn't mean that doesn't mean that so that's one of those things where I had to kind of recognize that you know we're better now than we were then but to counter that argument everyone's better now than we were then so probably a good purple belt right now would be able to beat me as a black belt 14 years ago right a modern purple belt a modern purple like do you watch the worlds did you I mean you watch kids at the worlds the the purple belts at the worlds are savages right when you compare them especially to a black belt from 14 years ago 14 years ago is a long time ago the game has evolved a lot but so you were not expecting it all when we were able to do that you know I so what I did was I ran it ran it because you were ready and I was like okay you know that goes that goes good ago you should be having this back but I will watch you roll that's another thing I would evaluate is how you roll with other people not just with me because that's not fair either right because how does your game match up with me not the best way you know and I would watch you roll with someone that's good with me and I'm like you're doing better against that person so then I got you know it's the same thing with everyone like you watch them rolling you got ah you know you should you're killing this person or you're killing that person you know you're not killing me that person's given me a hard time so therefore it's just your game doesn't match well with with me which doesn't mean that you're not ready this means it's a bad matchup yeah that's not linear like that for sure so yeah so it was awesome to have that go down I know it was a long haul we're not into making stuff easy we're on it okay so what's the future hold for echo Charles at this time up man for what for jiu jitsu the same I feel like it's like so jiu jitsu and thinking back on it and I kind of had these feelings even kind of coming up for 14 years where white belt you're just like I taught you're like toddler kindergarten you know kind of you know and then you get through blue belt and purple belt you're like you know elementary you know junior high high school and then uh brown belt is kind of like college you know you sort of feel like you're in adult and you're in there you can do some good things you know having impact on the world in college talk about college uh and then but you're just learn it's you should be learning in there and then then you get black belt is like you graduated from college now you got to go function in the real world now you know so it's like man in a way people say oh jiu jitsu just begins at black belt and yeah in that way it totally does and that's not to mention all the little superficial things that kind of come good and bad by the way they come with it like when you when you when you're a black belt take case so if you're not a black belt and you tap out a black belt that's a that's a good feeling you know it's like one of those little things in your mind that you're like hey I tapped out a black belt before you know kind of thing so now you have that kind of target on your back if you want to put it that way um you're gonna give other people that good feeling yes you're a target for that so people you can tell people's attitude when they roll with you is a little bit different well it might be an illusion but I feel like it's different like physically and then um that's not to mention like you know the stuff that maybe the other black belts might have like oh where could the black belt like I don't know if it's them expecting me to like I'm a black belt now so I'm gonna put it on you or what but everyone's a mile a few little something like all you you seem like this role means a little bit more now than it does before it's like I get that feeling sometimes just not all the time but there's that but yeah like how we're talking yesterday whatever it's like it doesn't really change anything you know like just goes with my belt happens to be a different color it's like you're as good as you are you know that doesn't make your ginger ginger game no sir it does not right the future yet not just keep training you know I guess I mean there's in most ways I feel like the pressure is sort of off and more so than it's off it's more like I don't I'm not susceptible to that that wacky way of thinking like oh when am I gonna you promote it oh did I did I perform well so Dean and Jocco saw you know the pressure that I feel which is a good pressure is like the when you're a black belt man you got a main tane yeah you got a main tane you got a train you got a main tane you don't want to be rolling you don't want to put a black belt on and not represent and not have the skills man 100% so I mean that doesn't you're gonna win every time like there's people that are training more than you and you're doing stuff and it's like yeah but you should have black belt level skills yeah period in the story yeah period in the story and I think that that makes it in I guess it depends on what you mean but I I think that makes it easier for you like how you say it's good pressure it's like it's not even it's more of like it it's like it's like a cool little push you know like it's almost like um like you know these celebrities or whatever like an actor or something right where he he has to play Wolverine so he has to work out you know it's like but you got to be Wolverine on this movie so work out okay of course you know kind of thing rather than let's so you didn't have the movie but you still got to work out it's you know it's kind of different so yeah like training more and maintaining kind of the you know the standard or whatever and if you like it's like easier uh Akbar yeah for those of you that don't know Akbar he's this awesome fighter and crazy jujitsu um he was in he was you know he fought in the UFC never really you know he never performed to the level of his capability unfortunately you know he you know he's just incredibly skilled and he just didn't put it together right you know circumstances things happened you know his opponents did things that were good you know it's like that's the way it is but he did pretty good and you like yeah he did great he did great he did great had some cool stuff oh yeah he he's but anyways he's awesome to train with but like I always had a rule with him we had a rule with each other if it's you want if you want a train we're gonna train like so there's no because both of us kind of know it's gonna be a it's gonna be a crushing roll it's gonna be it's gonna be an early and you know we had the we had the rule at first it was an unwritten rule and then one day I just said I was like hey no matter what do you want a roll we're rolling it and he's like hey if you want a roll we're rolling yeah so he but he's he just he just like came start a training again yeah we're trying to be so savage yeah freaking hard work when he rolls he rolls oh yeah he's going for he's gonna bring it yeah yeah he's gonna bring it and uh videos you're gonna start making some more videos yeah you know videos hard because like especially now that videos are I don't know if you know if I told you this fully but like videos are so common now yeah that like back when I made the victory videos it was like yeah you were right in the head of your time wait yeah that's the thing and looking at him now you're like oh hold that's kind of cheesy kind of funny like fun they're like cool but it's like you can you can you should post those on the uh jockel podcast channel so people can watch them yeah okay um but watching those videos now like those videos would not make a mark right now no not just say another one because they're good or not good or nothing like time just saying like videos are they're just so much everywhere so it starts to become like a wash of just many many millions of videos so granted sure like there's you and you know are all our people they they watch our videos regardless of of what they are whatever no I mean not regardless but like we do have an advantage as far as eyeballs as far as videos or people caring about the videos okay to me the the ocean of videos like it's hard to get people to care about videos so you kind of got to be selective I think so if I put like a bunch of videos out I don't want people to our people to be like oh cool and sort of get bored with them you know so it's like you want to leave a mark yeah so I mean it causes me to be a little bit apprehensive with like just flooding you know the place the videos the cool thing is there's people making all kinds of videos anyway it's with us so yeah so yeah they're out there yeah but yeah yeah I don't know it's weird it's but keep in mind too though I'm like the opposite of you in this way where I'm like like way more like hesitant like I'm also worried about that you know probably to the point where I shouldn't be worried about that quite yet I don't know well yeah we'll make some videos about that cool right oh definitely cool awesome anything else man thank you thank you for giving us your history human actually seems that good place to wrap up people been asking for a while for some more echo Charles they got it they kind of get it on the grounded podcast too the other podcast that we have yeah you a little bit it's you yeah it's a little bit more repr- and then again I don't know sometimes in the support part it's kind of this podcast yeah it's like representative of kind of back like you know okay if we're done training or something right and I don't know be your Greg or somebody bring something something up like some subjects and topics and a question for you or each other whatever and you start talking about it and then I start talking about it and you're talking trash to me like you're you know like all just that whole thing or whatever it's a little more casual conversation yeah the grounded kind is more skewed like in that regard well check well speaking of conversations I'm having some live conversations with people now you're gonna come to some of the show as I'm not sure what which ones but we're even though as people have pointed out I told everyone that you know echelon front is not a rock band or we're not going on tour yeah well I am going on it's not echelon front it just me and I am going to multiple cities so I guess that does make it a tour live gigs January 6 in DC January 11th in Austin which was the first one that sold out January 16th in New York January 20th in LA January 27th in Seattle in January 28th in SF so at those gigs if you're wondering what I am going to do I am going to talk I'm going to dive into some subjects I am going to do some Q&A from the crowd live which is enjoyable for me and I'm just going to go deep on some subjects the only I've only done one live event from that that would be closest and that was the live podcast that we did in New York City number 160 and this isn't going to be a podcast and I'm not going to well we might turn these into podcast we might take a compilation of some of the questions or take a compilation of some of the things that I cover and make them into a podcast but not all of it will be in a podcast and I'm don't the reason that I didn't want to do a podcast is I don't want to put any framework around this I want to be able to really just go and get after it with no no framework and just be able to get after it hard and I know that's I have no real other way of saying it that's what I want to do is I want to go hard on these on these events and with no framework and and make it happen so that's what I'm doing go to jockellive.com if you want to come to those and echo for so you've been talking today about kind of some of the things that you've done to improve your life get yourself we'll say on a tighter, a tighter sort of spanth of the path sure and there's good ways to do this in life and not to mention you can do that while you're supporting this podcast. Yeah if you want to it's true you can support yourself for sure we're highly recommended yes you can support the podcast too if you want to up to you because this podcast doesn't start off with 12 minutes of advertisements and we're not beholden to our sponsors like that because because we're not we don't we don't actually have sponsors and you can press stop right now because you know what we're gonna talk about. So what's staying on the path representing where we're on the path tips and I don't see tricks because it's not trick not trick we'll say guidelines to maybe help you along the way help everyone along the way. Yeah help you your husband or wife kids everything the whole gig I like it first thing you do jiu jitsu talked about it a little bit today little bit life changing activity by the way you have everything about who you'd be without if you did you I would I told you this I've told everyone this because I've done been in all this podcast and I've the thread that connected things for me was jiu jitsu now what's interesting is you did jiu jitsu you didn't have the other pieces. Did you had you didn't have the other pieces but jiu jitsu allowed once you saw the other pieces like oh there's the thread there's how these things connect. For me I had the other pieces no jiu jitsu no connection got you jiu god connection you were the opposite had jiu jitsu no other pieces oh cool got got the other pieces now I said yeah interesting so so we want to do jiu jitsu. We do without jiu jitsu jiu jiu jitsu jiu jiu jitsu exists. Cesis to exist. Do you know that in a seal platoon there is a packing order. That makes sense. That packing order straight up it's based on like hey who's gonna win in a fight that's the way it is. It makes sense. It's the way it is. And you know what that is not only in a seal platoon there's just like that underlying current. So what's nice is if you know jiu jitsu you're gonna move up in that packing order a little bit. That is true that's interesting how you put that into words that way uh I Man I agree with that that's true and it it applies to a lot of situations that in a way I almost done anyone will say I'm but we kind of already know you know that it that packing order structure hierarchy whatever that let's just say it exists. All right and yes jiu jitsu helps you and that I'm not saying that's the main benefit. What's cool about a seal platoon? The reason I can start by saying a seal platoon is because in a seal platoon that packing order is not always theoretical. So there's times you get some van fights right that's gonna happen. There you can be a van brawl and all of a sudden the packing order is revealed. Yeah yeah. And so you feel it but then when you get to see it you go yeah I was right there's a little those little packing order here and it has nothing to do with your rank. It's like here's what it is. And so when you see it when you see it in the in the under current in the under beneath the surface when you kind of think it's there in a seal platoon and then it gets revealed and you're like oh yeah it was there then you see it everywhere. And you go oh yeah it's over there too oh yeah it's over there too you can just see it and it's a real thing. So why not elevate yourself? I'll tell me yourself yeah on that little hierarchy a little bit with some jiu jitsu doesn't mean you're running around choking people out. Nope but you can't. You can if you yeah well you know yeah so when you do jiu jitsu you need to get an origin geese. This is the thing people are gonna hear that right there like when we play that and say you know someone's gonna go oh yeah I see what this is this is like a macho bully thing right it's like hey I'm sorry to break the news to you this is a reality. Yeah this is a reality. Yeah and that's a good point where like yeah I think that when you think about it yeah I think that someone could come to could get I don't want to say triggered I'm not gonna use a word triggered but someone could just get moved into thinking that but it's whether that's the case or not it's like you can say that about anything. You know like the thing I'm not sitting here saying I'm not sitting here saying oh well this is what it should be like or this is what this is uh this is how things have turned out or this is good or this is bad I'm not saying any of those things I'm just telling you what it is factually. factually. This is what it is. Well factually that applies to everything in life like okay you know you and hey check this out just by the way you can be the best fighter in a seal puttune and everyone can hate you like you could never mean you're good operator doesn't mean anything well I'm just saying it's there and it's it's one of the many little it's one of the many things that many things that are being judged. Yes one of the many things that are being judged it's one of the many games that are being played it's one of the many little hierarchies that are existing so why not elevate yourself in that game. That's my question the reason the reason to not elevate there are no good reasons to not elevate because when you elevate yourself in that game it actually will elevate you in other games in your life so change your jitsu people yeah this isn't by the way this isn't 1995 when I started a jitsu and you had to you were lucky if there was a jitsu school somewhere around you this is America in 2020 and there are jitsu schools everywhere or you can go online and you can go to YouTube for free and watch jitsu and get some of your friends are rolling on my carpet and you can learn some jitsu learn some jitsu get yourself an orange and G. Because you're gonna need one for jitsu yeah it was funny because you know I don't train G as much right so it's been a while when we're involved in the promotion of Andy Burke well to get his first degree. To agree on his black belt on the black belt yes you know I put back on the the rift me that's facing when I came out with my rift on and I said this is the knife and you put it on it's a completely different scenario that's just going on so good I kind of felt and I'm admitting this to you and whoever's listening because we're real close like that and I trust you guys a lot but I'm gonna admit this I felt a little bit like elevated like kind of better than everyone you know this is my in a small way because of that get me yes you really you know you have to do peat the the folks that made this ge you have to get like legitimately say yes you elevated the game this is a game changer this is not normal this isn't like this isn't like hey we took a sports car and we put racing stripes on it this isn't like hey we took a sports car and we put rims on it this is your driving a sports car I'm flying by you and a raptor and an F-20 through raptor yeah so yeah very very good so yeah get it origin main dot come that's where you get them so you get a multitude of options by the way including rash guards when you do no ghee which I think is important but I'm important right now preferring no ghee well then again I don't know it's like I kind of want ghee now I saw you wait did you sweep Greg train yes yeah yeah yeah it's hard to sweep yes you got that rasslin background yeah but you tied up that handle a little bit overy what did get you yes with that ghee you go in phases right you know ghee but yeah so if you do know ghee boom rash guards as well all available origin main dot come they also have jeans speaking of elevating the game I'm gonna tell you right now get some origin jeans and I will say this the lightweight jeans which are called Delta 68 those are possibly the best leg coverings that exist and I have to call them leg coverings you can include all kinds of things right we could be killed that cover for legs right we could be a wet suit bottom that could cover your legs you know we could be over there's all kinds of things that can cover your legs so I'm I'm putting all leg covering all leg covering in the world just to say in Delta 68 origin jeans are the best things you can cover your legs with the world is ever known straight out all right that's bold I know because technically and I'd to go too deep to it but whatever so technically you know when you talk about wet suit bottoms and kills all these other things those are like circumstantial like you know there's for certain scenarios right like especially when you talk about what suits or spats or something like this so you're saying at the end of the day net net as they say I don't I don't really like the expression net but whatever net net meaning under the circumstances that you wear a wet suit bottom versus jeans under the circumstances you'd ever wear jeans or the light jeans best 100% cross the board what I just said is what I meant overall in the world which this is 2020 and I'm saying of everything that's been invented to put on your legs this is the best thing that's been invented Delta 68 now the the heavyweight jeans awesome too and they're caught running that close second but my legs don't get cold so I don't need that little extra plus I live in Southern California but that's true but Delta 68 that's the one yeah but heavyweight the the the right they're not heavyweight they're just normal jeans they're normal jeans and they're awesome too but they're in second place yeah so I don't you know for Pete they're in first place what the heavyweight yeah he's up in Maine yeah he's up in Maine he gets that little bit if he's in Southern California you might have a different opinion yeah I'm gonna I'll be it doesn't matter to me because my legs don't get cold so it's not a factor so there you well so something makes it by the way if you knew that we all this stuff's made America did I mentioned that the it's like the little tiny little tagline made in America actually the huge factor huge yeah all the building materials are made in America that's how made in America this made in America stuff is oh wait we're gonna bring stuff in from other countries no no no no we're gonna grow it here American hands yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah joggers you know sweat stuff good stuff supplements though yes like I said important supplements joint supplements but you can have all the creatine uh mega mass whatever in the world if you join some working but you might as you just spinning wheels you're not even spinning your wheels your wheels are locked up like your elbow or like your shoulder no don't allow that to happen get on your joint warfare krill oil get yourself some discipline go multiple choices you gotta you gotta pill right a little go pill you need that little you're going into a meeting you're getting ready to roll to whatever you're doing something that needs a little extra cognitive boost boom take one of those haters you get the going to can why because it's 244 in the afternoon your bent up early it was leg day you were up late you're feeling a little bit of a drag cool crack that open and you're on fire ready to destroy the world okay also milk protein additional protein in the form of a lovely dessert set it yeah good there's some chocolate chocolate peanut butter I think is that heavily in the rotation I have the in the rotation somebody told me to mix strawberry and peanut butter have you done that was that you that told me to do that I have not done strawberry that I can better put it better in jelly sandwich yeah I'm going to try at some point no well I think what I did was I had chocolate with yeah I don't know I don't remember if I did does long time ago and my mind's not even on that right now I remember mixing a banana with the strawberry and I was something yeah that's going to be good yeah either way it's all good and you know some people they prefer just the vanilla my middle daughter is in college right now and she she sends me little videos or pictures and she's and what what you know she sends me you this is literally a strawberry milkshake so anyways that's my dog yeah and that's all and she's she's in college studying nutrition so she's studying yeah stem so the world makes that wait stem that's right that's right science you know that thing yes yeah that cool is in there studying that nutrition so she's given me feedback it's good and and your feedback she gives me she's like surprised that the ingredients are good okay so you really do good and I'm like all telling you yeah yeah as if I didn't make it yeah and she's surprised that's what your kids your kids think you're idiot hmm I'm like well thank you darling so very nice of you also jocquaiti if you like deadlifting or if you don't like deadlifting you probably don't like deadlifting because you can't deadlift that much yeah as soon as you can deadlift 8000 pounds you like it more oh yeah big to take it for me but yeah certified organic to by the way so yeah get that all that origami dot com also jocquaiti store it's called jocquistore you can get jocquaiti at the store too by the way but or should I say and there's shirts if you want to represent this planet equals freedom good good is it good one that one has late like down balance one that won't ever go away you need that concept good for the rest of your life some people have gotten tattoos that just say good and I understand 100% I just understand I dig it it's a good move it was a good move we also have hats truckers hats beanie's beanie's hoodies good stuff there yeah so yeah if you want to represent while you're on the path jocquistore dot com also subscribe if you haven't already wants to stay train iTunes google play you know is it important to subscribe hey you know what you be the judge whatever you like but I think it's conducive to remaining on the path I think so subscribe boom click subscribe boom yeah that's a good question is it a good idea to is it important to subscribe subscribe to the podcast so you know that it's out yeah don't forget that we also have the grounded podcast and we also have the warrior kid podcast which there's four new episodes right before Christmas we're uploaded so check out the warrior kid podcast and you can also get some warrior kid soap from a young aiden who's making soap on his farm so that you can stay clean very nice actually that's good soap to which I haven't mentioned in a while it's not this decorative table piece no it's functional it's actual for real so that you use you know it's funny I watch my boy with it he's pretty good branding from a right we're not mad like like he wraps him in these little burlap thing oh yeah let's go this came from a farm this a kid made this a kid that's super square away yeah it looks kind of rust you know you know me like well that's the reason I said branding in a funny way is because people talk about hey we need to work on our branding yeah you know what his branding is doing his job making the stuff that works and functionally is able he's able to produce yeah that's where it is and he gets it to boom one shows up boom good job aiden keep it up yes it is true yeah I use that that's heavy in the rotation too both kinds jockel and trooper so what's the new the one that is coming out of the anti bacterial yeah there's one that's coming out anti bacterial anti macrobial microbial microbial yeah my microbial yeah my crew yeah it's anti that and and it's got a really good name that's how you name you did but it's I'm trying to blanket me with it again killer soap you know we kill it that's it killer soap yeah book it yeah I'm killing microbes yeah we're killing fungus yeah good at least making a hard environment for them to survive it yeah yeah yeah yeah because killing it is would take like uh chemicals that I'm not sure young aiden could put into a soap yeah we're not done with that we're putting this on our skin so yes make sense also YouTube we do have a YouTube channel official just good one video version some excerpts on there varying uh links we'll just leave it at that and you know some enhanced excerpts everyone's gonna want to it's good it's cool YouTube you know if that's how you listen to the podcast or should I say watch it we do have a YouTube channel so yeah I would say subscribe now but man YouTube actually yeah you want to subscribe that seems like a good place to subscribe because then you have it in your what it does then you then YouTube's kind of telling you a winner new podcast comes out or new video comes out and be it kind of involves that whole algorithm so it's showing you like oh this video here you'll like this one right right which seems smart yeah because if you like the podcast maybe like some other thing that they figured out that other people are listening to right yeah not to mention ease of access as well if you're like hey lemme you know if you want to revisit one or someone told you about like a video yeah it's like ease of you can kind of click on your little subscriptions or whatever I then going through YouTube search let me see is that the one is at the one you know I'm saying some yeah just subscribe to YouTube but if you really want to be in the game and get alerted there's that bell thing you can click on click on the little bell get alerted every time boom you really want to be alerted do that man psychological warfare another another opportunity to stay on the path because when you sometimes you can just let pop the path a little bit you're gonna think about stepping off the path you're gonna think that those donuts are looking good no press play on your MP3 phone player which ever and listen to me telling you why you do not want that donut why you want to go to the gym why you want to get up in the morning why you want to complete that plot just a bunch of things that you can let slide don't let it happen get psychological warfare for yourself and if you need a a visual representation check out flipsidecampus.com for art there you go to hang on your wall run by my brother Dakota Meyer also have some books leadership strategy and tactics it's coming out January 14th so if you haven't ordered it you have best order it now otherwise you're gonna be stained for life stigmatized with a second a dish and I'll meet you and I'll thank you but deep inside we'll both know not just me if it's just me no worry about it right but you're gonna feel it too you're gonna know that you got yourself that second is you're gonna know that when you should have ordered you hesitated at the moment of truth don't do it wait the warrior kid series there's three of them one two and three just awesome feedback from around the world on those books so if you know a kid you're around kids you have kids get your kids get those kids get these kids get all kids this book don't need it to your library wish I had this kiss I wish I could give this book to every kid in the world right now I need your help make it happen this this book is just look it's not even my it's not even my book it's just everything I've learned from people throughout my whole life captured into this book so kids need it that are better let's face it when you're a kid you're scared the world is an imposing place you need to learn how to overcome those fears Mikey in the dragons will teach you how teach your kids I don't do that but basically my teach you how to do it too pay attention the field manual this bleak and was for you freedom field manual it's a new year get someone for the new year January they already fell off their new uh their new year's resolution get them the field manual this one equals freedom field manual get some audio for yourself on iTunes Amazon music google play over MP3 platforms get it there and then of course extreme ownership and the economy of leadership that are wrote with my brother late babbin where you will learn the fundamental principles of leadership and then we also have echelon front which is our leadership consulting company where we solve problems through leadership if you want me or someone from the echelon front team to come and talk to your company to come and work with your company go to echelon front dot com we also have eF online which is look leadership is a really complex there is thing and yet it's simple so how do you get information to people look some people can read that I get it some people can grasp information from reading but not everyone does sure you get everyone on your team get them extreme ownership get them the leadership strategy and tactics get them the dichotomy leadership that's awesome some people aren't going to absorb it that way and even if they do absorb that way they need repetition they need to see it again from a different angle they need to actually practice it go to eF online dot com where you get repetition you get to see different angles and you get to practice leadership situations interactive eF online dot com if you want to come to a leadership event with us go to extreme ownership dot com this is a leadership event we do we are doing it in 2020 we're doing it in Orlando we're doing it in Dallas and we're doing it in Phoenix so if you want to come keep checking extreme ownership dot com for details there all of these events have sold out and these are going to sell out too so get in on it early and last we have EF overwatch and eF Legion when we are taking we are taking leaders from every level of the military and placing them into civilian companies so that they can use those leadership skills that they have they can they can learn that industry specifics when they show up that's no factor military people are trainable but these are folks that understand the principles of extreme ownership and the dichotomy leadership and the laws of combat and they will help you and your company go to efoverwatch.com or efleagion.com and then if you still want to hear more from echo Charles and me well we are available on the interwebs on Twitter on Instagram and on Lafassashaposh. Eccolis Adequatrols and I am at Jaco Lincoln once again thank you to echo Charles fair pressing record but more important thank you for being humble and for having my back and supporting this podcast you do everything for the podcast except for the little part that I do so everything on the backside is awesome and I appreciate you covering all that so I can do my little piece upfront and on top of that the podcast would not be possible without everyone that is listening supporting it so everyone that's listening and spreading the words spreading the word about the podcast and telling your friends to listen and getting a deaf courtesher or an origin g or a parrot delta 68 genes it's all of you that make this podcast possible so thank you for your support and of course this podcast is also possible because of the sacred freedom that we enjoy which is provided by the soldiers sailors, airmen and marine who sacrifice their freedom and sometimes their lives for our freedom and our lives so thanks to all of you and to our police and law enforcement and firefighters and paramedics and EMTs and dispatchers and correctional officers and border patrol and secret service and all first responders we are also here and able to do this podcast because of what you do so thanks to all of you for your service and to everyone else out there just remember that it is a hard path in jujitsu and in life and there are ups and downs and you will get injured and you will get beat down and you will get tested and those hard days will go on and on and on but if you impose discipline in your life if you play the long game and think strategic and if you stay on the path and keep moving forward you will end up achieving what you want to achieve that will happen so put on that key step on to the mats of justice in jujitsu and in life and keep getting after it. This is echo Charles and jacco out